most the booths were dedicated to agriculture .
with coal mining , railroads , oil production and agriculture , people constantly moving in and out of the area , not only in the last fifty years , but the last hundred years ... things that happened , even scandalous things , would get lost in the shuffle , sierra . ''
all because she 'd tried to raise awareness that everyone involved in agriculture had a responsibility to keep a balance between long - term and short - term land sustainability .
cara and caleb work in the laboratories at the compound , which are now a small segment of the department of agriculture that works to make agriculture more efficient , capable of feeding more people .
he studied agriculture , graduated and now he worked the land with fin but he and his girlfriend lived in an apartment in town , saving to buy a house in one of the developments close by .
with what i ' ve learned , i think i can increase our agriculture growth by fifty percent .
` ` well , he 's in telecommunications , manufacturing , and agriculture . ''
we are not in the agriculture business , so the crops you see are taken care of by massey farms , incorporated , based in atlanta .
powerco represents the energy , agriculture , and scientific engineering sector .
department of agriculture .
i m with the department of agriculture , here for an inspection .
dag dagney morgan , a sarcastic department of agriculture employee with an affinity for paperwork , has a chance run - in with a farmer covered in toxic chemicals , and walks away with a genetically modified baby , along with the seeds of a conspiracy .
now , aaron , the department of agriculture is looking for a small storm for the area because we are a little bit behind in rain volume , is that correct ?
the department of agriculture is concerned about what little rain we have had so far , so its our job to make up some ground so we can avoid a drought .
` ` there was no warning , '' said juno , minister of agriculture and mining of the gemono empire , ` ` but this is what we have gathered . ''
there are trees and plants in their agriculture farm , so she knows the texture of those things .
tell me about the agriculture project .
that day they had heard from the director of security , the director of housekeeping , the director of research , the director of engineering , the director of agriculture , the director of internal affairs , the director of operations , the director of health care , and the director of food services .
the galactic senate had recently passed a bill that greatly centralized the entire agriculture industry .
in total , it appeared to be a mechanics depot for the maintenance of agriculture machinery as he had suspected .
critias looked to carmen , could you fly it to that agriculture depot where we got the truck ?
she finally taxied near to the agriculture storehouse as close as obstructions would allow .
she had worked from home the whole day and yet she had still worn her black and red - lined chief consultant of synthetic agriculture robe .
i have a staff assistant and forest , agriculture , education , and social services experts here , all conveniently paid for by the us government .
i have found someone who has a degree in agriculture to lead the food growth committee .
and agriculture technology .
there once had been a great deal more of it , a vast wilderness sweeping on a great diagonal across the midsection of the province almost to the sea , but most of it had gone to agriculture , much of the remainder had been cut up into suburban residential districts , and the university had taken a goodly nip some fifty years back for what was then its new campus .
oil drilling , gasoline refining , motors , scientific agriculture .
after all , we had to compete with space , which was a going concern , with the realistic needs of agriculture , commerce , industry , crime control , and half a hundred other departments of government all clutching at the national purse .
sebastian gorman was head of the senate committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry .
when a nation 's agriculture falters , its economy begins to collapse , and governments starved for revenue inevitably fall back on the most regressive of all forms of taxation , heaping additional burdens on an already suffering peasantry .
right after our next lesson , we have a double agriculture .
chapter 27 visalia california lisa and john had a perpetual problem finding a place to be alone , until they discovered that lisas father had put in an office years ago at his airplane hangar at the small agriculture airport outside visalia , california .
her earliest investments in sustainable agriculture and renewable forestry businesses as well as recent ones in childrens ethical entertainment had soared in value of late .
his son helps out , took agriculture management .
parker had a platinum american express , a black see - through card with a chip in it , drivers license from nebraska and a scan key that said us department of agriculture .
her father is the minister of agriculture .
were looking for cals the college of agriculture and life sciences .
i was looking at the business section reading the agriculture articles when i came across an article about a small company that was going to split its stock two for one .
i was upset because not only did he take the agriculture section but the comics were in that section .
i was reading the agriculture section of the paper and saw a one - paragraph article about a company called station that was going to split its stock two for one this week and robert went nuts .
the old departments of agriculture , transportation , education and housing would all disappear .
the small remaining portions of the old departments of transportation , education , housing and urban development , agriculture and the environment were now under interior .
they would rein in the mining company and ensure that we could once again have a mixed economy , where mining and agriculture worked together to provide our prosperity .
he lost the cow , had the entire farm quarantined for a period of over six months , and had to pay a hefty fine for keeping unvaccinated cattle on the farm against the u.s . department of agriculture regulations .
you need to call the department of agriculture .
of agriculture .
i do nt know honey , but they re out there , and i ve call the department of agriculture so they can come over and take a look .
the department of agriculture is coming over ?
make sure those agriculture guys get every detail .
i m from the department of agriculture .
extending his hand to her , he introduces himself , hi , i m peter lajoy with the department of agriculture .
a farm inspector for the animal and plant health inspection service ( aphis ) , a subdivision of the department of agriculture , his job routinely involves fieldwork on farms ; constantly on the lookout for anything from genetically engineered invasive species to agricultural bioterrorism .
after having worked for the department of agriculture for over twenty five years , john has had a desk job for the past decade and rarely left the office for any kind of fieldwork .
this is only fitting ; for as the baths were for meant for the betterment of the people of the roman empire , the headquarters of the united nations food and agriculture organization were designed for the needs of the entire world .
the food and agriculture organization of the united nations primary mandate is raise global levels of nutrition and standards of living , improve and modernize agricultural productivity , and better the conditions of rural populations .
what the us department of agriculture is mandated to do within the boundaries of the united states , fao is mandated to do across the world .
finally , the food and agriculture organization acts as a neutral forum for the discussion of all worldwide food and agricultural issues .
every year fao must be prepared to deal with more and more problems to global agriculture and the global food supply than the previous year .
graduating magna cum laude , he transferred to new mexico state university to receive his ph.d . after that achievement he started working for the us department of agriculture as a field operative for food safety and inspection service .
soon afterwards he transferred to the farm service agency , before being promoted to national agriculture statistics service and then the agricultural research service .
a consensus by the committee on fisheries has made the development of sustainable fisheries in developing countries a major goal of the fao fisheries and agriculture department .
2:02pm bakersfield , california the white van with the letters marked aphis- agency of the us department of agriculture on the side sped down interstate 5 before exiting onto route 58 .
you must be from the department of agriculture .
this is an official meeting of the secretariat , to assess a proposed new direction for the food and agriculture organization .
fao is the worlds primary organization for food and agriculture .
this is peter lajoy from the us department of agriculture .
as you know , california relies on agriculture as major component of the state 's economy .
washington , dc onassis office in the department of agriculture headquarters occupies the fifth floor , giving him a clear view to a sea of nationally important museums , in particular the smithsonian , the air and space museum , and the museum of american history .
this is onassis , from the department of agriculture .
most importantly we have to stress the impact that the earthworms have on the agriculture economy , and that if they want to avoid larger shortages of food later , they should have an early harvest '' .
` ` its a short walk , reassures mohammed , ` ` -to the ministry of health and agriculture . ''
no other organization has such direct influence over worldwide agriculture .
manjak is expecting to meet with the ministers of agriculture , natural resources , and the interior .
the future of agriculture , the basis of civilization , is to be compartmentalized .
washington , dc at the department of agriculture headquarters , stephen onassis finishes a teleconference with the vice president of the united states , arguing back and forth over the feasibility of a program to supply canada with small quantities of rations .
the duo of agriculture specialists make their way out of the high - rise office back into the elevator .
it listed his employer as the department of agriculture .
he said he was from the usda , department of agriculture , but he did nt act like it .
all the empty promises made by the government and big agriculture fueled a healthy distrust for the federal government and the corporations who control it .
well , it does sound a lot like the european union , but the united states is planning to annex mexican and canadian territory through what they call cross - border regions that pose significant threats to agriculture , infrastructure , natural resources , regional development , national identityand well quite simply , its the end of american sovereign territory as we know it .
were talking aboutthe president , the governor , the texas department of transportation , the texas railroad commission , zachary construction , british petroleum , halliburton , exxon mobil , southwestern bank , and numerous fortune 500 companies in different industries like : agriculture , oil , petrochemicals , computers and electronics , aerospace and biomedical industries .
he did nt finish his story , but if he did he would mention that we were able to get him accepted at the purdue college of agriculture under a little known entitlement to native americans .
federal election commission , securities and exchange commission , federal communications commission , nlrb , fema , cia , dia , departments of education , agriculture , interior , health and human services , dod , bureau of land management , office of financial research , the federal reserve , bureau of customs and border protection , secret service , national reconnaissance office , bureau of industry and security , office of civil rights , thirty circuit court judges , fifteen appellate court judges , all ninety - two federal attorneys and a few other minor appointments we can get to later .
he took a circuitous route , past the ministry of agriculture warehouses , through a shanty settlement bordering the garbage dump .
in a legal precedent in 1995 - studied in business schools and law faculties across israel - was tried for his role in an attempted takeover of israel 's agriculture bank .
ted thompson , the agriculture consul , was the first to speak .
ci headquarters , located on 23rd street nw , was identified on maps of the city as belonging to the department of agriculture .
he always answered that he was a ` ` systems administrator for the government , '' and nobody ever asked further , though if they did he had a practiced line about ` ` platform interoperability '' involving the departments of agriculture and transportation .
other available jobs in 1971 were highway commissioner , public service commissioner , commissioner of agriculture , state treasurer , state auditor , attorney general , lieutenant governor , and governor .
he served on agriculture and chaired a subcommittee of ways and means .
they were currently in the building that housed the foreign disease weed science unit , part of the department of agriculture .
here , each of the wall floppies is labeled with a different subject - history , agriculture , and science are the most popular ones .
we dashed across the street toward the buildings that the various states had sponsored to parade their individual accomplishments , history , agriculture , and industry .
a display screen read agriculture 6 - no entry in flashing red letters .
with our north carolina department of agriculture getting a lot of fees and revenue from this company , private permits are getting hard to obtain , and i expect a similar thing could happen before the end of the year .
the improvements on the forestry area have been introduced by the government , notably the reforestation administration of the department of agriculture and natural resources .
that ll teach the first lady to care about an age group that grew up in a time in which big advertising pushed chemical - and - sugar - filled foods daily as well as the agriculture industry promoted a diet which could inevitably lead to diabetes because of lobbyists throwing their dollars at them .
this may be a breakthrough that our agriculture experts have overlooked , she commented .
commodities market related to products of agriculture or mining .
please take the documents on the desk to the office of the minister of agriculture .
caite exported corn , barley , wheat , oats and other agriculture products which were purchased from two groups within tessr , the government and the three brothers merchant company , a syndicate of merchants that spread through the country like an army of ants .
district 11 , agriculture .
at a time when industry , agriculture , and services are all down due to a series of natural and man - made catastrophes , the filipino overseas workers have propped up our tattered economy , and saved our nation from total destruction .
they are agriculture students at fond du lac high school .
the university had been given a grant to include agriculture and mechanics , changing its characteristic student from elite landowners to students of various backgrounds and financial influences .
mr . carter was originally from augusta , but had relocated to athens temporarily to accompany his son while he was at the university studying agriculture .
the complex had been constructed in the shape of a cross , with each of the four wings holding exhibits consisting of agriculture , transportation , minerals , and the lumber industry .
vast buildings devoted to horticulture , music , mines , electricity , machinery , agriculture , fisheries , leather , forestry , dairy and anthropology are being built .
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
a degree means at least a bachelors degree in agriculture , specializing in citrus .
will made into uf , but soon discovered a degree in agriculture means science .
` ` you can order a new identity from the department of agriculture , '' said digger .
they do everything at the same time and download a new mind from the department of agriculture as an added extra . ''
said teddy , handing allura a wallet stuffed with credit cards , money , bank accounts , and an identity downloaded from the department of agriculture .
i imagine they downloaded a personality from toronto 's department of agriculture . ''
` ` toronto has a department of agriculture ? ''
if you do n't , it deletes your personality and replaces it with a cow or a sheep from the department of agriculture . ''
` ` well download a driver from the department of agriculture . ''
` ` are you a secret agent working for the department of agriculture ? ''
` ` anyway , '' said johnny , ` ` i was a failure at agriculture , so i donated my identity to the open source movement , and i downloaded this hockey outfit from the department of agriculture .
one was an old barn where he taught agriculture and shop and the other the gym where he coached basketball .
letter from files relating to founding of the institute the trainor partnership agriculture and livestock consultants 2 bridge st sydney nsw 10th october 1945 dear mr blake by now you will have received notification from the minister that the trainor partnership has been appointed to manage the setting up of the commonwealth land institute in kalawonta shire .
khloe had been asleep for just over two hours and gene had taken advantage of her nap time , as he had done for the last four days , to analyze information he had previously culled from back issues of poultry world and canadian poultry as well as more than a dozen sites from the internet including usda and state departments of agriculture .
` ` and the man who has a foot in the county can also have a say in the business and agriculture community .
count von brechtsler had established himself with the pilsudski government and became a success at everything from agriculture to banking .
after dinner , the three of them walked through the town that was so much like other towns in eastern ontario that had once been wealthy with mills and agriculture and timber , and now had its ornate architecture filled with boutiques and gift stores and discount outlets .
interesting to learn that world war i and even the russian revolution were involved , combining to bring up agriculture prices , which in turn drove farmers to increase production .
there was some sort of agriculture border check , and it was important not to look like vagrants .
and remembering his forever for such a long time , i ve wrested control of the beginning of that stray story , one story from my ungainly herd of memories , and i can sit with my blue fountain pen and a big chief tablet at a table in the agriculture library across from a shelf of cotton pest quarterlies , and recall for you an even earlier arizona in which that two - door chevy of ours did nt have any seatbelts and the front passenger seatback folded forward with a shove of your hand , or the forward motion of the car if an adult was nt in the seat .
however , implementation was slow and the annual parcelization of 200,000 hectares barely kept pace with the rapidly rising population , so that by 1939 the agriculture problem was further from solution than it had been in 1918 .
customers will be educated about organic foods , recycling , pesticides , renewable agriculture , hybrid and electric vehicles , and efficient , natural home energy .
something told me he was nt talking about a transfer to the department of agriculture and fisheries .
sixty - year - old senator henry cabot lodge was first up , followed by the eighty- year - old agriculture secretary , james wilson , who struggled up the rungs , then teetered near the top , appearing to lose his balance .
the area relied on ranching , agriculture , and tourism .
dad studied agriculture at school .
when my dad graduated from high school , he got a scholarship to a small school that specialized in agriculture .
bill harris , a 20 year old junior agriculture major , said , this semester i have all afternoon classes .
` ` an investigation will alert the department of agriculture .
' julie tells me you 're working for agriculture now . '
garrett , who moved to portland after graduating from college , wanted to experience life in a bigger city while working for an agriculture export company .
` ` anyway , after our big argument , i went to dc and got a really important job at the department of agriculture and nonno ... '' her voice hitched , and he reached for her hand , swallowing it in his much more sizable ones .
in the department of agriculture ? ''