my roots were here , buried in the sweet southern air and the historic countryside .
desperate to maintain even one small link with blake 's beaumont roots , rosie took to sending occasional photos to this great uncle and he seemed to take great pleasure from them because he always wrote back and thanked her .
he had been the head of this family and the company for the past ten years and had held the family together , making sure they understood their roots .
he 'd fought trey on this move from the start , as though if he accepted this new business he was betraying the legacy of his father and their family 's bounty hunter roots .
it had been tough and he would n't wish it on anyone , but he 'd never forsake his roots .
luciana montgomery , whose feminist outlook and american side dominated her castaldinian roots , was the last woman she knew who 'd drool over a man .
was she unthinkable as a bride merely because he was an earl and she apparently lacked a title , fortune , or roots ?
she was considering buying modern art , yes , but this was an elegant woman with roots that probably sank for generations .
that he 'd hidden how deep he 'd sunk his roots into that world of violence , even from those closest to him , had broken her heart .
his business seemed on the up and up now , but almost every article she 'd ever read about him after his quick rise to business fame , mentioned his crime family roots , strongly implying if not outright stating they had much to do with his current level of success .
you left your roots behind you to become someone important , but you 're not so important now , are you ? ''
` ` you have n't even tried to trace your roots to find out your blood background , when you ' ve been free to do so .
` ` i figure if i ' m going to a honky - tonk with guys in boots and cowboy hats , i need to stay true to my roots .
back home , it would have probably sounded more like an ugh , or a ooh , but it 's funny how even amidst great pain the recipient of my punishment remains true to his foreign roots .
her roots are coming in strong .
she was ' burg farmer royalty , roots so deep no one ever thought they 'd be dug up .
lorraine 's way of thinking was , considering her family was close , and she was close to them , her town roots went deeper than his .
she did n't want to abandon their cause or forget her roots , and truman had proved so understanding about that .
as ashamed as it made him feel , he wanted to forget his roots , forget he 'd ever lived here .
` ` you 're his roots now , courtney .
even when i was that young i knew her roots ran deep . ''
sobering , he replies , ` ` ian was n't always this well - situated and rich comes from an old dutch family whose roots can be traced back to the knickerbockers .
he could not have known that the person who had set him up for the fall could trace her own family roots back to the same ancestor , john stilwell .
i think eclipse bay can count on him to remember his roots even when he winds up in washington , d.c . '' jed propped his elbows on the chair arms and linked his fingers across his small paunch .
my roots in this town run as deep as your own .
remind him of his roots ?
that woman had worked roots on your daddy to get him to leave y' all ...
now , young man , you 'll finally see just how deep your roots go . ` `
however , based on the description i was given , she is like yuli in that most of her heritage does not have its roots in the dhemlan race . ''
seduce the mayor , make friends with a drug distributor , and create a drug intended to remind vampires of their predatory roots .
he 's very successful ; he 's good looking , comes from a strong family with roots deep in the southern soil .
he felt more vampire in this moment than ever before , as though something about the human , about angelica , drove him back to his roots and helped him to know himself , all that he was .
funny how in the end she 'd found returning to her roots in more of a teaching and aide manner brought her far more satisfaction than any large - scale mission .
a dazed look in his eyes glinted like the water streaming down the olive complexion inherited from his mother 's greek roots .
she 'd told him from the start that she 'd chosen her job to get away from her rural roots , that she was looking for glamour and big - city excitement .
obviously now that she 'd successfully dug into her own roots , she thought she had carte blanche to ask about his .
an uptight , staid , do n't embarrass us or betray your roots kind of clan .
` ` because your old roots would be ... where was it again you said you grew up ? ''
the one with all the twisted shit in her past and the roots of her father 's vision gifts - courtesy of her great - grandfather , a choctaw shaman .
he was born and raised in new orleans , and like val , could track his roots way back .
of everywhere she had lived in her two lives , only here had she belonged without question - neither refugee nor expat but blood daughter , her roots deep in this rock , her wings kin to this sky .
her lean figure betrayed that she did physical work for a living , her roots had grown out some months earlier , and she wore cheap jeans .
` ` i did n't realize you had such strong scottish roots .
i was thankful that when runaway train took off , jake stayed very true to his roots , which meant staying at the farm he grew up on .
i could tell he did n't like how she distanced herself from her roots .
hell , i did not usually have any care for any affairs , but watching the humans made me disgusted by my roots .
nevertheless , because chinese genealogy is so important , and because jewish ancestral roots are traced through the mother , the xus of kaifeng never forgot that they were jews .
but dangchao 's mother had left one reminder of his roots .
amy believed that the australian aborigines had , centuries ago , migrated there from kenya , and that the way to nd her spiritual roots would be to return to africa .
if they ask about her , tell them that she 's trying to nd her roots in kenya .
well it 's a huge fad here , tracing roots and all .
and so it was that while they began to think of themselves as , what the aliens said , earthens , they also began to get back to their roots and become distinct from other nations .
barakah looked the better part of ibrahim with the same deep set dark eyes and his natural dark - tanned skin that made him look too much of his indian roots , a descent that was from his grandfather , which ibrahim tried to deny and at least forget .
dino wrote a paper on its etymological history and why , through our evolution into non - sexual beings , it represented for him the loss of our roots , the physicality of existence we had abandoned .
why on pangaea would i want a slumber root ?
but real freedom and joy would come with returning to his roots , to relinquishing his will back to the realm that was comfortable , to the realm that would not pain his soulless heart .
even in the darkest decades of modernity we had not totally lost contact with our primal roots .
~ 4 ~ first printing : august 2014 smashwords edition reach for the stars never forget your roots aquarian awakenings prologue flirtation lasts the brief flutter of a butterflys wing .
the play may tell of the sacred roots of agamemnon 's family , but i doubt he will enjoy it much .
` ` i want these people to get recognition for their amazing ancient roots , but i never bought into the stone - coat myth .
the irony was nt lost on the humans , the elves , or the dwarves , but it was lost on finley mudbottom , whose kaernish roots made the concept difficult to grasp .
toms tennessee country roots showed with the pronunciation of uther uns .
does she know her roots ?
an adolescent species rebelling against its roots .
tuek had come from a family that held firmly to its roots , saying : ` ` there is something worth preserving in our past . ''
it was supposed to be about the plight of modern man , who was cut off from all his roots and traditions , but to jake it suddenly seemed that the man who had written that poem must have seen this house : / will show you something different from either / your shadow in the morning striding behind you / or your shadow at evening rising to meet you ; /i will show you ... ` ` i 'll show you fear in a handful of dust , '' jake muttered , and put his hand on the doorknob .
and he hated to be reminded of his own roots by speaking it so fluently .
his family had been here in the region for as long as lorna 's , tracing their roots back to the cane river creole colony , a blend of french and african heritage .
the thibodeaux family claimed roots that reached back to the eighteenth century , to a bloodline of caribbean pirates that plagued the islands .
but you have to understand , my great - grandmother , hugo 's mother , was german , with deep local family roots .
they were conducting projects seeking out the roots of the aryan race .
it is said to represent a gypsy 's wagon wheel , symbolic of our nomadic heritage , while still honoring our indian roots .
afterward , painter continued to have some contact with his native american roots , fostered through the extended family of his father 's tribe .
` ` i know your oldest families here in america have roots that trace back to the mayflower .
off in europe , families have unbroken roots that go back two , three , four times as far .
` ` but there 's a mirror to this , another way of looking at a family 's genetic roots .
robert mentioned how the bloodline traced its roots to the clans that were cast out by moses .
` ` a few years back , a well - documented genetics study showed that one out of two hundred men in the world carry the same unique y chromosome , a chromosome with a set of distinct markers that trace their roots to mongolia .
i knew about my native heritage , but it was n't until then that i learned more , because my father returned to his roots .
you would n't be able to do much exploring if your roots kept you in the same place for all those years . '
she responded telepathically , and smiled ; displaying her blackened metallic teeth i can trace my ancestral roots to the ancient oracle of delphi .
my mother , the former julia winslow , can trace her roots all the way back to seventeenth century new england and the original colonies .
find more resources for first nations kids at : http : //www.pathfindersbibleadventures.com about the illustrator ray keighley is a well known cree / metis artist who was born and raised in the foothills of alberta and who has family roots on the sucker river reserve north of lac la ronge , saskatchewan .
his roots travel down for several generations until we meet kenneth .
they would survive only on what they could find and hunt in the wild , and benjamin thought that the experience would help him connect to his roots .
and the familys roots in the wiles of wellsboro went back generations .
dark roots was about to enter the band room located near the end of the ramp .
` ` dale 's spirituality does n't stem from his native american roots , but from his father 's irish heritage , '' he finished .
i knew she would nt mind this , me going to the local ; shed see it as me keeping true to my roots , not being too snobbish to mix with the folk we ve known all our lives .
in fact many of his closest friends were from boarding school and from his year in the national youth service corps and in both cases , they had roots very different from his .
and now you must know that even though you are not so black skinned as me , even though your ancestry is through a different line , your rootsall of our roots go back to that same small group of individuals who survived the destruction of the previous age .
his body reminds his foster father of old paintings of hunters from orad 's aboriginal roots .
the women , of whatever ethnic background , all dressed in the same fashions , wore the same hairstyles and generally were more sophisticated than the men , whose clinging to ethnic roots was often a point of pride .
they started to look back to their history , their roots and to older ways of understanding the world .
living in the cradle of the developed world , where humankind evolved from the nomadic loneliness of the primitive hunter - gatherer to embrace the complex interrelations of modern lebanese urbanity , it is easy for us to forget our roots .
the lower level of most buildings serve as some sort of shop or restaurant , each owned and operated by an irish merchant whose family 's roots in the community were well established .
responsibility to your family roots is important , probably more so where i come from .
i speak the local language fanti , i can trace my roots to a time before the europeans first landed on our shores , both my parents are still alive and support my claim to the traditional stoolheck , i even went to school here !
they had tried to stay near their kentucky roots but his family around lexington had totally ostracized them .
hopefully , he was not as well known in sweden , the country he had been in exile from almost all his life but where he still had his roots .
knocks on my door claiming to be an historian tracing the roots of several old scottish families .
long before i became famous , elvis told me , when i was only a little boy actually , my mother took me on a trip to scotland , to trace our roots .
` ` stacey 's dedication to working in cancer research can be traced directly back to her roots .
as a detective , john knew what people were capable of , so he checked in case she returned to her roots and left something unlocked .
family roots are important and should nt he have waited to get their tacit approval ?
its just easier to access from there and since we had both grown up on the island we maintained some roots there as well .
like all you other european immigrants who came here legally or illegallythis was our land , aztlan , were the cosmic race , were just coming back hometo our roots , you know what i m saying !
his grandmother 's family had roots in the hardscrabble hills of the northern part of the state that went back over a hundred years .
well getrie , i have nt had my roots touched up in a coons age , do you have time to fix me up ?
he s savvy and successful , but he remembers his roots .
` ` in my early teens , i rediscovered my jewish roots .
do you think patty could be going back to visit her roots ?
i knew darn well her maiden name was keegan - i was born sasha keegan ; so its obvious we ve got irish roots .
she was blonde and pretty and more to the point , english and patty liked the thought of her heroine remaining true to her roots .
sasha made her mind up that when all this was over - no matter what the outcome - she would take a holiday in ireland ; touring around and getting to know her roots .
then those completely whacked sites talking about hitlers jewish roots through a man that his grandmother worked for as a domestic : franken - something or other .
the subtitle beneath the podium read : chris harper , section manager polar orbiting density scanner satellite ( pods ) chris harper was tall , refined , and spoke with the quiet dignity of a european american who still clung proudly to his roots .
suddenly mary felt a sharp pang of loneliness , a sense of being totally isolated from her roots , adrift in an alien and dangerous land .
a child was security , and since she was married to a man who loved ladies and adored the institution of marriage , the child meant family and ties and roots and , left unsaid , legal complications in the event things unraveled .
you were the fourth generation of cayhall klansmen , with roots all the way back to the civil war , or something like that .
despite his mistakes and shortcomings , he was desperate to return to his roots .
and over here i can.my roots go back several generabons .
` ` i told you , my roots go back ; i ' ve heard thestories .
but they 're still here , these family roots .
her wide face and broad features carried a hint of mongol , as did her deep - set brown eyes , all thanks to her mother , whose family traced their roots to the far north .
` ` i ' m not ashamed of my roots .
he 'd long ago decided it was a rich man 's game and to take it up would represent some form of betrayal to his blue - collar roots .
about the author with family roots stretching back to the mayflower , author lara adrian lives with her husband in coastal new england , surrounded by centuries - old graveyards , hip urban comforts , and the endless inspiration of the broody atlantic ocean .
she prompted , intrigued by this history she had never known , her roots , her bloodline .
they ' ve forgotten their roots , if they really ever understood them .
` ` my father 's roots went back to the time of romulus and remus .
how could it not have benefited me to say that i had come from such strong and observant roots !
i drew up a mental sketch of a discerning vampire retiring from hectic urban life , or an old banshee reconnecting with her childhood roots .
gene claimed that his family traced its roots all the way to the melungeons , spanish moors who had settled in the area centuries ago trying to escape the persecution of the spanish inquisition .
my roots came from the country , not from concrete or asphalt jungles , and up here , there were no ghosts chasing us , literally or metaphorically .
while socks had gotten in touch with his skunk side , he obviously had n't forgotten his feline roots .
she 'd killed lucius , her vampire companion , at saxom 's urging - he 'd recognized her dark elemaiyan roots , although she was n't aware of them herself .
i ca n't trace my roots to the founding fathers .
for a moment , eureka thought maureen had been referring to her familial roots , the only ones eureka cared about that day .
we have no time for a history lesson and it is all quite complicated but it 's suffice to say charles valois had a claim to the french throne as did the plantagenets , the rulers of england who had roots in france and in the royal line .
it is not only that you are chasing him but he s running from himeself , from his humane roots .
calling her granddaughter ' little devil ' about a thousand times or that she did n't seem to belong to their roots ? ''
and it harboured the braun familys roots and heritage .
he understood his muslim roots and that crystallized his position as a fundamentalist .
did someone say roots reunion ?
was she excited about giving aklina some family roots ?
they understood this from the number of times that the angel had sent up rays of light up into the sky to add strength and light to their own family star , their pride in their family roots .
she wanted a name that called to his roots and still needed no introduction , so she settled on kingston , or king for short .
she looked down on nellies colonial roots you know : believes to be of better standing because her nephew is a minor bod in parliament .
strangely i still had nt told her much about what we were doing in africa only that we were tracing family roots .
things went pear shaped at school when rosie left , her father had been made redundant from his fancy pants london company and had decided to go back to his roots in scotland .
her old chamber in root was where she , like suzanne , fed me tea and oranges that came all the way from china .
but root had come for me , without warning and against my will and there was nothing to be done but submit .
the deeps terrified me way more than root ever did .
neither were suicides , so they had no knowledge of root apart from what they had heard from other souls .
unlike root , there would be no taking shortcuts between them .
a sad story , i mean , were all a sad lot , those of us summon root .
` ` well , i wanted to keep in touch with my american roots , and the thanksgiving holiday is this coming thursday . ''
no , if he knows he will be tempted to trace his roots .
it might seem incongruous that a group of beings whose roots could be traced back over thousands of years so enthusiastically embraced the internet ageexcept that before atlantis was destroyed , its technology had far exceeded current earth technology .
the language that she speaks , the roots of the great indo - european , or aryan stock , contains .
slaying is embedded deeply into his roots , and he has a kill count higher than me , with his first at the age of ten .
he had just finished feeding the chickens , closely followed by three - year - old yofana who was eager to shoulder her womanly duties but still too clumsy to do so without instruction , when suddenly a brightness burst before his eyes like a lightning , dazzling him so profoundly he collapsed to his knees , scaring poor yofana out of her wits ; but while she ran off to the house shrieking for help , yodren , the movements of his body not entirely of his own will , grabbed a stick that was lying to hand and began carving big , trembling letters on the dried mud , and by the time yern and yenka came rushing to his aid , he had written four words , the names of all four of them , though of course to his parents and yofanas startled eyes they were just a bunch of incomprehensible symbols that seemed to slither about like long , invisible worms , leaving an ever - changing trace for yodren , despite his youth and the humility of his roots , had been further blessed by being an adept in the divine language .
the family roots run so deepthey areunbreakable .
but she appreciated her roots and made an effort to share the japanese culture with her two daughters .
his roots were in philosophy , so he would be remembered as a scholar .
she knows little about her roots or magic , much less her coming transition .
we can trace our roots back to people who believed an animal spirit protected and helped them .
thulin 's family might trace its roots back to borderland warriors , but he himself was just a simple country man like the rest of them .
our sire said we were no better than our roots and never would be .
returning to poland after the war and being the only jew in his unit , he had faced a lot of antisemitism and , in reaction , become very distant from his jewish roots .
wade had gone there in search of discovering some of his family roots .
he 's an old friend of the family , with strong phoenician roots , which is important to my father .
she could trace her family roots to the far corners of the globe with her father having asian and irish parents and her mother , african american and native american .
it was as if he would be alienating himself even more from his family , his roots ... yet how was that possible ?
it is so profound that it shakes jared to his mythic roots as a male .
and hector recalled his gaucho roots with stories of his days on the pampas , herding the cattle .
were a proud culture , with ancient roots .
it was all relative as to what city one was standing in , yet she must be a bit more careful not to draw attention to her northern roots in such a manner .
starr often forgot that misaki was from a place that was not only of technological advancement , but also still had its roots in farming and superstition .
he had shaken off his roots with his family fifty years ago after fidel ruined cuba for the middle class .
` ` sometimes i wish i had more of a connection to my roots . ''
subsequent to tracing my family ancestry , it was brought to my attention that i was actually half american , half british , and upon further investigation , i was stunned to find that , along with realising my new british roots , i was in actual fact , directly descended from the blue blood of british royalty .
his family had roots deep in the islands history , almost as deep as gerrys .
mothers family from lyon , her roots in the massif central , in the house of berthier .
similarly , scott and i seemed like some kind of non - sexual karmic match , so we decided to spend the rest of our time in tokyo with each other , exploring our ethnic roots together ; at least for a little while .
they took pride in flaunting our peoples mesoamerican roots .
my dads roots go back to england .
most people are amazed to learn that his roots are as modest as my own , because to hear him speak , you would think he was ascended from the landed gentry .
makes you feel your roots , like you re still in touch with the person and the time period , does nt it ?
especially when her roots were being assaulted by solutions of various effects and torture !
they say people use the internet more often to seek their family roots than to look at pornography .
when i was younger , my attempts to trace my family roots had been half - hearted because i was wary of what i might in fact discover about my family .
allison all gone and goodbye to the shell especially appear to comment on buddys desire to burn his bridges , leave his memphis past behind , forget his roots .
more guardedly , lowell told her about his birth in a hippy commune in california and about his roots in small - town maine .
he sets most of his fiction in maine , where he was born and raised and has deep roots .
two - tone tina , who has as much trouble distinguishing between the actual and the rhetorical as she has with her roots , ventures an anguished but peppy , no .
this story is about appalachian families with american roots stretching back before the french and indian war , and a baby being created .
this aim pays homage to its long and varied history , and tells of its deep and sacred roots .
its only as of late that i ve grown somewhat serious about returning to my roots , food - wise .
the man was a farmer and sheepherder , a distant relative whose roots were from the same village as our parents , jalud .
dad had moved out just a couple years after he himself had , persuaded by amelia that their roots were mostly gone from the east anymore .
she did nt want to just brush him off since his roots were so deep into her family but she also did nt want to spend a lot of time dragging things along with dan patiently waiting in the wings .
why had he felt so compelled to come back and search for his roots after all these years ?
in some ways , his life overseas had been easier than his childhood , but now he was back to reclaim his roots .
they spoke of this at julias , where it was easier for phil to reflect upon his eastern roots .
the cultural roots that defined the little family were lined up on shelves all over the living room ; pictures of queen and country , pictures of the war effort , all of stacys grandparents in the drab world war ii uniforms of soldiers and nurses .
all a persons roots do is decide the place you begin .
martha had chosen the music for the weekend and it was almost entirely her favorite old celtic songs sung by singing families from the east coast of canada , her mother sharons roots .
martha loved roots music and into the big pile of cds tom had added the roots music of their father and mother , the musical comedy hair .
she did not want her son to become a complete stranger to her roots .
she had hoped that he too would pine to see the other half of his family and see the roots of his culture .
so far , his features indicated strongly that his roots are associated to this country , yet she could not make of his language .
dhadhis colourful history and her granddaughters mixed race roots made this introduction appear like a confession .
he wondered if his roots , the most vanilla of clichs , worked anywhere near as well as methadone .
it remembered him his roots and he was a little kinder .
it came to him more than any printed word : he knew his roots - twenty generations in skaneateles : streets named for his ancient ones , the library itself : major donors , athletic trophies stamped forbar : ` ` mine , too !
these little rituals pleased her somehow , preserved the feeling she was tied to her roots however informally and somewhat falsely .
i think he was ashamed of his roots as a geordie .
her parents were some of the true free - love hippies of the 60s and zoe never gave up her roots .
the story told about a southern woman who became disillusioned with her environment , gave up and moved north in the winter to meet her fiancs family , but she eventually returned to her southern roots .
my father picked her out a long time ago because her family has roots to the actual ming dynasty .
do nt you want to get in touch with your roots ?
cat could trace her roots clear back to marie leveau , the voodoo queen of new orleans .
then came her mothers compelling need for a new life , ripping up established roots , the move to phoenix to be near her sister , abandoning her life in boston .
the wentworths have been fratelli supporters for many generations , with roots in england , so peter refuses to take sides in a dispute or in sharing breeding information .
the maternal side of carla 's family claimed some german roots , and for this reason she studied german in high school and for four years at ole miss .
beyond common ethnic roots , the magnet of daily life was the catholic church .
loved that they kept her tied to her roots and still fit the new ayden that she was when we were together .
and even though my family roots were shallow , they were my only roots .
musically , i ' ve come to like everything , even hip - hop and pop , but my southern roots come through in my love for country music .
just to remind me of my roots and who i really am .
` ` i keep it to ... honor our irish roots . ''
it 's time for her to remember her roots . ''
though he s never really embraced his roots , not even after his dad died in junior high , he s trying to figure it out now .
it was nt until he 'd given up on trying to shake his country roots in his pursuit of rock and roll fame that he 'd finally broken through to global stardom .
a connecting with your roots thing , eh ?
his roots were mostly a cause of discomfort , his parents unconventional union leading to unpleasant experiences for both them and their offspring .
what s more , as the time wave filtered into our genes and reverted us to our ancestral roots , to belong in the underworld as part of its people , it looked to be our forever too .
i used to yell and scream at my rents to buy me what i wanted for christmas did nt give a crap if we had food money i disrespected my rents and gave them sass * * * hired actors to pretend to be my parents did nt want my friends to know i was poor ashamed of my origins and my roots ran away from home , and out the door * * * i m just a deadbeat loser and i m proud of it !
she spoke slowly , choosing her words carefully , as though if she just talked her roots would show .
his accent was a comfort zone , a pillar of his roots planted during his childhood on a texas ranch an aspect of his life he mostly kept to himself , like a possessive lover .
strange thing for a man and his wife to have come so far away from their roots , stay so long and then go back in the end .
and she was to blame for bringing up her roots .
it reminded him of his roots .
he 'd always been self - conscious of his poor roots and to the outside world her family seemed well off .
if she heard that one more time , she may forget all about her southern roots of being raised a lady , and accidentally slap one of them .
they ' ve had genealogies done tracing roots back to england and ireland in the fifteen hundreds .
he wondered if angela was okay and if she 'd ever speak to him again after seeing how ugly his roots were .
or would her mother understand the need to discover her roots ?
` ` i figure if i ' m going to a honky - tonk with guys in boots and cowboy hats i needed to stay true to my roots .
over the years he 'd built and strengthened the roots of that assumed nobility , purchasing properties and establishing wealth under that guise .
i know other languages but i am never able to shed my roots , '' he says , and that accent makes my pulse flutter all over again .
maybe she would n't go back to being a hillbilly , but she would n't be so ashamed of her roots , either .
he could trace his family 's roots in the outer banks back nearly two hundred years .
annie had roots in this county that went deep and spread far .
she wanted to stay in the shoals area , of course ; her roots were generations deep , centuries strong .
nine with so many moroi tracing their roots back to eastern europe , orthodox christianity was the dominant religion on campus .
because he 's erased his southern roots . ''
she understood he came from money , but seeing kyle 's lifestyle laid out so grandly only emphasized their different roots .
while ginger 's four sons resembled each other , gabrielle was almost certain this was the youngest , the architect who did renovations on historic homes - and also happened to be married to a woman with royal roots to her family tree .
he was losing touch with his roots .
long before she knew about his royal roots , she 'd been drawn to his brilliance , his compassion for his patients ... . and a backside that looked damn fine in scrubs .
standing across the counter from her , della was more aware than ever of her impoverished roots .
you need to remember your roots , '' his mother scolded , confirming his thoughts .