you know , you could ask jett to fib a little about his ancestry . ''
rufus chuckled , the sound echoing his gaelic ancestry and coming across as both arrogant and amused , fully in charge despite strong evidence denying that possibility .
once there had been hundreds of allards -- -a family known for its proud and noble ancestry .
the elevator 's tall dimensions accommodated his nordic ancestry , a benefit of having helped design the building .
you are a nobody , a person without bloodlines or breeding or ancestry . ''
` ` tonight , i will attempt to persuade the creme de la creme of society to accept a female without fortune , family connections , or ancestry to recommend her .
other , less informed persons may need to conjecture on your ancestry , but i do not .
my dad used to tell me that i was special because i bound together my mom 's swedish ancestry with his italian heritage .
tradition , conservatism , ancestry , blood - lines .
she kept teasing that he must have mutants or local gods in his ancestry .
note : i will give special consideration to girls of eastern - european ancestry .
i have no idea what the eastern - european ancestry thing is about , but it sounds like a fetish to me .
he had golden brown skin and a wide nose that spoke to his african - american ancestry .
their skin was dark and tanned , which given their persian ancestry made sense .
our ancestry defines us .
because he was the grandson of one of the most ruthless criminals ever born and his parents had done everything they could to shield him from people who would judge and discriminate against him based on his ancestry alone .
fur covered his shoulders and chest where hair never grew due to his ancestry .
his skin was tan , hinting at some kind of foreign and exotic ancestry .
freya and woden gave the daughters freya 's fey looks and his cunning , then combined these traits with the mother 's courage and individual ancestry .
she clearly possessed japanese ancestry , yet her voice held no hint of an accent .
colors were not something he 'd ever cared about unless they pertained to camouflage , yet the pink she now wore complemented her asian ancestry perfectly .
but what if the harpy had phoenix blood in her ancestry ?
cameron called him irish , because , despite his looks and ancestry , his voice dripped with the seductive accent of the isles .
she could n't be a magic user - she had all the physical hallmarks of winikin ancestry in her dark coloring and eyes , and the nightkeepers always bred true .
i had n't had much time to think about that shocking moment , but now that i knew about my ancestry , my sudden burst of strength made a lot more sense .
she was tall and possibly too thin to be healthy , with an exotic look that spoke of an asian ancestry .
in this moment of tumult in my life , i hated to admit it , but i really needed my mother even though she and her ancestry of rabidly adoring vampire concubines had gotten me into this mess .
` ` it is n't their ancestry .
tal at six foot four , flat , tight abs , square jaw and last but not least , arresting green eyes and great skin that showed the hawaiian ancestry that he got from his mom 's side .
his skin was deep , almost olive in comparison to my paler skin , hinting at a native american or hispanic ancestry .
but most at least have some knowledge of their ancestry .
he did n't like not being able to determine darcy 's ancestry .
tall and slender , her glossy black hair that hinted at her asian ancestry was contained in a tight braid that hung down her back .
the guy had a beer belly , but his thick shoulders suggested he did regular physical labor , and that heavy , rigid jawline revealed both his cro - magnon ancestry as well as the kind of arrogance most common to big , dumb animals .
maybe his goddamn noble ancestry demanded that he try to do the right thing and let her go , but everything inside him , every vampire instinct he had , told him that this woman belonged to him .
her english ancestry was the reason i studied british history in college , and my love of her memory was the reason why when i was given my father 's secret box , i knew i had to do something about its contents .
he 'd scraped his black hair into a tight braid , the style emphasizing his high cheekbones and sharp nose , the touch of fae ancestry that had never disappeared from shifters .
many english aristocratic families had anglo - saxon ancestry , and it was evident in louisa - pale skin , bright hair , eyes of brilliant green .
first , her flash made her desirable as a powerful addition to any family ; second , her magic hinted at the possibility of blueblood ancestry ; and third ... my granddaughter is lovely , as i ' m sure you have n't failed to notice . ''
this close to him , she could see the gold flecks in his hazel eyes that gave him the eagle look , and the red highlights in his dark hair from his scottish ancestry .
they took in anyone and everyone , regardless of ancestry and criminal history , as long as they demonstrated the ` ` viking spirit , '' which apparently amounted to liking violent brawls and drinking lots and lots of beer .
` ` well , it would certainly keep her busy , trying to trace mara 's ancestry back to the time of the pharaohs . ''
he was maybe five foot eight , and his hispanic ancestry gave him the toast - colored complexion and dark eyes of a don , while his vampire state gave him an unblinking stare and the instant willingness to do damage .
she was reserved to the point of coldness , using it as a defense against those who shuddered to look upon a human figure with unmistakably reptilian ancestry .
seriffe 's olive complexion and strong features placed his ancestry somewhere in the middle east .
he knew her ancestry , half - fae , half - troll , her genetics having fallen on the fae side .
she picked up her most powerful vibrations that related to her fae ancestry , but nothing came to her as different , special , or even particularly powerful .
afterward , the stream had dried up , the source cursed by a powerful fae of unknown ancestry .
what she saw was wealth , confidence , and a slight european flavor that was the influence of his french ancestry .
being just a nice , midwestern , middle - class girl of unknown european ancestry , it was awe - inspiring to think about damien 's lineage .
he had a broad forehead , a firm chin , and fine creases around exotic eyes , perhaps with a hint of polynesian ancestry .
` ` and each would be mentally assessing my annual income and my ancestry . ''
flame remained silent , intrigued by the way he looked when his ancestry came out .
it 's repeated , making it difficult to follow the child 's ancestry . ''
keeping their ancestry concealed was becoming increasingly difficult with every passing day .
all his life when he had looked down at them , he 'd seen the lily - white , freckled skin of a kid with distant irish ancestry .
his skin was a light gold , and his dark eyes held a slight exotic narrowing at the corners , hinting at his asian ancestry .
all of these are manifestations of fae ancestry . ''
what i ' m saying is that it is likely that you have fae blood somewhere in your ancestry . ''
lendill had told me once after i 'd gotten shot for perhaps the sixth time , that he was thankful for my high demon ancestry .
it 's probably like everything else - wears off quicker due to her high demon ancestry . ''
he had the same sort of mixed heritage that justin did , though huan 's features favored asian ancestry a little more than caucasian .
the other tell of his ancestry was more dreadful : the spikes of splintered bone that jutted from his shoulder blades .
and whatever his name , whatever his past or ancestry , akiva was alive , and he was hungry , too .
she watched akiva 's face as she simultaneously gave him the undreamable depths of his own history , the greatness of his ancestry , the glory of the seraphim of the first age , and took it away .
a gothic cross between my shoulder blades for my maternal catholic ancestry , with psalm 23 scripted round it .
i do n't know much of his ancestry , so i suppose there could be some asian heritage .
despite her pale irish ancestry , her skin was golden with the most beautiful sprinkle of freckles across her nose and under her eyes .
her accent indicated a southern ancestry .
marc benoit was jamaican by ancestry and birth .
mike wondered if he had any neanderthal ancestry ( being northern asiatic . )
some of their ancestry can be traced back to the mongols , so maybe they re relatives of mine !
their colour , ethnic origins , and ancestry were largely forgotten .
i was shocked , i never once thought that my distant ancestry came from another place , somewhere beyond imagination and all reckoning that may not even exist any longer .
along with the tray of food , he brought both girls new clothing to wear , saying that their leather and fur tunics were , unfit for women of their ancestry .
a boy with undoubtedly the same ancestry was perched on the topmost barrel .
while at chow a few months back , joe had finally summed up enough courage to ask this unusual addition to the base about his background and ancestry .
i was sent to destroy liora henandez , a sephardia jew of spanish ancestry .
the news report suggested that dangchao 's jewish ancestry was the reason for his keen interest in getting a temple built in jerusalem .
like so much of the rest of mankind , rachels ancestry was too mixed to determine , but she had a deep skin tone that always made him want to run his thumb over it .
there were a few of egyptian ancestry , one or two of saxon origin , several that could have sailed directly from the thames , and one , that was up in a dry dock and well protected by a wooden canopy , looked to be a classic fishing boat of greek origin .
chase had never had much stomach for the caribbeans accent , they had deliberately kept it thick and , chase had always thought , stereotyped , to keep their ancestry alive , not such a bad thing considering victorians were mostly white , english people , and bring something unique to the universe .
to allay their fears of him , i told them nevin has the mind of a child and merely grew large because he has some troll blood in his ancestry .
the three peoples were very similar in appearance , as they had a common ancestry , and had joined forces to form a ruthless empire of conquerors called , the gorgull .
how can the scientists accept all of these alien civilizations and not see that there has to be an explanation for the common humanoid ancestry ?
owing to their rat ancestry , krillaz prefer to lair below ground .
with their ratty ancestry , krillaz are very prone to breathing difficulties .
day 27 i can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmic primordial globule .
sothat is my ancestry and , since all organisms on our planet derive from a common ancestral gene pool , it is yours as well .
the mans skin was blackened with dirt making it difficult to determine his ancestry .
reg ran his calloused dirty hand through his shaggy red hair ; his irish ancestry hidden under the layers of mine dust .
it did n't take long for avon to realize every question about her mother , her ancestry was about to be revealed .
gathering my resolve as best i could ( too bad i did n't have any fighting virginian blood in my ancestry ) i lumbered forward , approaching the rock formation .
the ridges on his arms told of a dragon ancestry as did the purple eyes and flying abilities .
well one of the dictionaries definition of family is all decedents of a common ancestry .
he can look at a skeleton and make a pretty good estimation of height , weight , sex , ancestry , lifestyle , and death .
everyone agreed that ladys ability to process language was well above the average chimpanzees grasp , even if her taste in food did betray her primitive ancestry , and the project was hailed as a big success .
that s not exactly a normal combination of names , especially with your ancestry in arizona .
` ` any genetic similarity may well be irrelevant though , '' pointed out jack , ` ` since you can already telepathically converse with ants that share a common ancestry with humans that is probably at least twice as ancient as your common ancestry with turtles . ''
` ` any genetic similarity may well be irrelevant though , '' pointed out jack , ` ` since you can already telepathically converse with ants that share a common ancestry with humans that is probably at least twice as ancient as your common ancestry with turtles . ''
she had dark skin and a curl to her deep green - brown hair that hinted at one or two hadrians somewhere in her ancestry .
took his irish ancestry quite seriously and i got more than my share of his genes .
mikkel was described as largely danish with some inuit ancestry , and eoin had made a note that intermarriage between the two groups was common in greenland .
maybe it was that same dab of danish ancestry that had given him his unusual height and made his being named for the giant of inuit legend all the more apt .
it was another evidence of his ungulate ancestry .
bill ching of the housing bureau was short , jovial and proud of his part mongolian ancestry .
raph paused to poke at the youngest of the children who rolled up to him , growling in mock ferocity with gleaming teeth - a black little bundle of thick fur , with the long , childish snout that had not yet broadened away from the shape of the animal ancestry of half a million years earlier .
do you know , administrator , that there is a great dispute among us as to the ancestry of gurrows ?
` ` i forget most of the details of what i once knew about hominid ancestry , but i can tell you quite confidently that adamewski would n't have found anything that looked like homo sapiens back there .
now he sat there , his broad cheekbones and round face bearing evidence of the approximately three - quarter admixture of chinese ancestry .
all the positronic brains ever made can trace their ancestry back to those first crude brains made on earth .
women being what they were , kodell had said , she might well have claimed distant and exotic ancestry to add to her glamour and her already formidable attractiveness .
` ` pity we do n't have a few pre - born in our ancestry , '' leto said .
of course he would know about the cursed harkonnen blood in his ancestry .
his name was given as tagir mohandis and he was descended from merchant engineers , proud of his ancestry and himself .
it recognized the deified paul atreides as that person who was everywhere simultaneously , the male bene gesserit who mingled both male and female ancestry in an inseparable power to become the one - with - all .
the reflexive and circular subjectivity of his visions had turned inward upon his ancestry , forcing him to relive portions of his terranic past , then comparing those portions with his changing self .
john 's black box - white box transfer put his life - his entire ancestry - into the computer .
the security officer was one of those who 'd come up through the fremen constabulary , winning his place on brains and proven loyalty despite the smuggler ancestry attested by his name .
the school sisters held back little from him , revealing there for the first time the fact of his atreides ancestry .
even on gammu , few admitted to either harkonnen or atreides ancestry , although the genotypes were visible here - especially the dominant atreides : those long , sharp noses , the high foreheads and sensual mouths .
should schwangyu dare bring in a prescient searcher to follow duncan 's tracks ( because duncan alone among them had no siona blood in his ancestry to shield him ) all of the marks would agree that they had come this way and fled off - planet in a no - ship ... provided ... ` ` but where are you taking us ? ''
was it from her atreides ancestry ?
but here in this room teg had reached a new awareness , driven by necessity and the wild genes in his atreides ancestry .
she had the ancestry that shielded her from prescience and could leave the no - ship .
she was a little over five feet tall , pleasantly plump , and of asian ancestry .
his profile in the light revealed the high cheekbones , aquiline nose and high eyebrows of his merman ancestry .
mack was not as surprised at brood 's ancestry as he was by the cold anger with which brood related it .
it 's part of our natural ancestry . '
now that he knew ruth was a wild chem , her ancestry heavily infused with storyship bloodlines , he found his feelings about her disturbed .
the people of the band showed only remote kinship with their human ancestry .
panille 's ancestry had been instrumental in human survival during the clone wars and after the departure of ship .
one whining intellectual ashamed of his islander ancestry , maybe capable of wholesale murder .
yannick , 98 , was discussing the ancestry of the soldiers on the halftrack in an overloud voice with wyman , 97 .
` ` this is a remark which i will now translate in the only way that may make sense to ones like yourselves of sol / earth ancestry .
in a flat splatting of gowachin grunts , mckie began describing the palenki 's probable unsavory ancestry , its evil habits , possible punishments for its behavior .
` ` why do you think it has anything to do with your ancestry ? ''
` ` the structure of the zygomatic arch , the brow , and the nasal bone are great markers for ancestry and race . ''
he stood a head taller than she did , though he shared the same black hair and aquiline nose , marking their common ancestry out of southern france , their families distantly related .
painter caught his reflection in the monitor and searched for his own ancestry .
` ` we know the tribes of israel had complicated ties to egypt , a mixing of ancestries .
at a bit over two meters tall , she was only slightly above average height for a martian male , but thanks in part to her polynesian ancestry , she weighed in at over a hundred kilos at one g. none of it was fat , but her muscles seemed to get bigger every time she even walked through a weight room .
` ` it started once , and everything we ' ve ever found shares that ancestry .
her almond eyes were black as coffee , and her features suggested a hint of asian ancestry .
he wondered if half of them were even aware of their own ancestry .
she said this with a sneer , and for the first time it occurred to cress that jina might truly hate her - for no other reason than her ancestry .
his high cheekbones , straight brow , and strong , narrow nose spoke volumes of his ancestry .
the slang were racial , targeting parents and ancestry .
bartholomew slides to the right the door scooting into the foyer that paints in mint green along with the theme of barons ancestry , which i learned from the book ( yeah , i study ) .
we have since learned that in order to operate the hammer , the one who wields it must have narian ancestry or else the hammer remains inert and practically unusable .
you have a long ancestry with the enchanted community , and do nt even know the power you re capable of .
i d never fit in anywhere and this all made sense , like it was a part of me or my ancestry .
having an eastern european ancestry he never understood why he inherited the lips of howdy doody .
their small abilities are simply echoes of the reavers blood infecting their ancestry .
wherever his ancestry hailed from was of little concern to the man while he calmly doled over raw data .
xenia would never choose someone with questionable ancestry as a conduit , kim retorted .
although you will not speculate on their agenda , i will speculate on their ancestry .
what about their ancestry ?
i say to sabine , common ancestry from an isolated population .
marked as a sinner , pax abjures her ancestry to save princes life .
it reacts to fae blood , making it extremely dangerous for anyone with fae ancestry .
your golden color refers to your ancestry .
cooper pointed to the mark surrounding her arm , very similar to this , i only have this mark because of my ancestry , traditionally the strongest of men bear the mark of the fighter , those selected to hunt and protect the village .
he had pressed al'ice for more information about where their people had come from , keen to know more of his ancestry .
` ` she has scottish ancestry going back a long way , '' stu said .
they were targeted for no reason other than their ancestry and the power lying dormant within their souls .
seeing the botkin revert to form before their eyes confirmed his ancestry , but questions remained .
really , it must mean that somewhere in your ancestry there is some fairy blood .
this ability appears to be evenly distributed by gender , ancestry , ethnicity , location , and socio - economic status with the exception that over the last few decades there has been a noticeable increase in the number of receivers among younger people .
and now you must know that even though you are not so black skinned as me , even though your ancestry is through a different line , your rootsall of our roots go back to that same small group of individuals who survived the destruction of the previous age .
the preponderance of spoken english certainly helped , as did enough variety of ancestry in the area for her to blend in and not always appear the outsider .
it was the girl with the east - asian ancestry who spoke up first .
` ` did n't mean to push my obsession with ancestry on you .
tall and lean , she was considerably lighter in color than her mother , though her high , well - defined cheekbones still bore the nobility of her dahomey ancestry .
first of all , some 50 million americans claim irish ancestry , and form the third largest ethnic group in the us .
his height and dark skin betrayed his mother 's tuareg ancestry .
a little older , he had olive skin and strong , dark features typical of his greek ancestry .
his full lips , straight wide nose and strong jaw suggested a slavic ancestry .
although he could trace his ancestry to native taino amerindians , french , spanish and west african sources , what percentage of each he had no clue .
but he was certain that whatever his human ancestry , that background had not included any dancers .
collar - length , dark brown hair , and exquisite brown eyes were the highlights of a gorgeous face that i surmised , was of japanese ancestry .
it generally depicted a south louisiana native wholly or primarily of afro - caribbean ancestry , usually of french - speaking heritage .
his not seeing what might have given him hesitation was understandable , as the theater industry still made it a practice then to hire black leading ladies of north african ancestry who could pass for caucasian in their black and white publicity stills with their straight auburn hair , aquiline noses and full , but not puckered lips .
astoundingly though , this was not at all coincidence , as mr geoffrey slush explained to me that he could trace his ancestry back hundreds of years and he was in fact a direct descendant of his grace back at st . malcolms !
he had brought this little boy into the world , and it was because of his jewish ancestry that the boy suffered .
but apparently you also have some other more obscure ancestry .
apparently , you picked up some non - european ancestry there that you did nt suspect .
what he saw was a young , slender man whose dark features betrayed his middle eastern ancestry .
he thought it had to do with them both having mixed up ancestry and muddled identities .
in part it was her and his mixed ancestry .
perhaps it was that he had inherited the best of his mixed ancestry .
a young boy with asthma , who had grown up beaten by his father , and taunted and bullied by the other kids at school for his flaming bright red hair , a legacy of his scottish ancestry .
but his grandmother 's ancestry contained equal amounts of filipino , spanish , german and french , with both of the latter having very fair hair .
it was obvious there had been a strong mix of european blood in his ancestry somewhere .
her black hair was in a page boy style around a face that was not fully filipina , suggesting a strong trace of chinese or japanese in her ancestry .
as he grew older , matured and gained inter - personal skills , he found he could use his mixed religious ancestry to his advantage .
you are of pure anglo - saxon ancestry , very rare indeed in this melting pot world we live in .
professor moran of course knew about veronica ever since he tested her blood for anglo - saxon ancestry in the toprak lab but this was their first meeting , how are you veronica , eri mean my lady , he said correcting himself .
gus was aware of shays ancestry .
it was her blood , my blood , our ancestry that would give me success .
there was a little black boy , another boy of latino descentlouis could nt be sure , and two girls , one white and another of chinese or japanese ancestry .
what s your ancestry , rob ?
i did nt know both blondes and baldies were in the same asshole ancestry database .
the asshole ancestry consists of many types of skull colors including bald , blondes , brunettes , black , and red - heads , skin tones of pale , yellow , black , brown , pink , and blue , cody sniggers .
i know you , she said , her accent only betraying the slightest hint of a puerto rican or dominican ancestry .
we discuss mikes new findings examining the ancestry of various breeds of domestic dogs , and then i decide to cut to the chase and pop the question that is on my mind : mike , i know that my father was involved in co - ordinating and contributing to an enormous number of research projects before his death , many of which i do nt know about .
` ` how convenient if the rumors about his jewish ancestry were true ! ''
if libby is to be trusted - which , admittedly , was a sizable ` ` if '' - it contained nothing new except the mumbo - jumbo about hitler being blackmailed by the jews owing to his tainted ancestry .
` ` then , pray tell , '' - dan beamed at me while delivering his checkmate - ` ` why include in the anthology hitler 's damning medical file and the allegations about his jewish ancestry ?
- added libby - ` ` so , frankenberg 's revelations about the documents handed down in his family about hitler 's possible jewish ancestry hardly constitute a sensation . ''
things got so bad that goebbels had to issue a stream of reminders to the press : no speculation regarding the fuehrer 's ancestry on pain of imprisonment .
` ` so , this whole thing is not about hitler 's ancestry .
she had african and european ancestry , but stronger than either of those ancestries was the work ethic of franklin and jefferson .
despite the aluminum braces on his legs , he carried himself with a resilient , vertical dignity that seemed more a by - product of noble ancestry than any kind of conscious effort .
` ` and if that 's true , '' rachel said , ` ` then the underlying ancestry of earth 's life - forms and extraterrestrial life - forms would be identical . ''
this dates our ancestry back a half million years .
then there is the speaker of the house , german ancestry , naturally , an aging gentleman who claimed conscientious objector ship during world war two .
her eyes were a remote chestnut , large with uptilted corners that revealed the asian blood in her ancestry .
his eyelids were vaguely sloped , bespeaking a slavic ancestry influenced by the tribes of eastern europe ; the eyes within them were calm , knowing , and somehow cold .
which was in stark contrast with her physical appearance , her curvy figure , black hair , dark eyes , and swarthy complexion representative of a cuban ancestry .
prejudice regarding her ancestry was nothing new - she 'd encountered it many times - but that did n't mean she accepted it gladly .
` ` you have a fascinating ancestry .
whites get aml more than nonwhites , and for some unknown reason , people of jewish ancestry get the disease -tnore than others .
from his hair and complexion she could tell he was , like most paraguayans , a mestizo , of mixed spanish and indian ancestry .
he took justifiable pride in his own ancestry , in the grand manor outside berlin that had been in the family for more than a century , the service his many illustrious forebears had paid to kaisers and prime ministers .
it was the stunning ballerina 's ancestry as well .
` ` i ' m curious as to where you trace your ancestry , '' mckenna said .
danny stood before sergeant mal ellenburg , whose distinguished career had n't been able to surmount his german ancestry during the war years .
they combined these traits with the mother 's valor and individual ancestry .
juliette glided across the room toward the bed , her body compact and graceful , her gaze focused and alert , reminding maryann of her jaguar ancestry .
though sorceri and witches shared a common ancestry , many of the sorceri class belonged to the pravus , an alliance of evil factions that warred with the vertas , the relatively good alliance that carrow affiliated with .
sophronia wondered if those eyes had to do with her werewolf ancestry .
jenks had a big mouth , and i did n't want him knowing of my suspicions of trent 's possible ancestry .
i was sure it was from discovering trent 's ancestry and not me standing in her kitchen with my blood pounding and my palms sweating .
dante 's voice held the trace accent of his eighteenth - century italian ancestry , but tonight the cultured tone bore a rough edge that said the vampire was restless and itching for action .
i would have sworn she had some demon in her ancestry .
lord maccon said something very rude , and possibly true , about countess nadasdy 's ancestry .
maybe trehan had horde blood in his ancestry ... ?
mrs . dawaud - plonk , alexia supposed , had some species of hearty leather armchair somewhere in her ancestry .
she 'd guess at an irish ancestry .
19 ` ` unlike the full spectrum of species in the animal kingdom , preternatural creatures share no common ancestry with humans - or any other natural species .
little do those humans know , their own red shades indicate some link to the vampire bloodline in their ancestry .
` ` have n't you ever wished you were n't discriminated against because of your mixed ancestry ? ''
same ancestry , but watered down .
all this time i 'd been focused on worrying that my ancestry would keep him from being with me .
a document that acknowledges your mother and her ancestry .
only two people besides me knew my ancestry and andrea was one of them .
he wo n't move until he has absolute proof of my ancestry .
he was about six foot , two inches , with a touch of asian ancestry , and had bright blue hair that he wore stylishly over his right eye .
she and i have spoken at length about this since i wrote that letter , but it appears she never passed down the knowledge of our ancestry to you . ''
cassie was not in the mood for another one of his lectures about their lack of knowledge , and unwillingness to learn more , about their ancestry and heritage .
ashe sat quietly in his seat at the back , knowing that he 'd react the same way if he were only now learning of his ancestry .
i grew up in la , and thanks to a multitude of factors including dad 's career trajectory , mom 's ancestry , and their collective net worth , i ' ve run in exclusive circles my whole life .
how could he , a being possible of great feeling , feel absolutely nothing after helping aid in the murder of an innocent , and an innocent with jinn ancestry ?
our elders had never been chosen by ancestry or heredity , yet your father still believed that your family 's house had somehow been wronged by history .
i thought it had a certain romantic dash , plus it hints at a possible french ancestry , which i might find handy someday .
there are packs out there that can trace their ancestry as far back to charlemagne . ''
some thorough research of my ancestry was in order , beginning with my father .
` ` ancestry bias . ''
` ` just because bodeker has dutch ancestry does n't mean he speaks it , '' cam points out .
an extremely distant relation of yours ; there is some ancient ancestry linking you . ''
she kept her hair straightened , past her shoulders , and shiny with a dozen chemicals , as if hiding from her ancestry .
attractive , she had sharp features that suggested a traditional european ancestry , but her deeply tanned skin and jet black hair suggested a more diverse background .
whether her perfectionism was a byproduct of her chinese ancestry or her own tenacity for perfection was anyones guess , but she knew that her own personal level of expectation came from hard work and a selfless dedication to the fruition of her lifes goals , and today would mark her first steps toward fulfilling her destiny .
many moons ago , when she had been much smaller , she had desired the skin of sabora , the lioness , or numa , the lion , or sheeta , the leopard to cover her hairless body that she might no longer resemble hideous histah , the snake ; but now she was proud of her sleek skin for it betokened her descent from a mighty race , and the conflicting desires to go naked in prideful proof of her ancestry , or to conform to the customs of her own kind and wear hideous and uncomfortable apparel found first one and then the other in the ascendency .
his tanned features displayed his italian ancestry , although an american citizen , he was born in londonderry , northern ireland .
or were they men of spanish ancestry ?
well , yeah , uncle jeff gave ricky and lex a long sideways glance wondering if karen had told these boys anything of their ancestry .
roman nose and pointed chin marked his ancestry well , and were it not for the scar that ran like a fault line down the side of his face , he might still have looked his age .
the disturbing part of their deaths was the secrecy of who he was and what his complete ancestry might be .
olivia was beautiful with long ash - blonde hair and pale blue eyes showing her mother 's swedish ancestry .
they were howling , their wolf ancestry very close to the skin now .
how absurd , how blinkered , how single minded to intimate animals and humans alike share the same ancestry ?
warden tiffany delany was of colored ancestry and jaw - dropping imagery .
periodically , i would spot a blonde , obviously with ancestry from the northern regions .
these races will come to discover a long lost secret about their own ancestry , their connection to each other and the realm itself , a secret that will change their worldforever .
they definitely have some of that ancestry in them .
i doubt if either of them know or care what either of their ancestry is .
nor would i , most likely , though my own ancestry was a lot easier to hide .
twice brad had come close to admitting his love aloud and had proven his love when one of the school loudmouths had made derogatory remarks about her looks and ancestry .
mabo descended from the ratel with dark mutterings regarding the carnal preferences of the occupant 's maternal ancestry .
to know you come from such a noble ancestry , yet must resign yourself to the simple life .
must be of importance , why else would ancient wisdom pay such close attention to ancestry even on the mothers side ?
green eyes come from icelandic and dutch , celtic and germanic ancestry .
very popular was one that explored peoples ancestry and lineage .
even if he were a tswana , there 'd be the awkward part , when a boyfriend had to recite his clan names to ensure that the couple did not share any ancestry .
the fact that she had jewish ancestry did nt help .
could humanities ancestry really be quite so grim ?
all i can say is she shares the same ancestry as you .
though blood and ancestry were shared between them , recent history was not .
finished with her meal , kate studied brody 's ancestry data while he , between bites of pepperoni and sausage , told about the conversation with simon rike .
half of her ancestry is dark elven .
she had traced her ancestry back at least thirty generations , using dna mapping of her ancestors bones , and a little imagination .
plus there s his ancestry .
' we may have a common ancestry , but we are nothing alike ... what did he tell you about us ? '
mum chose names that reflected her irish ancestry ; niall and aidan .
perhaps it is time i told you the truth about chaeli dresne or , rather , chaeli von ariser and her celestial ancestry .
during his life in leifsbudir , fastillion had routinely found himself the target of considerable prejudice because of his mixed and almost certainly illegitimate ancestry .
he was not the only villager of mixed ancestry , but the others had extensive family clans that help isolate them from potentially violent discrimination .
norsemen considered earthy tones as marks of skraeling ancestry unworthy of thanes or chieftains .
some of the men here would not consider you a proper woman because of your ancestry .
you have a handsome countenance to accompany the athletic prosperity of your body so that despite the uncommon combination of your ancestry , you are fast becoming a man who is second to none in stature .
cassie thought that she now understood what serenus had been trying to accomplish : if the intent of the law was to keep powerful witches away from weak masters , the panel was going to look like idiots if they tried to reassign her from sam mere minutes after the reveal that he was a full demon , in power if not ancestry .
i am of native american , asian , and hispanic ancestry , although i do n't identify culturally with any one in particular .
he wanted to know more about his heritage and ancestry , but there was no one there who could provide him with any information .
it is different for different people , and depends in part on their ancestry .
just another human with fey ancestry working for the grey detective agency , where we specialized in supernatural problems , magical solutions .
to him i was just merry gentry , a human with fey ancestry , not princess meredith nicessus .
her ancestry demanded it .
but her skin colour was just a herald that declared her deeds , her ancestry , her heritage .
' listen , i never really expected a lizard to have ancestry that i could insult , so ... ' ' yeah , ' bagagame grunted .
everyone was old - money boston and shared common mayflower ancestry .
her face favored her vietnamese ancestry more than her french , and she was beautiful , beautiful and hungry for brennan 's touch .
his skin was bronzed and looked more exotic in person , alluding to his rumored hispanic ancestry .
elvish ancestry .
lord hong regarded them with the expression of a man whose ancestry had bequeathed to him the ability to look down on everything .
he looked as though toast racks and deckchairs had figured in his ancestry , and the reason it was so obvious was his clothes .
it has already been indicated that rincewind appeared to have a certain amount of rodent in his ancestry , and in times of stress he felt an overpowering urge to make a run for his burrow .
something in its ancestry had given it a pair of eyebrows that were about the same size as its stubby wings , which could never have supported it in the air .
i realized that doyle refusing to acknowledge that his ancestry was similar to the fear dearg 's had insulted the fey .
i was a woman and not all human , so i had to uphold the honor of both my sex and my ancestry .
` ` you were one of the people helping him steal the life essence of women with fey ancestry . ''
it was thus the english printers who were really responsible for spelling kymry with a c. it is curious that this legal oppression of the welsh language should have occurred under the tudors , proud of their welsh ancestry , and in times when the authority and favour of the politically powerful were given to what we might call ' the brut and all that ' , and arthurian ' history ' was official .
unheeded language without pride or sense of ancestry may change quickly in new circumstances .
' i ' m sure you know your ancestry , commander .
he had expected his agents to have had some difficulty with the more lupine areas of angua 's ancestry , but it turned out that mountain wolves took quite a lot of interest in that sort of thing as well .
ashan might not have human ancestry in his background , but he knew what we feared .
mr fusspot 's mixed ancestry had given him a dexterity of jaw that was truly awesome .
sometimes these abilities appear in skaa - but only if that skaa has noble blood in his or her near ancestry .
the better , and closer , the noble ancestry , the more likely the skaa is to be a misting . ''
he wondered also whether the kung and queen of perelandra , though doubtless the first human pair of this planet , might on the physical side have a marine ancestry .
` ` the creature ca n't help its ancestry . ''
mostly to humans with fey blood in their ancestry , but you do not give the power of faerie to humans to be used expressly to harm the fey .
how cool , i thought , to have such a solid grip on your ancestry .
` ` you have some faerie blood in your ancestry , '' rhys said .
all the shifters i know can trace their animal ancestry back centuries . ''
` ` it could help us fill in any blanks in suzan 's ancestry . ''
he really is quite a gifted artisan - he 's even got a little human blood in his ancestry , which lets him somewhat touch iron .
even as he spoke , he was amused at finding himself so absurdly jealous of his ancestry , halfway around the world , in the company of men to whom it could be of no consequence whatsoever , when he had never trumpeted it among his acquaintance at home .
maybe it would have been better for them if they had had a history , an ancestry , even if it was nothing more than descriptive .
the same dark ancestry , the same stark view of the world , it made me see them alike .
( an anglo need not be of english ancestry and can refer to any non - latino white person . )
so it had been agreed that he would marry veronique , who belonged to one of the few families with as vaunted an ancestry as his own .
i know little about them , except they trace their ancestry through the female line rather than the male .
my grandmother says that my ancestry may also be the reason i have visions .
this besut had nt been a wedding - guest , he had gone along to lead the string of spare mounts ; he was black - boned of obscure ancestry or black - headed , that is a man with his hair in its native state who does nt wear a hat .
aristocracy , ancestry ?
and although his reputation never again rose to the heights of yesteryears , he still managed to save enough for an early retirement from such an occupation , unworthy of his illustrious ancestry .
truly , i was not at first too impressed with such news , after all we had had several messiahs in the recent past , but i could not think of one having claimed such divine ancestry .
she was a girl from a noble house , so she learnt to take life as it was , but she was taught to appear properly in accordance to her ancestry .
pastor baker had red hair , thanks to his irish ancestry , and a good heart .
how could it be , in a city with a sizable population claiming irish ancestry , that not one man of irish heritage was acceptable to mr . longenecker ?
westmores voice had a nasal quality to it , belying his mid - country ancestry .
yet when he looked at his reflection in the surface of the pond he found his skin was brown and with his black hair , he looked like a native with some white in his ancestry .
the girls face suggested at least some white ancestry .
centuries of invasions from persia and other kingdoms had resulted in a mingling of peoples of varied ancestries and the results were almost as beautiful as adalet , benjamin decided .
he flushed ; the reminder of his greek ancestry was her first misstep , and she knew just how unwelcome to him it must be .
i ' m sabine by ancestry , though i think most people have forgotten that .
funny people , those greeks , too , aranthur said , and forgot , as he nearly always did , his quarter - greek ancestry .
` ` oh yes ; i 'd forgotten he was sabine by ancestry , '' she said , though of course she had not forgotten it at all .
after all , his own mother , for all her royal ancestry , had been a british slave who had been taken and used by a saxon king .
he becomes friendly with a cuban woman of mixed spanish , black , amerindian and chinese ancestry who runs a botanica ( magical supplies and herbs ) .
the stamp of her existence was as plain and ordered as any other fairly healthy human being , with specific markers within it that would link her ancestry with her brother .
alexia valentine absorbed the appearance of her fresh ancestry deep into her being and at that moment , wraithlike revelation of whom she now was , stunned her into absolute wonderment .
directly after birth i was snatched away and given to a fostering family who were paid handsomely by my grandfather , the baron george bthory , to raise me as one of their own on the condition that i was never to be made aware of my true ancestry .
and not a sentiment associated with our ancestry .
it was a blessing , our ancestry , my mother had said , although it was weaker in me than in her , for my father had been mortal .
werewolf descendants of his ancestry were extremely tall .
with her werewolf ancestry , she looked like a demonic werewolf , crazed and uncontrollable .
when she pointed out that he was pretty dark for someone of scottish ancestry , he d told her of his indian heritage .
she traced her ancestry back to the mayflower .
nobility and some aristocratic ancestors in her ancestry lent her an array of distinctively good looking features .
because harvey was not a hunting man , he found it all just a little too primitive , too close to his animal ancestry for his liking .
that is my problem ... so i set out to investigate the various social groups based upon common ancestral , social , cultural experience or ancestry and religion .
her eyes were a light emerald green , and , for the life of me , i just could not work out her ancestry .
i sat in silence for the rest of the game until we went off the air , at which time i sat and endured a foul mouthed , bigoted attack on my ancestry .
pleasantly surprised , of course , and with the right sort of cultured tone , implying thousands of years of noble ancestry .
he realised he would only be truly accepted by his new countrymen if his ancestry became invisible .
he was tarquin de vere , a peacock whose ancestry was impeccable , if judged by bloodstock alone .
the additional problem of an influx of uncontrolled ethnic groups has caused law - abiding , tax - paying citizens of long - standing local ancestry feel even more that they have no voice .
malcolm g , ( real name ebeneezer j. wampy ) was a tropical avian of mixed ancestry .
her layers of self that covered this imaginatively supplied the black man that was her father with reasons , reasons pertaining to his own personal ancestry and additionally to evil white society , reasons that caused him to not always interact positively with sara , her mother , and sara 's brothers .
the two species came from a similar ancestry , but due to evolution , eventually chose to trod different paths .
the japanese family questioned the koreans ancestry ; the koreans commented on how cheap the material of princesss handbag and sweater were , but all of this was taking place under three layers of politeness , such that nobody looking on could have any clue whatsoever what was happening .
` ` our family , being of ancestry line xyz and distinguished lineage abc , does most respectfully exist in the four thousand year neighborhood of g -- - , located on the i line ` ` duty being what it is to our extended corporate ties to mno chaebol / conglomerate , we do deign to ` ` presumption being made , the assumption would be that such offer , having been considered in all possible lights , can only lead to yet this was of course exactly what did nt happen ; it was all self - denial and self - family depreciation , underneath of which was only the malice and hopes for improvement .
but their divergent ancestry had nothing to do with the animosity between the two families .
although my wife is a thoroughly liberated woman , she does have some residual family pride and can be a bit touchy about any denigration of her genteel ancestry .
he helped his patient trace her ancestry , and they unearthed some evidence to support his hypothesis .
about his ancestry he had apparently been reticent , but maud had established that he lived in hampshire , fell out with his father , and emigrated to start a new life .
if my two grandfathers were not a successful french expatriate businessman and a british officer in the colonial army stationed in the protectorate i suspect that even with my privileged ancestry poverty would have still been my fate .
mitochondrial dna has since been used to not only track certain genetic diseases but also to trace the ancestry of a variety of organisms , including humans .
the petite , sturdy , strong frame , small in the waist and shoulders , with nearly non - existent breasts , a high little shapely behind , and plump , well - formed calvesenviable legs , as if her ancestry had included east asian , and not white american , blood .
like most americans , and in spite of his polish ancestry , he had always pictured poland as a land of flat steppes .
or perhaps i was simply obsessed with people being forced to overcome their ancestry .
he had the fine - honed features of his scot - irish ancestry , firm and sharply defined .
where , by royal declaration , he must not only prove his ancestry to inherit the title but to also prove his intent for the use of estate .
its long nose and mouth , from its collie ancestry , moving slightly as its eyes switched looking from one eye to the other of rod .
no mention was made , of course , of his birth name , brijainder-3 , nor were any allusions entertained regarding him being the spawn of an unscrupulous stevedore and a prostitute of uncertain outlander ancestry .
for mr . ellison , despite african - americans numerous historical examples of it , the idea of someone not having even one minute piece of knowledge about their paternal ancestry was unconscionable .
she then made some remark about the beasts ancestry and anatomy .
she did nt end up a tall woman , and with her ancestry that s no surprise , but back then , she looked much older than me .
and since i have slaves in my ancestry , among the rogues and rous , i know something about slaves .
` ` my ancestry is all mixed up , but at least there is enough scottish in it for me to get along there . ''
` ` i have a mixed - up ancestry too . ''
returning to the use of the enhanced voice , she then said to all , ` ` it is , therefore , necessary that all with any ability at all , of whatever ancestry , be annexed with familiars today before we move on .
my skin is too dark to be considered fair , somewhere in my scottish ancestry there must have been an italian or someone else of mediterranean descent .
there were also references to georges ancestry in general and his possible relationship to the canine family .
then mark grew angry and proceeded to recount his opinions on bubbas own ancestry .
delilah could not determine his ancestry from his features or complexion but assumed it was european based on his surname , possibly spanish and something else .
colonel barbellini has the proper ancestry and political connections in italy to make him acceptable to the turkish right .
he had a shock of blonde hair and light blue eyes showing his germanic ancestry .
we were nt close , and i did nt mention it to the club members because i had no desire to share my ancestry with them .
william and mary madison had lived in the islington area of north london in the early years of the nineteenth century , had displayed none of the exotic ancestry of their earlier royal namesakes , and had succeeded in only further thumbing their nose to that particular crown line , by going on to produce five children , none of whom either managed to live beyond the age of thirty seven , or to roam further than the boundaries of highgate and hampstead .
although gareth could nt tell the mans ancestry from his face , the dead man wore armor and clothing like the other men they d encounteredand killedon the road from dolwyddelan .
she s allowed there because she claims her ancestry as european .
if not for one small glitch in her family ancestry , she 'd have been handed over to the kore women 's center for breeding .
and arthur was neglecting his young date to glare at martin as though my husband were saying derogatory things about arthur 's ancestry .
he debated telling the truth now , telling lonny about the will and lettie lang and her ancestry : that she was almost certainly a rinds instead of a tayber ; that her people were from ford county and had once lived on the land owned by sylvester ; that it was highly probable sylvester was in fact her grandfather .
in 1795 , julian fedon , a black planter of mixed french ancestry , led an uprising inspired by the french revolution .
something in his ancestry , he assumed .
he 'd charmed the russian people with a sincerity they found compelling , even his american ancestry was seen as a positive factor , world leaders expressing relief that a nuclear superpower would be ruled by somebody with an international outlook .
he had wanted to do a nod to some of his irish ancestry on his late mother 's side , so his new persona was called connor malloy .
sometimes we 'll adopt to get new blood because we need it since all our horses ' ancestry is mustang . ''
on ben 's other side was an attractive , older woman with a proud smile and clear hispanic ancestry , her arm also around ben but her body was turned to him , tucked close to his side with his arm around her .
she also had high , rounded , extraordinary cheekbones that gave testimony to a fact everyone in town knew , she had native american blood in her ancestry .
his swarthy complexion and blue - ringed eyes indicated rodyte ancestry .
she could live her life here in london , as a wife and , hopefully , a mother , without the haunting shadows of her ancestry and country .
of course , it might also have been his italian ancestry .
her waist length black hair , dark skin and bone structure hinted at her native ancestry .
but surely pam did nt yes , she did , although she was willing to overlook my ancestry , as long as i kept my job .
he could nt afford to risk losing her now , and he might if nathaniel innocently told michael about the childs ancestry .
when you find this treasure , there will also be a chart showing our family ancestry .
he had travelled through time and been on adventures , survived dangers , found his family and discovered his ancestry .
why her kids rarely visited their great mother to hear about their remarkable ancestry was beyond valeria 's comprehension .
she had very interesting skin coloring and i could nt help but ask what her ancestry was .
luciana kensington was a stunning and exotic woman , with a long - line of blue - blood ancestry on her father 's side .
then , despite knowing that i sentenced myself and the slaugh to death i said in a voice full of , respect and dignity fit for my ancestry as a jinn ` ` marchioness iona , i violated one of the most sacred orders .
i swear the kincannons must have greek ancestry somewhere .
but then a lot of americans have english ancestry . ''
in fact , she is so strong i often wonder if there is not peasant stock somewhere in her ancestry . ''
being of a practical nature , he was n't sure if he had a handle on charm , but he might if he could channel the french part of his ancestry .
they called him by the name of the child they had lost - that was common - and i do n't suppose anyone wanted to call attention to his ancestry by recording the new child in the parish register .
hard worker , good cook , and norwegian ancestry preferred .
they were probably already analyzing her ancestry to learn where she came from .
` ` so i inherited this survival mechanism and my ancestry was hidden .
some mundanes do naturally possess true sight , usually credited to fey blood in their ancestry , though no direct connection has ever been proved .
this included their ancestry , which was important , as well as their accomplishments ... their status as well as their abilities .
her skin was a smooth , pale brown , like heavily creamed coffee , hinting at some exotic ancestry .
then the symbol of each ancestry , and the potential for dramatic change , and consequence .
` ` have any greeks in your ancestry ? ''
and just like she had at seventeen , she 'd tied his gut up in knots so crazy an eagle scout with houdini ancestry could n't get them undone .
maybe someday she 'd work up the courage to confide her half - breed ancestry to her new friends , if they all managed to stay here under colin 's ownership .
colin disapproved of her ancestry , which meant she needed to stay out of his bed or risk further heartbreak .