at the mention of a third child , aidan swallowed hard , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
pesh 's adam 's apple bobbed up and down as he swallowed hard .
the apple never falls far from the tree , dear . ''
just finish your milk and gobble up those apples . ''
she stopped by to say hello to dolce and give her an apple , then moved on down to greet her father before she headed up to the main house to find rais .
she was picking up apples from a fruit vendor , putting some of them into a sack when something to the side of her made her glance right .
with one hand , she reached out and grabbed the apples that were in the basket behind her .
the man was too busy dodging the apples to attack , which gave dana the ability to get into position .
with his bleeding nose still gushing , she aimed one more apple at his head which caused both his hands to go up , protecting his face .
she was in one hundred degree heat , she 'd probably short changed a fruit vendor after pinging a bad guy with his apples and she had two murderous thugs on her trail .
the kids brought her dandelions and apples , colorful pictures of their house , family or pets .
but then he lifted his bottle of water to his lips and her mouth fell open as she watched the muscles in his neck while he drank down the water , her lips aching to kiss the tanned skin on that neck , explore the adam 's apple there and move ever so slowly downwards to touch the ridges in his abdomen .
` ` here , '' he said , handing her an apple .
she asked , looking at the large red apple in her hands .
she looked down at the apple again , then at the stables .
she continued to ask him questions about horses while feeding one her apple , finding them more fascinating than she 'd thought .
rocco patted the horse again before moving on to the next stall and handing brianna another apple .
she 'd crammed half a loaf of french bread and an apple into ethan 's hands as he ran out the door to meet jamie in the south pasture .
` ` a blt , heavy on the mayo , a side of fries and a slice of apple pie . ''
you 're the apple of dad 's eye .
he pulled out several sandwiches , some trail mix , an apple and an orange .
she selected a sandwich , the apple , and the trail mix , and tucked the rest back in her bag .
born in connecticut of afghan parents , raised as american as apple pie for her first twelve years , she 'd traveled to the country of her parents ' birth to attend the funeral of her grandmother and there disaster had struck .
` ` i 'll have a cup of coffee and a slice of that apple pie i saw on the way in , '' carl said .
` ` peach or apple ? ''
` ` apple . ''
elissa rubbed the horse down with a brush , then fed her an apple , enjoying how the horse nibbled on the palm of her hand .
she continued to talk to the horse as she offered jemima the apple she 'd brought from the kitchen .
the horse immediately took a large bite of the apple , taking half of it in her mouth and chomping while elissa spoke soothing words and patted her neck .
` ` making an apple pie . ''
there were handmade ornaments , tree toppers , garlands , homemade treats , fresh cider , hot chocolate , and apple doughnuts .
the apple doughnuts smelled like heaven in a pastry .
we huddled in our coats with our apple doughnuts from heaven and our cups of cider as we weaved through the trees .
we ate apple doughnuts for dinner , listened to cheesy christmas music , and made the tree as tacky as possible .
i relaxed into my seat on the sofa and sipped on my hot apple cider .
` ` apple doughnuts , '' declan said before i even had the chance to ask what they were .
he was reaching for an apple as he spoke .
` ` half an apple pie . ''
` ` apple pie is my favorite .
when he 'd heard of the passing of steve jobs of apple computer it had been like a kick to the gut .
meg sat at the dining table and munched on an apple as she booted up her computer .
an apple a day was better than nothing .
` ` i can offer you sprite , mountain dew or apple juice , '' she said over her shoulder .
i 'll have the apple juice . ''
` ` apple juice , right ? ''
how was she going to survive the journey back , with rock - the seductive apple from her garden of eden - sitting right beside her the whole time ?
suave stood at the door , baseball cap in hand , already dressed in a light jacket and carrying her lunch kit of healthy snacks - carrot sticks , apples , raisins and rice cakes .
` ` want piece of my apple ? ''
` ` i do n't want no apple , '' she muttered then folded her little arms and began to pout .
the eight girls were already seated in a neat row , munching on apples , carrots and sandwiches as they watched the boys ready themselves for lunch .
the big man did n't move as he watched her from across the room but his grip on the counter did not relax and when he swallowed his adam 's apple bobbed like a dinghy in distress .
ten minutes later she was back with bottles of water , boxes of crackers , a couple of oranges and apples and some plums .
he crunched on one of the apples but when that was gone he turned away from the food .
she walked over to the garden bench that had been set in the shade of an apple tree .
` ` i thought you might like some apple pie . ''
in one dream , he took her horseback riding , and afterwords ate her out under an apple tree , only to have her push him away .
they were magically vibrant , with shades of emerald , green apple , and evergreen .
the only movement in the room was logan 's adam 's apple as he swallowed .
` ` i smell ... apples .
green apples . ''
i can taste the apple in it .
the little girl , about three years old , held a huge red apple in both hands and looked up hopefully at her mother .
` ` that 's a lovely apple .
the mother picked up the apple and handed it back to sophia before passing over the two pounds and fifty pence she 'd been clutching in her fist .
` ` please , allow me , '' sophia said softly , adding the apple to the mother 's shopping bag .
the little girl 's face lit up when she saw the apple go in the grocery bag .
the server came over with a plate of apple pie and that was the end of the brief , yet awkward exchange between marshall and me .
he smelled the apple pie as soon as he opened the door .
she even included half of an apple pie that was still warm .
daniel did as he was told , and rosie placed a quarter of an apple in his hand .
daisy stretched her neck , smelled daniel 's hand , and gently took the apple from his flat palm .
daniel took the apple and fed it to the big chestnut beauty .
emily could tell that the apple did n't fall far from the tree in his case .
after a tepid shower , she grabbed an apple for breakfast and headed to the door , pulling on the thick leather coat sam had given her that first morning .
` ` i had an apple .
she 'd take them out for a long ride tomorrow , and bring extra apples for all of them .
she topped off her meal with an apple , then stuffed several into her coat pocket to take to her beauties .
she was eager to show these to sam and she hurried through the cool down period , giving all the horses an apple as she passed by them .
she took out the fruit instead and munched on the apple , accepting that she 'd have to go out once again so she could get plates , bowls , utensils ... everything she would need to start over again .
she had n't eaten anything since an apple earlier in the morning , the afternoon too busy to stop for a sandwich so she was particularly famished at the moment .
an apple as she was walking out of the house to work counted as ' something ' she thought silently .
not that she was going to list her apple as a meal , but she was n't lying to him .
she gasped as she tasted the tartness of the balsamic vinegar and sour apples along with the gooey brie cheese .
he handed her an apple and a carrot , then stuck several sugar cubes into her pocket .
his statement did n't help her figure out what he was about but she knew from reading that horses liked apples , carrots and sugar so she guessed that they were for the horses but as bribes ?
` ` how about if you give her the apple ? ''
the mare nuzzled her hand and took a small nibble of the apple , then once she realized what it was , she took a larger bite , eating half the apple in one swallow .
the mare nuzzled her hand and took a small nibble of the apple , then once she realized what it was , she took a larger bite , eating half the apple in one swallow .
` ` i saw them eat the apple so you ca n't tell me otherwise . ''
for dessert , there were simmered apples and some sort of crunchy but sweet topping in one of the pots with a caramel sauce in another .
` ` how about a sour apple martini ? ''
laci strolled about , not caring that he probably did n't have the ingredients for a sour apple martini - if he even knew what they were .
` ` how in the world do you know how to make a sour apple martini ? ''
she asked , taking a bite out of the crisp , green apples he had packed .
` ` apple ? ''
` ` i ca n't believe you 're suggesting apple pie , '' she admonished .
` ` what 's wrong with apple pie ? ''
have you ever tried to make an apple pie ? ''
what 's your point about apple pie . ''
you have to have the perfect apples , ' he explained .
` ` if the apples slices are too thick , they do n't cook all the way through and are too hard .
mushy apple pie is not worth the effort , '' he explained .
` ` i do , '' he said and ordered a slice of lemon meringue and apple pie with ice cream on top .
` ` the real test of an apple pie is n't the apple slices though .
` ` the real test of an apple pie is n't the apple slices though .
gus put the two pieces in the center of the table and they ate off both plates , enjoying the sweetness of the lemon meringue against the richness of the apple pie .
he spread out a feast of sliced ham , three different types of cheese , crisp apples , sliced passion fruit , pineapple and a bottle of white wine .
he brought with him 10 apples .
` ` there are always bad apples , allard .
she knelt in the floor , picking up apples and placing them back in the bowl she 'd obviously tipped over .
` ` and the apples ? ''
` ` who pays four dollars a bloody apple ? ''
sasha hopped on the table and grabbed an apple , polishing it on his shirt before he took a bite .
sasha took another bite of the apple before setting it down beside him .
only without the poisoned apples .
` ` apple does n't fall far from the tree in that family . ''
` ` try this : apple blossom with sweat pea .
that , in truth , the apple did n't fall far from the tree .
he lowered his nose to her hair and took in the scent of her shampoo - apple .
they rounded the corner and katrina 's eyes caught sight of what had to be the car he was speaking of , a candy apple red ferrari .
damon 's gaze lowered and his jaw clenched as he peered upon her black lace panties fully visible to him - an erotic contrast to the candy apple red hood of the car .
the sweet smell of apples washed over him .
the doctor forgotten , he buried his face into her apple scented hair and continued to hold her .
` ` i was thinking along the lines of apple pie , chocolate tartufo , and strawberry panna cotta ?
apart from his adam 's apple bobbing , the people he was conversing with on the video would n't have any indication as to what was going on below the desk .
and an apple pie . ''
` ` unless you decide to stay with soren security and fill my shoes , you can thank me when you 're all hired into the upper ranks at microsoft and apple . ''
his adam 's apple bobbed .
it was wonderfully crisp and light , like apple juice but not as sweet , with a slight kick of alcohol .
the crack of his teeth slicing open an apple made me cringe .
the half - eaten apple lay on the kitchen table .
my eyes roved over the walls , where i pasted photographs of some of my favorite corporate designs : apple , google , facebook , and yahoo .
but i turned down an interview at apple six months ago .
another waitress passed by with a piece of apple pie .
` ` ooh , is the apple pie fat free ? ''
` ` i 'll have a piece of the apple pie .
the waiter julian had stopped to talk to earlier appeared with a tray of food , including a plate of hamburger and fries for julian - he 'd told camille that he loved the american delicacy - and a slice of apple pie with a side of vanilla ice cream for camille .
amazingly she had picked up all the pieces at auction and she loved how right the arrangement looked to her eyes ; the three chesterfields upholstered in shades of cream and peach and a very pastel apple - green , the marble coffee tables with their subtle swirls of peach , the complementary pattern in the main floor rug ... but the lawyer from brazil was not admiring any of this .
they were both persuaded to order the divine - sounding apple and brandy souffle served with a lemon and kiwi fruit compote to finish off the meal .
his new grandson was definitely the apple of his eye .
she wore a more modest bikini in a pretty apple green , a zimmerman design featuring feminine little frills on the side of the bra and across her hipline , bought by dante but chosen by her .
she fell in love with the apple green pantsuit and his raking look of male appreciation and resounding , ' yes , ' set her heart fluttering with wild excitement .
it is not in the usual pale pink normally reserved for baby girls , but banana yellow with green apples all over it .
you are in the big apple and you 're not going out ? '
i take a deep breath , let the scent of green apples filtering out of the air freshener plug - in fill my lungs , before i go to my bedside drawer .
i tinge the apples of my cheeks with pink .
my eyes are drawn to his adam 's apple .
in seconds , she saw herself and travis as kids , sneaking out to the barn to give the horses apples .
a singer on stage , backed by a small orchestra working to evoke the feel of the big band era crooned about apple trees and lost loves .
she grabbed connor 's sippy cup , filled it with apple juice and stood up again .
` ` imagine - merrick 's girls standing beneath that tree as ripe for plucking as apples from a branch .
on it were some pieces of the same fowl and bread that she 'd been eating , along with some apples and a chunk of cheese .
picking up a shiny red apple , she sat down on a fallen log , just beyond his reach , but after a few minutes of casual conversation , she began to feel perfectly relaxed in his company and oddly light - hearted .
she bit into her apple , her expression quizzical .
helping herself to another bite of apple , she said cheerfully , ` ` in any case , lord balder does not share your disinterest in jewels .
` ` it has always seemed to me , '' he mockingly observed , ` ` that what tempted him was an apple , in which case , ' t was gluttony that caused his downfall , not lust . ''
` ` and there 's so much one can do with fruits like apples , pears , and quince , but i 'd need honey and almond and dates for the glazes and , canel , too , but as i said , there 's little to be found of any of that in the kitchens . ''
jake swallowed twice , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down in his long , skinny neck .
as if by mutual agreement , everyone else began talking at once , drowning out margaret 's voice , but whitney heard snatches of what she was saying to clayton and the other couple : ` ` ... disgraced her father ... scandalized the village ... '' the servants began to distribute baskets of cold chicken , ham , cheese , and apples and pears .
suddenly an alley cat screamed and bolted off a fruit cart , sending an avalanche of apples rumbling into the street .
he looked at her as if such a possibility were absurd , as well as impossible , then he tossed the core of the apple he 'd been eating into the grass beside the road .
pale , apple green silk covered the walls and the windows and floated gracefully from the bed 's canopy , held in place by shimmering golden cords and tassels .
31 situated in st . james 's square behind a dark green canopy that stretched from the front door to the street , the strathmore catered to a relatively small , highly select group of the nobility who preferred to gamble in more luxurious surroundings than the glaringly lit , noisy game rooms at white 's , and to partake of better fare than the tasteless boiled fowl , beef steaks , and apple tarts served at brooks 's and white 's .
lisa bit into her apple and nodded .
at lunch the next day meredith was sitting in her usual place , outside , huddled in her coat , eating an apple and reading a book .
he watched meredith walk down the aisle toward him wrapped in apple green silk , followed by katherine and sara in identical gowns , all of them beautiful and smiling and serene , as if they , like zack , sensed the absolute rightness of what was about to happen .
with a half - formed idea of using apples to befriend them , victoria went round to the back and asked directions to the kitchen .
` ` may i have two apples and two carrots if you can spare them ? ''
the woman glanced uncertainly at the man in the white apron , who was glowering at victoria ; then she disappeared into another room adjoining the kitchen , returning a minute later with the apples and carrots .
victoria reacted automatically , hurling her apples and carrots to him in a desperate effort to distract him from his obvious intention of eating her .
` ` i think it was a- '' she watched as the gray beast trotted stealthily back to the garden and gobbled the apples and carrots ; then it ran back into the woods , its bushy tail still between its legs .
she went back to the kitchen and requested another apple , some carrots , and a plate of table scraps .
outside the study door , victoria straightened the skirts of her apple green muslin gown , knocked softly and then went in .
mrs . craddock straightened from her task of rolling out pastry dough , so eager to hear what he had to say that she ignored the fact that he snatched an apple from her work - table .
o'malley leaned against the wall and helped himself to a large bite of the juicy apple , waving the uneaten portion in the air for emphasis as he spoke .
in morose silence , he finished his apple and reached for another , but this time mrs . craddock whacked his hand with her towel .
` ` snop snitching my apples , daniel , they 're for a pie i ' m makin ' for dessert . ''
` ` no , go ahead and take the apples .
on december 19 , thornton had bet stanley pound100 that he could n't eat two dozen apples at one sitting .
she followed the asparagus with a small helping of peas in cream sauce , pork stuffed with apples , lobster in a pastry shell , and then blueberries .
` ` there 's no place i 'd rather stay especially if it means more of your apple cinnamon pancakes for breakfast .
* * * stuffed with apple cinnamon pancakes , they headed to brook farm state park for a day hike .
the sweet smell of fresh apple pie greeted him when he walked in .
from where he stood it looked like roast beef and roasted potatoes , and there was half an apple pie on the counter near the coffee pot .
nobody can compete with ma 's pot roast and apple pie . ''
jake tells me you make the best apple pie he 's ever tasted . ''
christopher grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and headed for his office .
the hint of cinnamon apples drifted toward him , and his mouth watered .
his plate was piled high with french toast covered with caramelized apples , just the way he liked it .
taking the seat next to him , lauren started on her own breakfast , french toast minus the apples .
jeremy stood over my bed , biting into an apple .
now leaning over the kitchen island , he bit into an apple and nodded .
i continued to chop an apple , smiling and laughing under his embrace .
it 's apples and oranges . ''
` ` baby , you 're the one holding the apple . ''
it 's apples and oranges .
he crushed her harder into him , his hand burying her face in his neck , every convulsion of his adam 's apple , every break in his ragged voice a shock wave of misery and desperation .
underneath it , a striped top in the same colors buttoned down from his adam 's apple , stretched across his chest , crisscrossed by bronze metal belts .
theos , selene - you thought ... '' he stopped , his eyes blazing , his adam 's apple working .
i eyed the plate of snacks she was carrying : apple slices with peanut butter .
hunter swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
aunt caroline was slicing apples in the kitchen for an afterschool snack .
if you could find it and get some into a dish for the boys ' apple slices , that would be super .
i took it out , globbed some peanut butter into a dish with a spoon , and set that in the middle of the plate of apple slices .
` ` i do n't remember the last time i had apple slices with peanut butter , '' hunter said .
` ` did you guys finish the apple slices ? ''
a couple of cab rides and a trip to the apple store later , i had a gift for jax .
a whiff of apples caught on the breeze , a scent he 'd learned to recognize as maddie 's .
just the faint cling of her apple scent that seemed to be everywhere - in the bed sheets , in the closet , in the air .
` ` i ' m ... '' he took a step toward her and she could see his adam 's apple bobble as he swallowed .
i kissed along his throat before sucking lightly on his adam 's apple .
hudson 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
` ` gabrielle 's father is a real mover and shaker in the big apple , '' cole put in and winked at me .
the whole place smelled like pine trees and apples .
as if my thinking about him had caused him to appear , when i was on my second apple martini , bruce 's gaze became riveted by something over my left shoulder .
not a great idea after two rapidly consumed apple martinis .
i asked and sipped my very yummy apple martini .
` ` alright but then you also drink some apple juice . ''
` ` so , mac and cheese , celery sticks with peanut butter and apple juice .
as the waiter set a piece of warm apple pie with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream in front of lexi and a healthy slice of chocolate cake with raspberry sauce in front of hope , a phone started ringing .
` ` good , now give me a bite of that apple pie . ''
` ` i made a cherry , an apple , and a blueberry . ''
` ` tsk , tsk , '' lexi offered from across the kitchen as she caught him slipping the generous piece of apple pie onto his plate .
another trailed close behind it down the apple of her cheek , followed soon by another as her crying picked up again .
she trailed behind lexi , grabbing an apple out of the basket of fruit on the kitchen table .
` ` the apple sure does n't fall far from the tree . ''
` ` because the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
` ` like i said , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
we walked over to union square and wandered through the farmer 's market , stopping to buy cups of cold apple cider to quench our thirst .
claire took the last sip of her apple cider and crumpled up her cup .
` ` well , this curvy broad would love something harder than apple cider .
jackson grinned as he started eating his apple tart .
i took a bite of my bread pudding and the apple tart was instantly forgotten .
` ` joshua , we need to make a stop at the apple store so miss sinclair can pick something up , and today 's her birthday . ''
joshua dropped us off in front of the apple store .
as i was cutting a slice of apple pie , andrew walked up behind me .
as i picked up a shiny red apple , i heard someone speak .
i looked up from the shiny red apple to a french - speaking man .
please take that apple . ''
i smiled as i began to walk away , holding up the apple .
i turned around and gave andre a small smile and then bit into my apple and continued walking down the street .
` ` i met him at the fruit stand this afternoon when i was looking at the apples .
andre laughed as he threw him an apple .
did he realize that the apple did n't appear to fall far from the tree on the control issue ?
i knew i did n't have much experience with different men , but the experience i did have was like comparing apples and oranges .
she served the crunchy dried banana and apple with sprinklings of cinnamon and cloves .
she 'd made apple pie from scratch and baked it by the time amelia entered the kitchen with the volume tucked beneath her arm , and a thundercloud hanging over her head .
admittedly , it was worse with haidar , qorrat enha - the apple of her eye , and she was downright vicious in what she 'd done to roxanne .
in that generation only one apple did n't turn out rotten .
he watched her apple green gaze roam over the shelving .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
the lingering aroma of a roast chicken dinner followed by apple pie clung to the bedroom upholstery , along with a thousand other homemade meals and laundry loads .
at least that was her mom 's story - sophie had quietly told her that she 'd gone armed with apple pie and homemade jelly on each mission .
` ` roast chicken , pork ribs , burgers , meatloaf , turkey , eggs and ham , apple pie , cake ... and cookies .
gage crossed to the rear of the store and swiped a green apple from a basket on top of the deli counter .
` ` i 'll pay you later , '' gage said , biting into the apple .
` ` i thought you were starting your diet this week , '' gage said , taking another bite of the apple .
` ` if you ask me , you could use a sandwich like this instead of an apple . ''
he 'd never had apple butter ; he was n't even sure what it was .
in one , luis saw a two - headed little girl carrying a basket of apples .
buy as much stock in computer technology as you can right now , especially apple .
she picked up an apple and knife and leisurely began cutting .
she snatched three oranges and two apples , stuffing them in the crook of her bent elbow , under her chin , then attempting to take three more in a jugglers grip .
she began shining an apple with the hem of her shirt .
she shook her head at the apple , then held it in two hands as she lovingly took a bite with her little white teeth .
nicole sat on the back of a dusty wagon , absently eating an apple shed bought , trying to decide what to do .
my mouth was inches from his throat , from his bobbing adam 's apple .
filip called , ` ` the apple did n't fall far from the tree . ''
there were baked apples , fruit pastels - a kind of russian turkish delight - and sirniki , a cheese pancake with a side of honey for dipping .
hello , big apple .
he tasted like beer , and apples , and something inherently max - like .
i asked , taking a bite of apple .
horne 's face shrivels up in a grimace that makes her look like a dried apple .
i can see his adam 's apple work as he swallows hard .
she saw charlie 's adam 's apple move in his throat and clenched her hands into tight fists at her side .
she pressed a kiss to his adam 's apple .
a light scent of apples and cinnamon lingered in the air and he 'd known he was on the right track .
he swallowed hard and she wanted to press a kiss to his adam 's apple , wanted to run her tongue over every inch of his body .
` ` the apple does n't fall far from the tree , '' she said , her back to her father .
and then she made the mistake of looking back at logan , and it took superhuman strength to pull her eyes away from his fingers on the pop tab , his lips on the aluminum rim , his adam 's apple moving beneath his tanned , lightly stubbled skin .
a low growl vibrated in his throat and she watched , mesmerized , as his adam 's apple moved in his tanned throat .
` ` they took most of the new skin from my legs , just peeled it off like an apple . ''
she certainly did n't need an entire bag of apples or a big bunch of bananas .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and his hands fell to her hips .
just because her body did n't have the sense god gave little green apples did n't mean she had to let it rule her choices .
` ` but you make a mean apple pie .
if he was going to get stuck jumping through hoops , he wanted some apple pie , damn it .
` ` well , thanks for a lovely evening , '' she said , shoving back her chair and standing , while ty laughed hysterically and ryder swiped chunks of apple and piecrust off his face .
feeling devilish , she pointed to a pair of candy apples , sitting next to each other on their paper doilies , and said , ` ` those are nice and smooth , shiny . ''
i was talking about candy apples . ''
trying to think fast , she chopped and threw some apples in the saucepan .
` ` i ' m not giving up , '' rebecca growled , though her apples had gone mushy .
completely opposite to her expectations , her apple syrup was delicious .
for the final ' taste ' she 'd made upside - down apple tart with dollops of homemade cinnamon ice cream .
the tart and tender apples complemented the crispy puff pastry as if god had invented them for this pairing .
buckwheat pancakes with apple syrup it was not .
his head tipped back with pleasure , his adam 's apple standing out .
` ` it is the dessert , however , the simple , satisfying genius of toothsome apple tart topped by handcrafted cinnamon ice cream , that deserves to become this establishment 's signature creation .
trey 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
sweet , black - haired zoe with her apple br**sts and her soft gray eyes that no one could read but him .
the tendons under his arms were tingling from alex 's massages , his adam 's apple hummed from his kisses , and the back of his knees had gone sensitive from a stray caress .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple jerking in his throat .
gritting his teeth , he dumped the melting ice cream into the sink and grabbed an apple from his fruit bowl .
his friend 's throat arched back on a strangled moan , his adam 's apple standing out like stone .
and there , on the baby grand piano , was a bucket of apple cider and , beside it , an early home pregnancy test .
` ` i wanted to prove to your grandmother that i was smarter than she is , so while you 're giving her private lessons here , i ' m taking my own at the apple store .
` ` she 's been coming to the apple store with me .
` ` sara , when i ' m finished with joy , i ' m going to be baking a second set of apple pies for my booth at the festival .
the scent of apple pie permeated the air , and a warm , tingling feeling filled sara , making her wonder if this was what she 'd missed growing up without a mother .
joy , the woman sara had met at angel 's yesterday , walked by and purchased an apple pie .
i do n't know about you but i could go for some apple pie . ''
` ` how about some apple pie for two starving men ? ''
` ` apple crumb or apple pie ? ''
` ` apple crumb or apple pie ? ''
` ` two apple pies , coming up . ''
` ` she was so proud of how well she was selling and how much everyone loved her apple pies . ''
` ` all i was doing was selling apple pie . ''
sara had noticed on entering that the house smelled warm and welcoming , like apple pie and family , making her smile .
she asked over her mother 's fresh - baked apple pie .
there was a guy with a banjo who was n't half bad and then another girl with a guitar who sang an original song that actually had the lyrics , ` ` you 're the sun in my sky , the apple of my eye , '' and by the time i was on my second drink , it looked like open mic night was going to crash and burn .
well , the apple did n't fall far from the tree in this case .
the apple and the snake .
his eyes darkened , his nostrils flared and his adam 's apple bopped .
she smiled at connor , watching as his adam 's apple bobbed .
she 'll for sure try to poison my baby with a bad apple , i know it .
` ` i guess the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
` ` trees and apples , apples and trees , i do what i want , we do as we please . ''
` ` trees and apples , apples and trees , i do what i want , we do as we please . ''
` ` ... and bring your dollies three ... climb up my apple tree ... slide down my rain barrel ... into my cellar door ... and we 'll be jolly friends ... forever mooore ... '' we both shut our boxes at the same time , our mimickers slowly backing away to the centers again and sitting down as the covers closed over their heads .
his thumbs are rubbing the apples of my cheeks and when he leans in , i ' m sure he 's going to kiss me , but instead he plants his lips on my forehead and rests there for a few long seconds before pulling back and smiling at me , that dimple in his cheek on full blast .
i pet her neck and smile when she nudges my face with her muzzle asking for apples .
` ` you can have apples in a few more days . ''
i brush a tear off her cheek with my fingertip , then cradle her face in my hand , rubbing my thumb over the apple of her cheek .
he swallowed hard , making his adam 's apple slide along his throat .
and he could ' ve called me by the name of any fruit in the world right now ... apple , grape , kumquat , banana ... and i ' m fairly sure i would n't have even noticed , because he was touching me .
he swallowed hard , making his adam 's apple flex at his throat .
i 'd finished off my dinner and was debating between apple pie or the slightly more sane bowl of berries , when a messenger arrived at our table .
as it turns out , it 's the apple fritter that seduces me , and as i pay for it and an extra large latte , the little bell on the door jingles and lisa walks in .
his fingertip traced the apple of my cheek , ran beneath the swell of my lower lip .
something cold and sharp touched my adam 's apple .
his stomach heaved , his adam 's apple bobbed , and i brought the bucket closer to him .
davie 's adam 's apple bobbed when he swallowed .
the taste of the mulled apple cider , rum , and spices gladdened her like a familiar smile .
it was the doctor 's recommendation , ian , '' she said when she saw his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed thickly .
` ` apple and cherry . ''
he knew james would be near ian 's side for every second of the press conference , always ready to show absolute support for that apple of his eye , his tragic , perfect grandson .
she swallowed , feeling the weight of her pearls on her adam 's apple .
i ' m being invited to the big apple for dinner , a movie and a little bondage ? ''
` ` it 's not as if i ' m going to strut around the big apple in this get - up only , '' she said , gesturing to her lingerie ensemble .
as she mixed the hipster 's drink - some vodka , some apple juice , a splash of apple brandy - a new customer sat down .
as she mixed the hipster 's drink - some vodka , some apple juice , a splash of apple brandy - a new customer sat down .
` ` he 's working out of the big apple now ? ''
got any oranges or apples ? ''
grabbing three oranges and an apple , he headed back to the living room and tossed the first orange in the air , then the next , then the next , finally adding the apple .
grabbing three oranges and an apple , he headed back to the living room and tossed the first orange in the air , then the next , then the next , finally adding the apple .
then she returned , and his jaw dropped , and the apple smacked the floor with a thud .
she snapped and pointed to the oranges and the fallen apple .
he grabbed the apple , tossed it high , then threw the oranges and juggled them round and round for at least a minute , his full concentration on keeping the quartet in the air , and impressing her with this skill .
he dropped the bruised apple into the basket , grabbed another one , and walked to casey .
` ` i am so impressed with your skills , '' she said as he crunched into the apple .
he draped an arm around her shoulder , and she snuggled in close as they finished off the apple .
she watched his adam 's apple bob up and down .
her brown eyes lit up her entire face , and the apples of her cheeks got a pinkish color to them that gave her a sweet look .
and as for stefan march , when you play him , which sure as god made little green apples you will , you 'll get even for what he just did .
` ` i was looking for an apple .
i had to fight the urge to lean over and press my lips to the part that had been covered by the shirt and tie and slide my tongue up over his adam 's apple .
i traced a line from his adam 's apple to the hollow right above his sternum , drawing circles in that place where his skin was so soft .
you were the apple of his eye .
` ` tilt back , '' she ordered sweetly as she pushed my head back to shave over my adam 's apple and under my chin .
this shit was going to turn over a whole lot of fucking apple carts , but i ' ve never been one to let convention stand in my way .
i took her to the mall and directly to the apple store where i proceeded to spoil her .
she consented to an apple and i guess i had to be satisfied with that .
as i ' m slicing up a couple of apples , a new thought suddenly occurs to me .
even the appearance of his adam 's apple made her salivate now !
she added a few apples and a couple cans of green beans , but that was about the extent of her shopping budget for the week .
she laughed as missy placed a tray of sliced apples on the table and the older kids begged for potato chips instead , saying they were too old to be eating baby food like apples .
she laughed as missy placed a tray of sliced apples on the table and the older kids begged for potato chips instead , saying they were too old to be eating baby food like apples .
missy shrugged her shoulders at that argument and simply put extra apples on ethan 's plate , her oldest that was turning ten this winter .
meanwhile , victoria happily ate her own apple chunks that had been cut up so she would n't choke on them , oblivious to the older kids ' machinations .
a moment later , victoria reappeared and climbed into her chair , waiting patiently as kristen cut up an apple into bite sized pieces .
i have n't seen you around lately , '' kristen said as she ate her own apple , smiling after bob refused one himself .
for dessert there was a small , perfectly warm apple pie and kristen sat back , feeling full but somehow still offended that victoria could n't stop talking about how good the chicken was .
` ` apple martini . ''
so close that he could n't tell if he heard or felt sam 's adam 's apple bob up and down before he white - knuckled the doorknob and turned it , letting the door swing open into the room .
sam 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
sam swallowed , adam 's apple bobbing up and down his throat .
he held apples in his hands - judging the merits of different varieties ?
looks like you 're so busy thinking about nothing you ca n't give me your opinion on apples . ''
` ` no , that one 's red , '' sam waved his hand at the right apple , ` ` and that one 's green with red splotches . ''
he started to put down the red and green apple .
when he could n't squelch a tiny grin , ian seemed satisfied , finally turning back to his apples .
for four apples ?
he 'd nicked his adam 's apple , bad .
people did n't drink apple juice out of highballs , and they did n't put ice cubes in .
easing himself out slowly , he tracked the motion of tierney 's eyes and the way his adam 's apple bobbed .
father 's adam 's apple bobbed .
we were in the kitchen , sitting at the table , eating apple slices , and cheese on sesame crackers .
max took a sip of his white russian , then reached for another slice of apple .
how 's the big apple treating you ? ''
noah closed his eyes and kissed my fingertips , his neck arching as i continued down his chin , and further still , to lightly caress his adam 's apple .
scarlett was the apple of her daddy 's eye .
i hung his latest drawing of a kangaroo on my refrigerator and grabbed an apple .
the apple does n't fall far from the tree , vitale . ''
the room smells like baked apples , instead of lysol , and there are no ticks and beeps emanating from everything .
many of them gesture toward me talking about how i was the apple of his eye .
her skin is creamy and pale , except for the apples of her cheeks which are flushed pink .
when i 'd watched her bend over my bike and set the helmet on the seat , i wanted to bite into her ass like an apple .
he swallows , his adam 's apple bobbing .
but no teasing me about my love of sour green apple icees . ''
five pounds of seasonal fruit - but not all apples or pears .
his bright blue eyes were wide , darting from face to face , and his adam 's apple worked on a swallow as he waited for all the people seated across from him to get settled .
` ` is there a sweetie - wife or girlfriend - baking apple pies and waiting for you on the front porch back at home ? ''
she rose to her tiptoes and gave him a loud smacking smooch on his adam 's apple .
she rubbed a shiny red apple across her chest before she took a big chomping bite .
` ` that apple actually looks good , '' trevor said .
i much prefer tasting the apple from you . ''
gemma kissed his adam 's apple .
i forgot to- '' drink all the cooking sherry in the pantry , ` ` -check the apples for worms- '' ` ` -do n't worry , i got it handled .
he dabbed up every single sugared crumb of the delicious piecrust from the pie tin , sucking the sweetness of the apple filling from the pad of his thumb , lost in thought .
an underlying hint of apples and caramel and sugar .
she licked his adam 's apple .
he 'd always chalked up his reasoning to the old adage that one bad apple spoiled the whole barrel , but now he had to admit his line of thinking was seriously f**ked up .
aj licked his adam 's apple .
an angular face - apple cheekbones , pointed chin , broad forehead and a generous mouth that hinted of native american ancestry .
she saw six canisters of formula , three bags of diapers , a gallon of milk , a bag of apples , a six - pack of beer and a chocolate cake .
chassie kissed his adam 's apple .
i ' ve even got a fresh batch of apple dumplings from the diner . ''
they finished off the caramel apple dumplings at her dinette table .
she kissed his adam 's apple .
but her conversation with martine bobbed to the surfaced like a rotten apple .
kane fixed grilled soy cheese sandwiches and sliced up carrots and apples .
the apples of her cheeks .
` ` to having fun in the big apple . ''
i ' m down to root vegetables , apples and some herbs . ''
` ` this is a pine sweet apple . ''
` ` ah , this is the tree that lays the golden apples . ''
` ` those are just plain old red delicious apples . ''
the apples , another two weeks minimum .
her lips slid free and she kissed his chin , the side of his neck , his adam 's apple , the hollow of his throat .
he eased off first , then kissed the corners of her mouth , the apples of her cheeks , her temples and between her eyebrows .
sierra touched the apples of rielle 's cheeks with a soft brush .
the appetizer course - a caramelized apple and onion tart topped with brie - was followed by the chopped salad course and ended with chicken and noodles - rory 's favorite .
` ` pumpkin cheesecake , apple strudel pie , lemon honey cake , peanut butter pie , chocolate caramel brownie .
a subtle scent of apples and cinnamon wafted over them as the heater kicked on , stirring the candle - scented air .
` ` like pork chops and fried apples ?
` ` and the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
a scar runs the length of his neck , right below his adam 's apple .
oh , dear god , that question came out sounding like i was asking him for an apple pie with my mcdonald 's combo .
` ` apples do n't fall far from the tree , cher .
but just like with any group of people , there were always one or two rotten apples .
` ` i 'll go get us some apple cider , '' she said .
alexei came into the kitchen while lacey was making a second batch of apple cider .
you want your apple cider refill now ? ''
but then she cleared her throat and put a mind to refilling alexei 's mug , making sure to add a slice of real apple and a stick of cinnamon .
i ' m sad he 's missing out on this apple cider , too .
but he definitely did n't feel like her brother that hot afternoon when he watched her plump , heart - shaped butt swaying back and forth underneath her jean shorts as she walked out to the shed with a green apple and a stack of sci - fi books .
she 'd recently splurged , downloading all three seasons to the apple tv device josie bought her for christmas , and she 'd been enjoying re - watching her favorite television show from back in the day - this time without any commercial interruptions .
then she moved up his chest with one long lick that culminated at his adam 's apple .
` ` try this one , '' she said , handing him a candy apple .
astrid quickly learned eating candy apples with fangs was n't an easy thing to do .
she laughed as he tossed the apple into a large white garbage can .
` ` he 's fine and would appreciate it greatly if you 'd drink more apple juice . ''
` ` i 'll have twelve big macs , two filet - o - fish , three double quarter pounders with cheese , four apple pies , six large fries , and a large vanilla shake . ''
she knew more about police corruption than any human had a right to , and though she 'd always thought of the seattle cops as much more honest than others , there could very well be more than one dirty apple in the barrel .
envy is just gnawing away at you like a worm inside a juicy apple . ''
you do anything to irritate me and i 'll make you eat that golden apple you love to throw at people .
there was even an antiquated apple computer on the desk by the crates , and an atari hooked up to the tv .
earlier today , we 'd been out in the orchard , trying to find fresh apples even though it was past season .
` ` i would like to meet him , '' he said as he peeled an apple with his knife .
the leaves were a bright , breathtaking green that was punctuated by the golden apples that burst with sweet , succulent taste .
as i watched him inhale the scent of an apple before he added it to the bunch he 'd picked , i was struck by how much he 'd changed these last few months .
while he picked the apples , he reminded me of a squirrel as he jumped from tree to tree , gathering his treasure .
after he was done , he brought his treasure to me and laid it out in a circle so that i could choose which apples i wanted first .
he asked as he lay on his side , watching me eat my apple .
he looked away , disappointed , as he toyed with his own apple .
the blade whistled through the air , narrowly missing the man 's adam 's apple .
` ` apple juice would be a godsend . ''
he handed her another bottle of apple juice while he took a swig of his beer .
ash remembered the last time he 'd eaten an apple .
retrieving her weapon again , zephyra held her dagger against his neck , just below his adam 's apple .
how he wanted a bite of her apple ... ...
` ` do you still prefer your steak served with onions and stewed apples ? ''
savannah glanced over her shoulder and smiled as her daughter , reese , walked into the kitchen , swiping a wedge of the sliced apples savannah had intended for a pie off a plate on the counter .
she had picked the apples from her very own orchard .
she kissed reese 's forehead and whisked an apple wedge from the plate , poking one in her own mouth .
plopping herself down on top of the kitchen table with the remaining apple slices , reese asked , ` ` when will the new guests arrive ? ''
swallowing against the lump of fear in her throat that felt the size of an apple , ronda 's wide brown eyes clashed with acutely intense blue ones .
put apples on their heads and use them for target practice with a bow and arrow ? ''
yeah ... but while he could easily take a bite of that apple , he knew he 'd be hungry again as soon as he finished .
because he was n't craving apples .
there were only a handful of people around and he let her take his hand and feed him cotton candy , candy apples , funnel cake , and corn dogs .
` ` with or without a roasted apple wedged in his mouth ? ''
his adam 's apple moved hard against his throat .
they 'd decided to meet a decade later under the golden apple tree in draiksulia - if she still felt the same way , and if he could obtain an antidote for her .
when his adam 's apple bobbed , she peeked down and found his shaft growing .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing , his piercing gaze sweeping over her body - as if he was deciding what he wanted to do with it first .
his adam 's apple bobs as he swallows thickly .
` ` in case you have n't noticed , no one looks at you , '' jay says , slapping his chair down with a loud clap and reaching for his apple .
jay takes a bite of apple and shrugs .
he looked at his arms , at the apples in the snow , at the ice - blue sky , and at the path in front of him .
i push up onto an elbow , wanting a sharper memory of how it felt to draw my tongue down his chin and over his adam 's apple .
but instead of kissing me goodbye and heading out the door , he pulls me out of bed and shoves an apple in one hand , a tiny cup of espresso in another , and tells me that we have a shared , free day ; an entire sunday stretching clear ahead of us .
inside the canvas bag , ansel has packed bread and cheese , apples , and tiny chocolate cookies and we find a bench in the shade - we ca n't picnic on the grass here - and devour the food as if we have n't eaten in days .
draw this apple .
` ` an apple . ''
jace took a bite of the apple ; juice ran down his hands and sizzled in the blue flames that cuffed his wrists .
jace set the apple aside and picked the disk up curiously .
he bent and retrieved the half - eaten apple off the floor , looked at it for a thoughtful moment - then cocked his arm back and threw it as hard as he could .
the apple sailed through the air , hit a shimmering silver wall , and burst into a corona of molten blue flame .
there were bread and cheese , slices of cake , apples , and even a bottle of wine , which max was not allowed to touch .
he watched aline touch jace 's wrist with her fingers as she reached for a piece of apple , and felt himself tense .
alec reached down to pluck an apple off the table with a gloved hand .
` ` i just came back to get - him , '' he said , gesturing toward simon with the apple .
there was a bowl of fruit on the table - oranges , apples , and pears - and a loaf of thick bread along with butter and cheese , and a plate beside it of what looked like ... cookies ?
she picked an apple out of the bowl on the table and sank down next to him , curling her legs up under her .
she took a bite out of her apple .
clary sat up straight , almost dropping her apple .
with a frown clary set her apple core down on the table .
clary took an apple out of the basket on the table and sat down as isabelle , across from her at the table , scanned the note silently .
clary picked at the apple peel in silence - she could n't imagine actually eating the apple , or , in fact , eating anything at all , ever again .
clary picked at the apple peel in silence - she could n't imagine actually eating the apple , or , in fact , eating anything at all , ever again .
` ` like the evil queen in the fairy tale , lucian graymark has sent me a poisoned apple .
it was a dark , beautiful thing , jace thought , even when sebastian lowered the point of it so that it rested above jace 's collarbone , just nicking his adam 's apple .
girl found dead police say they are pursuing leads in the death of fourteen - year - old maureen brown , whose body was discovered sunday night at eleven p.m. stuffed into a trash can outside the big apple deli on third avenue .
luke swinging her up to perch her in the fork of an apple tree on his farm upstate was one of her earliest memories .
clary ordered a piece of apple pie ; simon ordered a mix of hot chocolate and blood .
his teeth slid , razor - sharp , into the vein at her throat like a knife slicing into the skin of an apple .
its contents had n't changed - bottles of blood , a defrosting pound of ground beef , and a dented apple .
simon sat on the back porch steps of the farmhouse , looking down the path that led through the apple orchard and down to the lake .
they 'd play ` ` apple baseball '' in the orchard , which was messy and fun , and scrabble and poker in the farmhouse , which luke always won .
if the angel struck him down with fire , his ashes could sift through the apple orchard and over the lake .
he put a slice of apple in tavvy 's mouth .
he had spread out provisions : bread and chocolate , nuts and granola bars , water and bruised apples .
jace swiped an apple , sliced it expertly in two , and offered half to clary .
their first kiss had tasted of apples .
she woke up slowly , out of mellow dreams of warmth and fire , the smell of hay and apples .
` ` hold on to me , '' alec said , and magnus gave him the sort of smile that made alec feel like someone had taken an apple corer to his heart and tried to dig out the center .
with as many things as we had to stress over , it would be like looking for an apple in a pile of apples .
with as many things as we had to stress over , it would be like looking for an apple in a pile of apples .
the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
jasmine asked , quickly cleaning away the boxes of apple juice and animal crackers .
the house smelled nice , like roasted apple .
the wardens had been created to wipe the lilin off the earth back during the times of eve and that damn apple .
` ` this is familiar , '' announced a smooth , cultured voice as a door swung shut behind us and the faint scent of apples teased my nose .
i breathed in the faint scent of apples and pumpkin , committing the smell to memory .
like apples .
the apples of her cheeks almost matched her hair .
the trip had been good for me and mom had loaded us up with baked goodies - the first apple pie of the season , two pumpkin rolls , and fresh bread .
some people believed the apple never fell too far from the tree .
` ` and maybe even a slice of apple pie , if you 're a good girl and you stop arguing with me . ''
` ` i ' ve never had apple pie , '' i blurted out .
` ` you ' ve never had apple pie ? ''
never had an apple pie ?
it had been hard to sit through breakfast with him without feeling like a dumbass for last night , but he did n't bring anything up , and the slice of apple pie that i 'd eaten was freaking delish .
she never had apple pie .
our gazes held , and yep , that shiver increased , because he was saying something entirely different that had nothing to do with waffle house , tequila , or apple pies .
` ` can i have apple juice ? ''
i sucked a huge gulp of my apple juice and had barely recovered by the time reece stepped inside the house and jax closed the door .
i glanced at jax for some unknown dumb reason , and when he nodded , i sucked up more apple juice , found the box empty , and sighed .
` ` i do n't want any more apple juice . ''
she tasted like warm summer sunshine and crisp apples .
sunshine and f**king apples .
` ` i ' m about to pull the apple pie out of the oven and run it over to the new neighbors .
i had n't thought about momma and her apple pies .
i watched as he swallowed hard and the hint of his adam 's apple moved .
` ` i have chocolate chip cookies and apple pie in my kitchen , fresh outta the oven .
mama t gave me chocolate chip cookies and apple pie .
so i had an apple and some celery sticks for lunch .
his eyes flashed and he swallowed so hard i could see his adam 's apple move in his muscular neck .
i had apple cobbler to make and pasta salad to fix before lunchtime .
apparently my mom went to welcome them - an apple pie in hand and me clinging to her leg - and derek greeted us in a pink polka - dot dress .
they exchange glances , and then my dad 's adam 's apple bobs with a hard swallow .
i picked up a silver platter and sniffed a slice of apple pie .
caden 's adam 's apple protruded as he dropped his head back against the rock ledge .
caden 's head tilted back , his adam 's apple protruding sharply as he broke out in boisterous laughter .
` ` apple juice .
warm scents of apples and cinnamon wafted through the air .
i watched quietly as he stared up at the sky , his adam 's apple jutting out provocatively .
besides , it 's way better than knowing you and julian ... '' his voice drifted , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
i felt his adam 's apple bob against my forehead as he swallowed .
ben 's head tips back to take in the blue skies with a smile , and i ca n't help but notice his adam 's apple protruding from his neck .
` ` well , sorry to disappoint , '' i offer with a heavy sigh as i bite into an apple that jack dropped off earlier , before heading out .
` ` i guess ben did n't fall far from the apple - well , orange , '' she holds up a fruit- '' tree in that regard . ''
i catch the bob of his adam 's apple with a hard swallow .
i can see his adam 's apple bob from here .
` ` you two still watching each other 's backs in the big apple ? ''
no , travelers would never come to this place run by immigrants who 'd decided to take a bite out of the big apple .
as my thumb slides over his adam 's apple , and his mouth trails kisses all along my neck , i close my eyes and let my head rest against his , weightless and floating in his midst , under his control .
his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows .
propping myself up onto my knees to get a better view , my eyes drift over his lips , his jaw line , his adam 's apple .
i catch his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
his adam 's apple bobs with his swallow .
i can tell because he falters , and i see his adam 's apple bob up and down as he swallows .
his adam 's apple bobs with a big swallow .
from the few comments that my dad made about his temper and how he ` ` taught '' my dad to fight , the apple did n't fall far from the tree .
his adam 's apple is jutting out at a sexy sharp angle and i ca n't help myself .
four cups of coffee and two pieces of apple pie later , i watched the black sedan pull out of the parking lot and head left .
and in the other , an apple on a small white plate .
she took a big , wet , crunchy bite of the apple .
boy , this apple was good .
she took another bite of the apple .
her hand had been sticky from the apple , but mary jane had n't noticed .
the trees were filled with apples , and their meat was white , and the tubers and roots we pulled from the earth were white and it was paradise .
we need another apple .
` ` there 's a bowl full of apples over there , you want me to get you an apple ? ''
` ` there 's a bowl full of apples over there , you want me to get you an apple ? ''
there was a great roasted boar 's head , with the apple in its mouth , and the suckling pig surrounded by fruit on its steaming silver platter .
it was paradise , it was eden , it was the golden time that all peoples speak of , a time before the gods became angry , a time before adam ate the fatal apple , a time of bliss and plenty .
now dolly jean looks like a withered apple , but they say she is very quick . ''
i saw before me a ripe green apple .
as she let my hair go , i picked up the apple and , frantically searching for the basket , trotted forward to put the apple in it .
as she let my hair go , i picked up the apple and , frantically searching for the basket , trotted forward to put the apple in it .
i went desperately at my task , finding another apple , and another and another , and becoming anxious and frenzied when i could find no more .
i was rushing after the others deeper into the orchard , the grass prickling my penis and balls , and once again i had an apple in my teeth , and the phallus stabbed me towards the waiting basket .
i tried to find the next apple on my own , hoping the tool would be withdrawn , but i was tumbled forward by it and could not reach the basket quick enough .
the phallus drove me this way and that as i piled up the apples , until the basket was quite full and all the slaves in a little flock were sent scampering to another stand of trees ; i was the only one driven by a phallus .
it tortured the tender insides of my thighs and even my throat as i scooped up the apples .
we searched in vain for more of the apples .
against the ramparts far to the right , giant wheels turned slowly , spread - eagle slaves going round and round , their enflamed thighs and bu**ocks targets for apple cores , peach stones , and even raw eggs from the crowd , while several other slaves hobbled along at a squat behind their masters , necks tethered by two short leather chains to their widespread knees , their arms stretched out to support long poles with baskets of apples for sale dangling from the ends of them .
against the ramparts far to the right , giant wheels turned slowly , spread - eagle slaves going round and round , their enflamed thighs and bu**ocks targets for apple cores , peach stones , and even raw eggs from the crowd , while several other slaves hobbled along at a squat behind their masters , necks tethered by two short leather chains to their widespread knees , their arms stretched out to support long poles with baskets of apples for sale dangling from the ends of them .
i was being pelted with half - eaten apples , crusts of bread , the soft crush of raw eggs as the shells exploded against my bu**ocks and back and shoulders .
she snapped her fingers for the awakening slaves to come to her , and as they gathered around her on their knees , sore bu**ocks back on their heels , she gently fed them bits of fresh peach and apple with her fingers .
` ` good girl , '' she said stroking the chin of a lovely brown - haired princess as she put a bit of peeled apple into her eager mouth .
chapter 21 beauty : courtly life in all its glory beauty , properly gowned and bejeweled , walked back and forth across the room , eating an apple , only now and then tossing her long sleek mane of blond hair over her shoulder and glancing at the robust and splendidly dressed young prince who had come to her father 's dreary castle to court her .
she threw away the half - eaten apple .
tessa had a sudden , flashing image of a bright piece of candy with something dark at its center , like a worm at the core of an apple .
his face was wrinkled and white , like a mold - covered old apple , and his eyes were gleaming black between thick folds of skin .
he was busy polishing an apple on his shirtfront , and appeared not to notice tessa glaring at him .
he grinned at her around the apple .
` ` leave it alone , '' said will , setting down his apple and rising to his feet .
my ex - boyfriend bill had told me once that to him the fae smelled like his memory of the taste of apples .
before the sun goes down , i snatch food from the cupboards and the refrigerator : two dinner rolls and raw carrots with the greens still attached , a hunk of cheese and an apple , leftover chicken without any seasoning on it .
queen victoria was on the throne of england , but she was not yet the black - clad widow of windsor : she had apples in her cheeks and a spring in her step , and lord melbourne often had cause to upbraid , gently , the young queen for her flightiness .
when he was fifteen he hurt his arm falling from the apple tree outside mr . thomas forester 's house : more specifically , from the apple tree outside miss victoria forester 's bedroom window .
when he was fifteen he hurt his arm falling from the apple tree outside mr . thomas forester 's house : more specifically , from the apple tree outside miss victoria forester 's bedroom window .
` ` they say that mister monday himself is counted amongst your admirers , '' said louisa thorn to victoria forester one afternoon in may , in the apple orchard .
five girls sat beside , and upon the branches of , the oldest apple tree in the orchard , its huge trunk making a fine seat and support ; and whenever the may breeze blew , the pink blossoms tumbled down like snow , coming to rest in their hair and on their skirts .
the afternoon sunlight dappled green and silver and gold through the leaves in the apple orchard .
` ` a flurry of hastily suppressed giggles amid the apple blossom .
` ` the other girls shrieked , and flung handfuls of apple blossom at her , and none shrieked more loudly , or flung more blossom , than victoria forester .
tristran thorn , at the age of seventeen , and only six months older than victoria , was half the way between a boy and a man , and was equally uncomfortable in either role ; he seemed to be composed chiefly of elbows and adam 's apples .
` ` tristran packed a bag , and his mother brought him six red , ripe apples and a cottage loaf and a round of white farmhouse cheese , which he placed inside his bag .
tristran produced the cottage loaf , the ripe , red apples , and round of cheese - hard , tart and crumbly - that his mother had given him .
and although the little man eyed them both suspiciously , he wolfed them down and licked the crumbs of bread and cheese from his fingers , and munched noisily on the apple .
` ` apples .
` ` you done me a good turn , '' he said , munching a crisp apple , ` ` and i does n't forget something like that .
he was considered most peculiar in his needs and requests , for he brought his own food and drink into his rooms , and kept it locked in a wooden chest , which he would only open to take himself an apple , or a wedge of cheese , or a cup of pepper - wine .
he was in an apple tree , staring through a window at victoria forester , who was getting undressed .
unfortunately the old woman seemed to take no food she did not gather or trap herself , and while he contemplated leaving a steaming pie at the door to her house , made of ripe apples and lethal baneberries , he dismissed it soon enough as impractical .
when their talk turned to someone named riora , he traced to another pair - a figure in a hooded cloak and an older woman carrying a red apple .
he traced back toward the woman with the apple and the girl mariketa .
he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple working .
he 'd tossed away her headdress like an apple core !
when he eased her skirt up , his adam 's apple worked in his throat as if he dreaded what he might find .
she lifted her chin , and chase hesitated- she took advantage , snapping her head forward , knocking him in the adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple bobbed as if he was picturing the latter option .
she dug her claws in around his adam 's apple , but he would n't fight back .
kisten 's adam 's apple bobbed as he drank , and he exhaled loudly as he lowered the bottle .
pushing myself up , i screamed , ` ` drop the kid , or i 'll turn your balls into apple dumplings ! ''
` ` apple dumplings ? ''
chunks of marble the size of apples and melons littered the sidewalk .
the smell of mushrooms pulled his eyes open , and as the woman 's muffled voice complained of the elaborate precautions this last week , he looked over the racks of roots and tubers , baskets of apples , and bottles of wine - and row upon row of jars of organic baby food .
lilly looked at the table , her fingers spanning the little red apples the plastic and felt tablecloth was decorated with , horror making it hard to breathe .
` ` that was sweet of you , '' i said , and he swallowed , making his adam 's apple shift .
` ` and for god 's little green apples , do n't blow anything out in the process . ''
` ` i would n't give a horse apple for the son of a kalamack , but jenks is a fine warrior , and i 'd be sad to see him make a die of it for whatever foolish quest you 're on . ''
tilting his head back , his adam 's apple moved as he got the last swallow of soup .
` ` what by god 's little green apples are you doing calling me at seven forty - seven in the morning ? ''
jenks darted into the back room , his swearing dropping like golden apples .
` ` oh , for little green apples , '' trent said , but i touched his hand to tell him not to get bent out of shape .
the wooden apple detected lethal spells , and the copper clover would glow in the presence of a strong charm .
we 'd been here all day , not even breaking for a real meal , though trent had raided the kitchen to bring up cider , sliced apples , and more strawberries .
he lifted a steaming cup of coffee to lips as plush and red as candy apples and gulped .
palms sweating , nicola made her way to the back of the grocery , bypassing the oranges and apples .
four other nefas strolled over to their group , one eating from a bag of popcorn , another biting into a caramel apple and another drinking a cup of coffee .
her br**sts were lush , with ni**les that were the color of honey - dipped apples .
eve with the apple .
the only scent she detected was ... apples ?
the pennies she 'd stolen from her foster parents had been enough to buy all the apples she 'd wanted .
that apple scent wafted from him .
with the realization , a tempting question drifted through her mind : if he smelled like apples , how delicious would he taste ?
he even bought me a bowl of apples and cherries because i mentioned i liked their smell .
he flavor was as decadent as his scent , fresh , wild , and stormy , passion spiced with apples .
vulgar language out of that candy apple mouth and spoken in that i'm - already - in - bed - and - without - my - panties voice ... '' dallas moaned , as if in pain .
` ` you are like eve with her apple , '' he said .
a buttered roll and a glass of apple juice were shoved under her nose .
stefano rubbed at his adam 's apple , his head tilting to the side , expression intense .
his throat was smashed , his adam 's apple smooth and discolored .
like eve with her apple .
he found an apple , a pear , but had to request a stalk of broccoli himself .
she was delicious , like the apple she 'd just eaten , only sweeter , headier , like his favorite wine .
she was incomparably lovely , with golden eyes almost diamondlike in their purity , lips as red as eve 's apple had probably been and a body that defined the word temptation .
he took a quick detour through the kitchen - someone had shopped , thank the gods - and rounded up a bag of chips , a brownie , a granola bar , an apple and a bottle of water .
` ` do you want to earn the apple ? ''
sabin tossed the apple at her and she caught it , her gaze avoiding him .
she bit into the apple , chewed , swallowed .
she asked softly , rolling the apple in her palms .
now she knew : every touch was as delicious as eve 's apple had probably been .
but all too soon , the bowl was empty and she frowned - until she spied a plate of apple slices .
she slapped the apple plate back where she 'd found it , rattling the dishes far more than kaia had .
apples , pears , lemons .
best of all , the air smelled sweet , like those hanging grapes mixed with apples and vanilla .
she now smelled of the same apples - and - vanilla fragrance that coated the air , along with the usual floral scent that coated her skin .
and when those stopped raining down , apples and oranges began to drop and rol .
once she had a ham sandwich and apple in hand , she practical y inhaled them .
he was watching her , a strange , bemused expression on his beautiful face , and a half - eaten apple in his hand .
he set the apple aside , but he did n't touch her .
he tasted mint and apple , both frosted like ice cream .
then she ate a turkey sandwich and an apple and drained a bottle of water .
that was as un - harpylike as , shit , baking an apple pie with ingredients she 'd purchased - with money she 'd actual y earned .
every year kaia mailed juliette a fruit basket with a ` ` sorry about your consort '' card , and every year the basket was returned with rotten apple cores , black banana peels and a picture of juliette flipping her off with ` ` die , whore , die '' written in blood somewhere .
` ` he is like a poisoned apple , '' zacharel said to the angel beside him .
` ` as succulent as others consider this particular apple , '' lysander proclaimed , ` ` they will be willing to taste anything he offers . ''
without slowing , he snagged an apple and a box of strider 's red hots .
a bite of apple followed by a few of the cinnamon candies , and you had a mouthful of delicious .
a mutant dog - monkey hybrid materialized on one of the branches , swinging toward him and throwing an apple at his head .
she gasped out with mock fear - and another apple slammed into his shoulder .
vika is a bad apple from a poisoned tree .
twenty - seven sustain me with raisin cakes , refresh me with apples , because i am lovesick .
a flash of bright light erupted behind her , and she grabbed an apple and turned , ready to launch it .
surrounded by wisps of white lace hanging from the posts of the bed , and the pale blue fabric of the comforter , she was snow white after she 'd eaten the apple .
which means , my sweet little apple bottom , that there 's just enough time for us to have our bathtub playdate and eat breakfast .
i offer the man a small bag of dried apple slices .
i see the bag of apples flying away from me .
but then he releases my wrist , takes the apples , and says , ` ` choose wisely , little girl . ''
i remember the factionless man with the gray teeth , snatching the bag of apples from my hands .
i peer at the crates - they hold apples .
i see myself in the back of the truck , singing with the girl , though i ' ve never sung before , laughing when i am off - key , climbing trees to pick the apples , always peaceful and always safe .
i watch his adam 's apple bob up and down and his eyes lift to the ceiling .
the sharp , sweet smell of rotting apples mixes with the scent of wet earth in my nose .
i see a flicker of movement in my periphery , and look out the window that faces the apple orchard .
the air smells like dirt and apples , and i try not to breathe it too loudly .
i bite my apple .
i pick up my apple with my left hand , and grab his hand under the table with my right .
that evening , i am too embarrassed by what happened to go to dinner , so i spend the time in the branches of an apple tree at the far end of the orchard , picking ripe apples .
that evening , i am too embarrassed by what happened to go to dinner , so i spend the time in the branches of an apple tree at the far end of the orchard , picking ripe apples .
a few apples fall to the ground when i shift my weight .
their branches grow into one another , creating a maze of leaves and twigs and apples .
tobias swallows hard , his adam 's apple bobbing .
we stand in the amity orchards , where the apples are ripe and dangle just inches above our heads .
edward slams his free hand into peter 's throat , and presses the tines of the fork between his fingers , right against peter 's adam 's apple .
we drive through the apple orchard .
again i remember my mother stretching to pick an apple in this orchard , years ago when we came to help the amity with the harvest .
in the back of the truck she was just sitting on is a stack of crates marked apples and flour and corn .
the only flowers i ' ve ever seen are wildflowers , or apple blossoms in the amity orchards .
it shifts over his adam 's apple when he swallows .
i want to ask her more , but then the door opens , and matthew stands in the hallway , chewing on an apple core .
he bites off the end of the apple core and nods .
i cringe , imagining the bitter taste of apple seeds , and follow him .
matthew tugs it open and takes a bite out of the apple he 's holding .
he takes an enormous bite of apple and chews it with a wry grin on his face .
he lifts the apple to his mouth and says behind it , ` ` just dressed as if i ' m hanging out in my house alone , as you do . ''
i ' m suddenly so angry i want to take oliver 's fucking apple and throw it at the wall .
colton is there next , giant paper bag holding his lunch in one hand , an apple in the other .
as a whole package , she was country - girl fresh and apple - pie sweet with a streak of tonka - truck tough .
` ` i was expecting apple - forbidden fruit and all . ''
i ' ve got the green apple splatters . ''
` ` i ' ve got regular apples , not the organic apples . ''
` ` i ' ve got regular apples , not the organic apples . ''
sneering , she turned and picked out the bag of apples from my grocery bag .
the one whose greatest crime was not wanting to pay organic apple prices for bruised non - organic apples .
the one whose greatest crime was not wanting to pay organic apple prices for bruised non - organic apples .
i should have taken the bruised apple and put back something else .
now he had his head back , and i licked his beautiful neck , my tongue finding his adam 's apple , my lips finding his pulse .
i tossed it aside , then shifted down his body , kissing his neck and adam 's apple , and then down his smooth chest .
she smiled as sweet as apple pie with ice cream on top .
she 's also hotter than an apple pie fresh from the oven . ''
she hacked violently , almost losing the remnants of her meager lunch : crackers and apple juice .
of course , the sweetest treats were the good apples with red , yellow , and orange auras - forbiddens like helena .
i 'd done the babysitter gig for a few years in my early teens and never remembered giving anything other than apple juice , water , or formula to a baby that young .
the apple falls from the tree .
the worm eats the apple and is eaten by a bird .
and apple pie .
this entire situation was an insanity apple covered in insanity caramel .
this entire thing was that insanity apple on a stick .
eyes that flickered between apple green and aquamarine like a godsdamned happy meter .
deal with those apples . ''
bad apples are the result of an individual 's choice .
his adam 's apple bobbed with a swallow .
his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
it was as familiar as apple pie .
i watched with a keen sense of satisfaction as garrett 's eyes widened and his adam 's apple bobbed up and down as he swallowed .
my thumb caressed the apple of her cheek .
i could use a little big apple madness , '' garrett said .
we had an apple pie life of family dinners and games of monopoly on thursdays- ( wednesdays if it was mom 's week for bunco- ) .
like apple pie . ''
i leaned up and kissed the base of his throat , just below his adam 's apple .
for dessert , julia served coffee and her homemade apple pie .
he caressed his thumb over the apple of my cheek .
i pushed up on one hand and held her face in the other , my thumb caressing the apple of her cheek , searching her eyes for any sign that i should stop .
i clung to her , kissing the soft apple of her cheek , finding relief in the weight of my daughter in my arms .
` ` i was picking out apples , and when i turned around , they were just staring at each other . ''
lizzie ate her nuggets and apples quietly , almost reserved , as if she could sense the tension in the air .
i ran my thumb along the apple of her cheek .
i cupped her cheek , my thumb making a pass over the apple of her cheek .
apple pulp covered the chess club boy 's hair and shoulders , while the remainder of the offending fruit rolled around on the ground just near his feet .
` ` that 's it , '' he said , and with teeth tight in his mouth , jumped up and grabbed the apple .
his knuckles turned white around the apple .
my eyes flicked from the apple that was in dominic 's hand , to the other side of the cafeteria where juice rained in a shower over the jocks , a million tiny pieces of apple sticking to the wall behind them .
my eyes flicked from the apple that was in dominic 's hand , to the other side of the cafeteria where juice rained in a shower over the jocks , a million tiny pieces of apple sticking to the wall behind them .
` ` it 's an apple bomb , '' i said .
` ` it 's not the apple bomb issue i have a problem with . ''
throw a damn apple at them and see what they do to you . ''
i unfolded my arms , stood up and grabbed the apple off alana 's plate .
i pointed at him , letting him take the apple .
sam waltzed past , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl .
he shrugged , biting his apple , and wandered into the forbidden formal rooms through an archway on the other side of the kitchen .
i grabbed an apple and plonked into a dining chair facing the window .
with a short sigh , i bit into my apple , licking the sweet juice as it spilled onto my lip .
i spun my apple core between my fingers and watched her rinse the spoon off under the tap .
` ` when we get in , can you peel me one of those apple snakes i saw you do the other day ? ''
` ` miss apple ? ''
` ` he stood up for the apple king , at lunch that day . ''
i slumped over my books , munching an apple , spinning my hips from side to side on the swishy stool .
although , i am making apple pie for dessert . ''
my vampire flashed the most incredibly charming smile and said , ` ` apple pie happens to be my favourite . ''
but when it came to the apple pie , i do n't think he was lying about it being his favourite , because he ate mine too .
i grabbed an apple and took a bite .
i turned my wrist over in question - the apple still in hand .
his silky hair smelled like apple , and the softness , where it brushed against me , made me relax a little .
` ` no more than picking an apple from a tree .
i patted her back , breathing deep the smell of her apple shampoo .
the sweet , spicy scent of butter chicken wafted away as a plate of custard and apple pie took its place .
i brushed my fork along my plate and scooped up a heap of apple pie , smothered in sweet vanilla custard , then popped it in my mouth , smoothing the fork past my lips really slowly .
i could even taste the cinnamon infused in the apple .
` ` apple tv ? ''
breakfast wafted out through that door with the homely warmth of bacon and stewed apples .
` ` an apple ? ''
i spun the apple between my fingers softly .
` ` she liked to play in the orchards , back when we still grew apples here .
i looked down at the apple , polishing it with my fingertip ; it was small , for an apple - only the size of a plum .
i looked down at the apple , polishing it with my fingertip ; it was small , for an apple - only the size of a plum .
he shook his head , closing my fingers around the apple .
` ` after eve died , lilith had the orchard torn down - forbid apples to be grown here or eaten here for the rest of eternity .
but christian , believing this apple to be a gift from the gods , could n't bear to tear that oak tree down .
i placed the apple and the book on the dresser next to a small wooden jewellery box .
and , can you tell me- '' i aimed my finger to the red apples in the tree .
he considered the apple for a moment , scratching just beside his nose .
` ` because all you have to remember is that the colour red- '' he pointed to the apple , ` ` -is the same colour as blood . ''
trees had grown up overnight like blossoming buds in a time - lapse film , their luscious leaves casting shadows over the long grass , where the scent of apples and rotting cider wafted on the early fog , making sweet perfume in the air .
she sat toying with the golden apple , spinning it carelessly between her fingertips .
eve looked down as if the golden apple had been mentioned in the lyric , and held it up , giving it a gentle turn to show a small hole in the side .
i reached for the apple ; she drew it away .
` ` perhaps , '' she said , slowly reaching across to cup my hand with her tiny , cool fingers , then turned my palm upward , laying the apple there .
` ` then you 're not looking at it properly , '' she said , and a coy smile moved her lip , her hand coming up a second later to swipe the apple .
but i had to find that apple .
the apple was gone , as if it had never been in my hand in the first place .
but one thing was for sure : that apple held some kind of key to some kind of secret eve wanted me to know .
the morning had risen outside as we 'd all talked , and there was at least enough light in here now to find a small golden apple if one were searching for it .
that apple i dreamed about was in here somewhere .
i walked slowly over to the music box on the dresser and , there , sitting among a few small trinkets , was the golden apple eve was given before she died .
the apple glimmered in what little dawn light crept in between the boarded windows .
maybe the keyhole i saw in my dream was a mistake or maybe even a metaphor , as in , maybe , the apple was the key to something , or the door to something .
i said suggestively , then curled my fingers around the golden apple , hiding it away as i headed for the stairs again .
he looked up from time to time as i paced the floors in front of the windows , and i pretended not to notice him trying to catch my gaze - walking with my head down , my fingers tightly clasped around the golden apple .
i took a quick breath , dropping the apple to the ground by my feet with a solid thud .
he bent down and picked up my golden apple , studying it for a second before planting it firmly in my hand .
` ` the apple holds the key , '' she said .
` ` the apple holds the key . ''
i hugged my knees to my chest and laid my cheek against them , thinking about the keyhole in the golden apple .
she hit the ground like a sack of apples , dead shock widening the eyes of our onlookers .
` ` but you have n't even eaten yet , you'll- '' ` ` she can grab an apple on the way out . ''
he stepped closer , grabbing my other wrist , the apple tucked between his pinkie and his ring finger .
he just dragged me along , tossing the apple he was carrying in the first plant he saw .
but as i walked into the great hall , the round , shiny surface of a golden apple caught my eye , just sitting there on the dining table for anyone to find .
i asked the apple , walking over .
` ` because i wanted you to see something , '' she whispered , then reached across and flicked the apple onto the floor .
i stayed put for a second , hoping they 'd pass , otherwise it might look like i was hiding down here under the table , and i was n't about to show them the apple , either .
` ` if you must know- '' i propped both hands on my hips , checking under the table quickly to see if the apple was hidden enough .
she still had all that weird actress drama - demanded a certain type of apple in her lunch salads and only drank her tea at certain temperatures - but she was turning into a real nanny .
i took a bite , like he was an apple .
then she opens the fridge and pours some apple juice and yogurt into the blender and starts it .
` ` and an apple , '' she adds .
is that apple in there ? ''
i offer him the bag i stashed along with juice and an apple .
` ` nope , i just forgot to trim them , '' i tell her , taking a slice of leftover apple strudel from the fridge and then - at her expression - adding a real apple .
` ` nope , i just forgot to trim them , '' i tell her , taking a slice of leftover apple strudel from the fridge and then - at her expression - adding a real apple .
over two hundred pounds in the apple store !
` ` i think i 'll go into the village , '' alice decided , finding a lone apple in the corner of the fridge .
an apple rolled my way and kaspar poured water from the kettle into a mug , a cup of tea following the fruit .
autumn ripped hers open and devoured it hungrily , making her seem more human than her vampire counterparts ; seeing that , fallon handed her the rest and with a wave of his hand , conjured an apple from midair .
fallon asked , taking a second bite out of his apple .
a slight blush tinged the apples of her cheeks like they had been pinched as she allowed her wide but bright eyes to pass across kaspar , and then the rest of the varns , who were dissipating and following in the wake of my father and the king .
his eyes did not leave the painting , his adam 's apple rising as he swallowed hard , his hand frozen on the doorknob .
the apple i picked from the bowl was as red as the blood he drank .
i swallowed a chunk of the apple , moist and sweet , forgetting to chew most of it .
i had already rushed to the bathroom twice that afternoon and despite not eating anything since the apple , my stomach twisted and knotted , threatening to throw up what little was left in my gut .
we were apples and oranges , but she did n't judge and i appreciated that .
it was like being a kid again , trying to steal apples from the crown orchards ; they were not fenced and we were never told not to go there , but we knew that what we were doing was wrong .
he swallowed hard ; i saw his adam 's apple rise and fall an inch .
he swallowed another piece of orange , reaching out to pick up an apple and offer it to me .
it was no secret the apple had not fallen far from the tree when i was conceived .
mara whisked past with a bushel of apples on her hip .
i raised that one , '' mara told him with a jerk of her thumb at ty as she plunked the apples down on the table .
you can nap on the couch while ma makes me and deuce peel apples , '' he added , almost sounding as if he looked forward to the prospect .
he walked over to the entryway and looked in to see mara grady turning away from the sink with a large bowl full of apples and a paring knife .
she sat at the table and reached for the first apple .
` ` help yourself , honey , '' mara answered as she worked on the apples , peeling and slicing them and tossing them into a bowl .
mara smiled without looking up from her apple .
he 's not even allowed to peel apples . ''
it 's a tradition ' round here , starting to die out , though , '' she informed zane as she dumped a handful of apple slices into the bowl and reached for another .
mara was shaking her head , her eyes on the apple she was peeling .
mara nodded as she dumped another handful of apple slices into her bowl .
` ` you 're a good boy , zane , '' she told him as she went back to peeling her apples .
chapter 5 it had been an incredible dinner - a huge , tender pork roast with all the trimmings , hot yeast rolls , and apple cobbler for dessert .
by the time zane got down to the kitchen the next morning , breakfast was on the table , and ty and deuce were sitting together , drinking orange juice while their mother bustled around them and scolded them for stealing some of her apples .
there 's beer and apple pie waiting , '' he said .
all this hospital shit just put some lovely little icing swirls on that apple pie of your mom 's .
he sniffed at the air as the smell of apple pie began to waft to them .
they walked along the bustling avenue , passing high - end stores that included disney , apple , cartier , crate and barrel , and saks fifth avenue .
my heart warms just thinking about hanging out with her - then drops like a rotten apple when i think of the way i ' ve made coop feel .
his adam 's apple rises before taking a dive .
laken flushes a bright pink over the apples of her cheeks .
her head dives down toward my crotch like she 's about to bob for apples .
they make rotting fish and sour milk smell about as pleasant and welcome as apple pie .
his adam 's apple rises and falls .
i let it hang out there , see if he 'll take a bite of my shiny poison apple .
but i pause and take the delicacies in - admire the slivered almond torte with the heavy - lacquered finish , the bubbling sugar caramelized over the apple pie .
it 's as if summer were conveniently turned off like a faucet in time to usher in the colors of fall , the crisp air you need to pick apples from the trees .
i try to act unimpressed , but i can feel the heat rising to the apples of my cheeks , giving away the fact my heart is racing at the prospect of spending an inordinate amount of time with him - probably some aftereffect of him saving me from that creature .
a rise of color touches the apples of his cheeks .
i bolt up and snatch an apple off fallon 's trey on my way out the door .
the apples of his cheeks burn with color as he takes me in .
kresley points over to a large box , the size of an apple crate .
his adam 's apple rises and falls as he gives a hard swallow .
she tastes as sweet as an apple .
her cheeks come to life with color as she absorbs my features , and that very shade of red glossing the apples of her cheeks gives me far more hope than any of those visions right about now .
chloe latched onto my balls in front of everyone at west and plucked them off like apples in the fall .
his adam 's apple rises and falls as he swallows .
skyla 's face pops , red as an apple .
poison apple , anyone ? ''
` ` poison apple ? ''
my adam 's apple rises and falls as a touch of grief sweeps through me .
skyla leans in , scouting for another kiss , but i take my time grazing over her cheek with my mouth the way i sometimes do with an apple , taking in its hypnotic scent before i take that first , lush bite .
mia and melissa scream as he passes , and my jaw goes slack in disbelief as he plops a well - bronzed pig onto the table , still in its anatomical state , equipped with a small red apple tucked in its mouth .
the apples of my cheeks burn bright because he so pegged it .
` ` gee , you think we 'll get to bob for apples ? ''
` ` more like adam 's apples . ''
he swallows hard , and his adam 's apple rises and falls with disappointment .
the slight scent of granny smith apples enlivens my senses as i run through the sinister halls .
` ` last summer , before i ever had any idea i 'd be dead before fall '' -he averts his eyes to the sky a moment- '' right after your mother gave me that vision of the two of us on the beach with that child ... '' logan drops his gaze to the grass , and i watch as his adam 's apple rides up and down in rhythm .
his adam 's apple peaks and falls .
the apples of my cheeks burn as his words pulse through me , covered in his affection .
emma served her famous apple pie while the ruffians mostly ate ice to soothe their swollen jaws .
we decide to conclude the evening with something far more american than apple pie , and that just so happens to be war .
` ` the minute i saw you ... '' he tilts his head back and his adam 's apple rises and falls .
i step in toward the open flames and the heat blisters the apples of my cheeks .
chapter 45 a stitch in time the oliver 's home holds the heavenly scent of cinnamon and apples , an undeniable feast for the senses .
his face flushes with heat , burns the apples of his cheeks as he gives the glimmer of a wicked smile .
it ignites the room with the fresh scent of apples , eliciting a strong memory of when i first entered the haunted hotel in the transfer with marshall .
his face is greased with thick pancake paste , and an apple red grin is painted over his flesh .
gage breezes into the room with an apple red ribbon tied around a miniature white casket .
emma has graciously invited us all into the kitchen where she 's doling out her latest sweet treat , a steaming hot apple pie served over a bed of vanilla ice cream .
his adam 's apple rises and falls against my skin , his arousal made evident by the bulge pressed against my thigh .
the air is unnaturally crisp and holds the slight scent of apples .
` ` you are , '' i whisper in his ear and watch the apples of his cheeks darken a shade as he pulls me in .
his face smoothes out at the prospect , and i swear i see the slightest hint of blush on the apples of his cheeks as though he were n't sure himself .
her skin is luminescent , strangely pale with a rosy hue on the apples of her cheeks .
it 's dank inside , gone is the pleasant scent of apples , replaced with the much more rancid and oppressive scent of mildew .
the apple must have rolled way far away from the apple tree , to an entirely different hemisphere for this to be possible .
the apple must have rolled way far away from the apple tree , to an entirely different hemisphere for this to be possible .
the apples of his cheeks darken .
i ' m sure you know all this , '' i say plucking a box of apple red ornaments from out of a shopping bag .
his adam 's apple rises and falls dramatically as though he were unsure of what my reaction might be .
the apples of his cheeks liven with color .
i run the bags to the entry and place them on the floor in an effort to bolt back and gather the rolling apples , and pears .
i toss the fruit in a glass bowl mom has set out with a few heavily puckered apples already in it .
his adam 's apple dives then corks back up .
here 's hoping carbonated apple juice is enough to land her in my bed , or in the least it lands me in her good graces .
evelyn has been a bad apple from the start , and my own wandering dick did n't add much to the situation .
i pull it down further - aspen is red as an apple .
because the spoiled apple does n't fall far from the demonic family tree . ''
the smell of campfires burning from around the lake lights up my senses with the scent of smoky apple wood , hot dogs , and something sweet layered just beneath that .
my adam 's apple rises and falls .
his adam 's apple travels up and down the length of his neck like a broken elevator .
his adam 's apple rises and falls as if a tragedy were about to unfold , and i think it is .
i bet he has balls the size of apples .
instead she backed it up with a potshot at my own mother that went something like , the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
i doubt the apple falls far from the tree . ''
i try not to glance at bryson who 's just taken an obnoxiously loud bite of an apple while my cheeks burn through a dozen shades of red .
bryson lifts his apple as if he were toasting my efforts .
the air is crisp as an apple , and there 's a bite of fall all around us even though technically it 's the tail end of summer .
my eyes widen , my cheeks blush bright as candy apples as if i had outright propositioned him .
my adam 's apple rises and falls as i swallow hard .
i can make out the ridge of his adam 's apple rising and falling like a shadow .
she looks up as the apples of her cheeks flame a soft pink .
` ` i mean , sometimes i think you 're only with me for the sex , apple , '' adrian stated , giving me a look of disbelief that only i knew was false .
i could still smell the strong apple scented body wash he kept in the en suite and looked up at him once we were both comfortable .
and maybe maria when i wanted her to make me her famous apple pie . ''
` ` i ' m gon na go get her an apple ! ''
` ` this is one of the smaller horses , '' seth informs me as he rejoins us with an apple in his hand .
seth tells me from magic 's head , where he 's snuck her another apple .
i reach up and brush my thumb over the apple of her cheek .
i kiss her temple as she laces her fingers through mine and leads me eagerly to a vendor selling fresh apples and apple cider .
i kiss her temple as she laces her fingers through mine and leads me eagerly to a vendor selling fresh apples and apple cider .
he measures the apples and then passes the bag to lauren , but i reach over and take them before she can .
` ` yes , three pounds of apples is just too much for my fragile frame to carry . ''
` ` come on , counselor , let 's go buy some apples and cider .
ty takes the heavy bags of apples from me and sets them on the counter .
i ask as i also pull off several layers of sweater and scarf and then set apples on the countertop for peeling and gather the other ingredients , including a frozen pie crust , and set the oven for preheat .
` ` okay , you do that and i 'll peel these apples and get them in the pot . ''
i get the apples peeled and sliced and into a pot with all the spices to boil .
i have to stir the apples . ''
i laugh and run to the stove to stir the thickening mixture of apples and cinnamon and sugar .
i grin while i line the pie plate with the first crust and tuck it around the edges , then walk back to the stove to fill it with the bubbling apples .
i squeeze the sweet sauce over the top of the apples .
i wander over to them , hand the hot apple cider in my hand to stacy and lift them both , sit in the chair , and settle them on my lap .
i walk into the kitchen and grab an apple and a bottle of water and settle on the couch , flipping on the tv to watch one of my reality tv shows .
how about apple pie ? ''
` ` do not say apple , '' cher warns him and he laughs .
` ` four years , seven months , '' i whisper and drop my eyes to his adams apple , unable to meet his gaze .
he leans in and kisses the apple of my cheek , then pulls his lips down to my ear .
he releases my hands to cup my face in his palm , brushing the apple of my cheek with his thumb .
i nod and kiss his palm , just before he cups my cheek and rubs his thumb over the apple of my cheek .
she blinks and one tear falls down her cheek , but will catches it with his thumb and rubs the apple of her cheek tenderly .
once dinner is finished and we ' ve all helped clear the dishes , mrs . leighton brings the cake over to the table along with an apple pie .
it was apple green silk and had a low , deep v at the front showing just a hint , but not a vagrant display , of cle**age .
he 'd tracked her and found her sitting on the steps in front of her parents ' cottage in france , eating an apple and , apparently , as reported to callum by mac , waiting for him .
she gazed up at him and , figuring he wanted to warm her up with hot apple cider , though she would prefer hot cocoa but would request herbal tea , she asked , ` ` apple cider ? ''
she gazed up at him and , figuring he wanted to warm her up with hot apple cider , though she would prefer hot cocoa but would request herbal tea , she asked , ` ` apple cider ? ''
` ` we should have talked before , '' he told me , his thumb sweeping the apple of my cheek .
i also bought an apple pie and vanilla bean ice cream for dessert . ''
jeremy did n't answer , he just stared into layne 's eyes , his adam 's apple bobbing .
he 's a cop , chicago pd , '' jas answered and layne grinned , thinking the apple definitely does not fall far from the tree .
i crossed my arms on my chest and stared at dane as he swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
they were apples that fell right to the root of the tree .
she was in a dress that was an unusual shade of yellowish - green satin , like the color of an apple .
the carving on both mantel and molding were pears , apples and oranges with leaves and vines and it was so intricate , even at a glance i saw it was sheer perfection .
a full - length , freestanding , oval mirror with the pear , apple , orange , leaf and vine theme at the top and drifting down the sides .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
well , except me , i played cards but lindy brought me apple juice in my horn .
mine was a thin , soft silk the color of a green apple and it went down to my ankles and had slits up to my hips .
i was wearing my apple green nightgown and my long hair was pulled up in a messy knot wrapped with a piece of ribbon that i 'd tied into it .
his eyes dropped to my chest and one of his hands went to my waist as his other hand cupped my breast and i looked down to see my apple green nightgown was soaking wet , my ni**les were hard and nothing was left to the imagination .
i let him do this and let him seat us at a table by the window and kind of let the proprietress fawn over us and let him order for me and took a sip of the crisp , cool , pale amber fluid that was set before me ( which tasted vaguely of apples and strongly of alcohol ) and i did all of this without word because the only thought in my head was , whoa , i ' m married to a prince .
` ` we brew it from apples from our own orchards . ''
` ` i could n't phone dara and forrest and worry them if something was n't right with you , '' he said , sounding aghast and i was grateful that my mom and dad knew my boss and they had formed a bond over multiple games of apples to apples .
` ` i could n't phone dara and forrest and worry them if something was n't right with you , '' he said , sounding aghast and i was grateful that my mom and dad knew my boss and they had formed a bond over multiple games of apples to apples .
i wo n't be overly friendly to people who are common and i wo n't save half - dead birds and i wo n't sneak apples to salem in the stables ... or to all the horses in the stables though i do n't think you knew i did that ... and i wo n't rumple children 's hair .
tamsin had always had a kitchen full to the brim with food , from grapes , apples and carrot sticks to chocolate covered malt balls and bags of microwave popcorn .
chapter thirteen the incident mrs . k put the finishing touches on the grocery list that included the ingredients for a bakewell tart , an apple crumble and a variety of other bits and pieces that she would have made for her own children if she and roddy had ever decided to have any .
it was time for their homework and for her to start dinner and hopefully a quick apple crumble .
i 'd rather pet him and feed him apples than ride him . ''
she 'd also bought brie , apples , water crackers and made shrimp cocktail .
` ` then you have n't seen a fabulous sunset or an apple tree in bloom or a japanese oak in autumn .
` ` apple crumble and custard , '' she answered .
sally yelled as isabella slid the apple crumble out of the oven and put it on a hot pad .
there was a big tent there , made of silk , next to an apple tree , its blossoms carpeting the roof of the tent and all around .
fiona popped back into her tent by the ever - blossoming apple tree .
not her tent by the apple tree and the stream .
` ` can we have your apple caramel - umble for pudding tonight ? ''
and he also made apple pie which is definitely delicious . ''
now , with detective marker gone , the activity was beginning to die down and al y was helping herself to some brie and apple slices while shirleen spread a wodge of pate on some french bread .
she had a half - eaten apple slice held aloft and she looked cool as a cucumber .
` ` do n't tel me to stay out of it , '' al y flashed , dropping the apple slice and no longer looking cool as a cucumber .
how 's them apples ? ''
i could make mace breakfasts of eggs benedict and belgian waffles topped with strawberries and whipped cream and homemade blueberry pancakes smothered in warm maple syrup and apple coffeecake with a thick crust of brown sugar crumble ( or whatever ) every morning for the rest of his effing life and it would never make him happy enough to let this shit go .
chapter twenty demon scum stella the next morning , i made mace apple streusel coffee cake which , unfortunately , as i was under house arrest ( in a way ) this necessitated mace making an early morning trip to the grocery store to buy ingredients but he did n't seem to mind ( as he never did , and anyway , my apple streusel coffee cake was one of his favorites ) .
chapter twenty demon scum stella the next morning , i made mace apple streusel coffee cake which , unfortunately , as i was under house arrest ( in a way ) this necessitated mace making an early morning trip to the grocery store to buy ingredients but he did n't seem to mind ( as he never did , and anyway , my apple streusel coffee cake was one of his favorites ) .
this made sense and would likely only cost me energy drinks , costco boxes of king - size candy bars and apple app gift cards all of which i could make my ` ` clients '' procure for brody .
or a harder weapon , like an apple .
yes , an apple would do nicely .
he bit back a curse and pasted a smile on his face as they passed a few of london 's venerable matrons , all looking at them as if they were some sort of delicious apple tart .
he took an apple out of his bag and bit into it as juice ran down his chin .
the guide suddenly appeared with his horse and damn half - eaten apple .
he took another loud bite of his apple .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing .
luckily demetri had hooked up the apple tv so we had netflix .
the professor cleared his throat , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down as he examined me with cold gray eyes .
i pulled out some cut up grapes and apples and a few slices of gouda cheese .
his adam 's apple bobbed up and down as he leaned in and brushed his thumb across my lips .
his name is apple , and i ' m quite certain he can walk on his own while i ride in the carriage .
why the hell would i take a bite of the damn apple when i ' ve been without fruit for so long ? ''
you pluck the apple willingly from eve 's hand , and the minute your teeth dig into the core ... '' his voice was a hoarse whisper .
` ` apples . ''
` ` special apples only grown in the most foreign of orchards- they sell them here , for a price . ''
` ` fairest apples , '' he lied .
` ` have you heard of these apples ? ''
` ` apples ? ''
` ` i ' m asking of the fairest apples .
` ` my lady , whatever you need such apples for ?
they fell into a deep sleep , and when she awoke , he was gone , and in his place he had left a shiny apple .
an apple a day ... or perhaps an apple every hour , keeps one 's strength , for tonight you will not sleep .
an apple a day ... or perhaps an apple every hour , keeps one 's strength , for tonight you will not sleep .
she pulled an apple out of her satchel and shared it with him .
one time a patron of a store gave him apples merely because he thought the horse smiled at him .
apples , oranges , pomegranates .
his eyes flashed open as his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
` ` mo ... '' he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
he swallowed convulsively , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down as his beady eyes blinked nervously .
i knew she was following the food because the minute the smell of pasta dissipated , the smell of her apple perfume filled the air .
it was mostly a costume contest rigged in favor of the mayor 's kids and games like bobbing for apples , which was just about the stupidest so - called ` ` fun activity '' verlaine could think of .
` ` groceries in the pantry , phone numbers for the neighbors , and all your info in the big apple . ''
he withdrew an apple .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and wayne moved on .
his adam 's apple bobbed in his throat .
her apples scattered across the car like billiard balls .
i packed a lunch , but it 's just a turkey sandwich and an apple .
there was an apple laptop next to several smaller devices .
scott rolled his eyes as he started rearranging the pears and apples in the fruit bowl .
scott tossed an apple up in the air and caught it .
throwing and catching the apple again , he looked at me .
bananas , apples and oranges litter the caramel - colored tile floor .
he drinks the last of his coffee down and leaves the room , snagging the apple from the table next to the coffee pot on his way out .
he walks straight over to the table where she now sits in her usual chair , and he places the apple in front of her .
dorian 's fist slams against the table , knocking the apple onto its side .
nora very casually reaches out and takes the apple into her hand .
in a flash , the apple hits the floor and dorian 's gun appears in nora 's hand , trained on his face .
microsoft and apple are two different entities in the same business , in competition with one another , but they keep up with each other because they have to .
steam billowed around her as she soaped herself from head to toe before squeezing her favorite apple shampoo into her palm and quickly washing her hair .
` ` you smell like apples . ''
he sucked in a deep breath , allowing the warm , apple scent of her to ease his strange sense of foreboding .
moving back to the bed , duncan leaned down to press a lingering kiss to callie 's forehead , breathing deeply of her apple scent .
reaching into her basket , she pulled out the apples and cheese that she had so recently purchased and gently placed them beside the old woman .
` ` you think they 'll confess to being a homicidal maniac over apple martinis ? ''
` ` you are n't really going to serve apple martinis , are you ? ''
sipping her apple martini while she imagined the pleasure of shifting so she could more easily rip out the throats of the twits paying homage to the man driving her nuts , sophia abruptly caught a whiff of an approaching nymph .
` ` she 's already stocked it with everything but apple pie . ''
` ` i ' m sure the apple pie could be arranged . ''
chapter eleven shay was seated at the kitchen table with levet polishing off the last of the apple pie set before her .
she scooped another bite of apple pie and stuffed it in her mouth .
there was a breakfast tray left on the bedside table , complete with an omelet , bacon , toast , hash browns , a carafe of orange juice , and an entire apple pie .
it had been a beautiful ceremony at viper 's country estate surrounded by hundreds of candles and roses and the sweet scent of freshly baked apple pie floating through the air .
she offered a smile as she reached for a slice of apple .
wandering into the kitchen , darcy plucked an apple from one of the cabinets and abruptly turned as the outer door was thrown open and levet waddled into the room muttering curses beneath his breath .
busily convincing herself that the tingles in the pit of her stomach were nothing more than expensive champagne bubbles , anna stiffened as the unmistakable scent of apples filled the air .
her smile faded as the scent of apples filled the air .
` ` i smell apples . ''
` ` and i always smell apples when sybil taylor is near . ''
the scent of apples became nearly overwhelming as sybil struggled to contain her fiery temper .
` ` sybil always smelled of apples . ''
` ` levet ... '' anna abruptly stiffened , alarm bells ringing through her mind as she caught the unmistakable scent of apples .
and that scent ... apples .
the recently plowed ground was no impediment as he streaked through the night , the faint scent of apples only spurring him onward .
as he neared , the smell of apples became mixed with the scent of anna 's blood .
in a remarkably short amount of time , the small glass dining table was overflowing with pizza , bread sticks , minestrone soup , and a warm apple tart .
biting into an apple , she glared at the barn filled with the usual machinery needed for a small farm as well as a pile of old bikes and forgotten toys that were tossed in a corner .
and if she was alone in a stupid barn with mushy apples instead of decadent chocolate cake and wicked vampire kisses , it was a small price to pay .
` ` oh , and one of those deep - fried apple pies . ''
` ` stand away from the door , '' he commanded , holding a tray in his hands filled with plates of hamburgers , fries , a chocolate shake , buffalo wings , and deep - fried apple pie .
` ` or maybe the cook hid a file in my apple pie ? ''
` ` and sweet and sour pork , and spaghetti , oh , and apple pie , '' sally added .
j'adore apple pie , '' the gargoyle sighed , heading out of the room with a happy wiggle in his waddle .
` ` i think i had an apple earlier , '' she at last said .
refusing to contemplate the hideous thought , sally pretended she did n't notice the satisfaction on roke 's face when he returned to the room and she nearly snatched the plate loaded with shepherd 's pie and apple pie from his hand .
` ` i have no craving for apple pie . ''
` ` with apple pie . ''
` ` i have no idea if we have apple pie or not . ''
instantly his gaze went to sally as she rose from the table , taking careful note of the empty plates and the lingering scent of apple pie .
` ` no apple pie , '' roke murmured softly .
fried chicken , hamburgers , pizza , barbecued ribs , fries , apple pie ...
` ` and apple pie , '' he reminded her in thick tones , his arms wrapping around her waist to haul her tight against his body .
` ` do n't forget the apple pie . ''
finding an apple box , i nudged it over with my foot , not letting go of her .
i could see his adam 's apple move as he gulped , deprived of the morsel he was so desperate to have - me .
the way his adam 's apple moved as he gulped at the sight of me made it clear enough exactly what he came for .
he threw me a bag of sliced apples .
i took another bite from the apple and chewed silently .
i took the last of the apple slices and bit into it .
reaching up , i stroke the inked thirteen on the apple of his cheek .
frankie bites into her apple , chewing slowly .
frankie takes another bite of her apple , chewing slowly .
frankie grins then throws her apple core at me .
i tried to open the jar of food and i ended up splattered with apple sauce . ''
he tastes like cola and smells sweet , like apples .
chapter twenty - eight ` ` i ' m really glad you brought ford home to spend some time with us tonight , '' mia 's mother said to her as they walked into the kitchen to heat up the apple pie claudia had made for dessert .
before ford could begin to express how much max 's faith in him meant beyond clinking their glasses together in a quick toast , mia and her mother came back in carrying a huge , warm apple pie and six forks .
and as everyone dug straight in , ford knew that even if mia 's father had n't just said he approved of their relationship , he would have known it by the way her family assumed he 'd fight for his pieces of apple from the center of the pie just like the rest of them ... and then by the way mia leaned over , mid - bite , and kissed him in front of the people she loved most in the world .
chapter twenty - nine mia was n't normally in such a rush to get out of her parents ' house after a friday night dinner , but tonight , as soon as the final apple had been scraped out of the pie pan , she jumped out of her seat and yanked ford up with her .
he tasted like apples and beer and ford .
she followed her words by pressing a kiss to the hollow just beneath his adam 's apple .
together , they pulled several bottles of marcus 's finest champagne out of his wine refrigerator , along with a couple of bottles of sparkling apple juice for sophie and summer .
she held a smaller bottle of sparkling apple juice in her other hand for chloe , who was looking more gorgeous than ever with her baby bump .
he 'd also put out a bottle of sparkling apple juice and a kid - appropriate plastic wine glass with painted butterflies on it .
` ` marcus could probably grow apples instead of grapes .
and as she started slicing cheese and apples for their afternoon snack , she could n't stop thinking about one word .
nope , she was definitely more like one of those evil ones who fed pretty princesses shiny red apples .
` ` white bread , rice , potatoes , the insid'a apples , spaghetti , chicken , turkey .
and yet he had the sense that if he got to the big apple , he was going to be directed to ... whatever the f**k it was .
love a cup of coffee and a piece of apple pie , though .
sissy had particularly liked the ones that were cut and polished to be fruit - green grapes made of jade , purple ones made of amethyst , apples and pears from various shades of quartz .
caldwell , new york , was n't that far from nyc , and famous people came up all the time from the big apple .
and the capper was , of course , the red sole , the underside of the heels flashing the color of a candied apple .
as he threw his head back and sucked down a third of the beer in there , she watched his adam 's apple go up and down .
my bag 's on the counter by the bowl of apples . ''
a bloodred staircase as big as a city park rose up from a mosaic floor that seemed to depict ... an apple tree in full bloom .
assail had been on her mind nonstop - and she knew on some level that her little project in the big apple had been more about putting some distance between them than any pressing need to make money or further her side career as a gumshoe .
just dropped right onto the depiction of an apple tree in full bloom .
ichan smiled falsely and strolled around , fingering a sterling silver bowl of red apples , the collection of cartier desk clocks on a side table , the bronze bust of napoleon on the desk by the windowed alcove .
abalone 's heart thundered as he was left alone with the fighter ... and after a moment of screaming silence , the male uncoiled himself and went to the silver bowl of apples .
with a quick toss , he flipped the weapon up in the air , the light flashing on the sharp edge - and with equal assurance , he caught the handle and stabbed one of the apples .
he left with the apple held upright , impaled to the core .
xcor gripped his stolen apple and wrenched it from his blade .
for one thing , humans were so inferior physically , it was like biting into that apple .
crossing over the depiction of an apple tree in bloom , she hit the bloodred carpeted stairs and gunned for the second floor .
iam shook his head as he crossed that apple tree in full bloom .
pausing in the middle of the depiction of an apple tree in full bloom , john let fritz go right ahead , the butler mounting the buckingham palace - worthy staircase at a spry jog .
v , however , was not just anti - apple ; he was convinced steve jobs 's legacy was the root of all evil in the world ...
his father lifted his chin , his adam 's apple standing out like a fist in the front of his throat .
thank you , apple computer .
crossing over the mosaic depiction of the apple tree , she figured she could ask whoever was in the dining room to- the moment she came under the arches , she froze .
god , if only v did n't hate everything about the apple company , she could have had an iphone in her hand and asked siri what to do .
he and george were walking out of the dining room along with a string of doggen , the staff carrying all kinds of silver trays across the depiction of the apple tree in bloom .
and then all he could see was his sister racing across the mosaic depiction of the apple tree in full bloom ... as if she were being chased by a madman .
i took the first bite of cinnamon and raisin bagel with apple butter , and hummed as the calorific goodness melted in my mouth .
i asked , grabbing an apple out of the bowl of plastic fruit on the counter by the door , and chucking it at his head .
dad 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
an organization as large and decentralized as myth has to have its share of bad apples .
he swallowed , the scalpel nicking his adam 's apple as it bobbed .
the entrance was an ornate , golden gate that opened into a fountained courtyard filled with apple trees from old earth .
a smiling nat hands tina a small bottle of apple juice before she lowers herself to a crouch in front of tina 's belly .
leaving it folded , i make my way to the fridge and pull out a bottle of apple juice .
suck on them apples , asher .
toe - to - toe , he cups my face gently , running his thumbs over the apples of my cheeks .
the instructor gave us a disapproving look , along with the rest of the class , and i realized we were the bad apples in the class .
` ` she did n't want to eat fish sticks , she did n't want to drink apple juice .
i laughed and added a few apples to the basket as well .
i quickly opened the freezer and saw a frozen apple pie and some ice cream .
who could say no to apple pie and ice cream ?
* * * we ate the apple pie in silence .
for some reason i followed her and picked up some bananas as she grabbed some apples .
` ` i just put the apple pie on the table .
she 's the mayor 's only child , and supposedly , he is really , really overprotective , and she 's the apple of his eye .
it was true ; maddie was the apple of the mayor 's eye .
` ` i sure hope you really are the apple of his eye and he loves you so much , he will do anything for you . ''
i laughed and grabbed an apple .
i said , trying to snatch an apple from the fruit bowl .
daxton swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing nervously .
his jaw tensed , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
even after spending years in and out of a hospital , she still smelled of apples and freesia .
i had an apple and a sandwich , but the arrival of james made me a little queasy .
as an excuse to avoid talking to him , i took a bite of my apple , taking my time as i chewed .
` ` great , '' i muttered , dropping my apple onto a napkin .
i tensed , gripping my apple so hard i could feel the fruit bruise beneath the skin .
i breathed in her scent , apples and freesia , and hugged her tightly in return .
ava tossed me a yellow apple from seemingly out of nowhere .
i brushed my f ingers against his , and despite his stony face , his adam 's apple bobbed .
even after all that time in the cave , she still smelled like apples and freesia .
` ` i was so close to living here forever , '' said ingrid with a sigh , and we made ourselves comfortable under a golden tree with rubies the size of apples hanging from its branches .
we used to wander the streets together , and we 'd talk about everything - steal apples from the merchants and get into so much trouble . ''
it was even shaped like an apple .
she knelt beside me , radiating warmth and the scent of apples and freesia .
james paused long enough to take off his backpack , and he pulled out several apples that i was positive had n't been in there before .
i closed my eyes and pictured a juicy yellow apple .
james handed out a few more apples , but the crowd continued to build .
were they really so hungry that an apple was enough to stop what they were doing and come running ?
he selected a bottle of sparkling apple cider .
she dreamed of a life in the big apple and had aspirations in fashion design ; he dreamed of raising a family while owning several businesses in his hometown , including a dude ranch in the mountains he loved .
she headed to the kitchen , washed an apple and took it into the living room .
she threw the apple into the air and caught it .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he struggled to swallow .
he twitched but could n't wake as her rotten apple thumped his coach , followed by another and another until the sky seemed to be raining refuse .
no doubt the storm raging outside , making the trees knock against the windows at his back , had been the apples that thundered upon his carriage .
bandoroff 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
although the housekeeper carried a tray of bread , cheese , nuts and apples , which she brought in and set on the desk , she 'd obviously been in bed and was not pleased to have been summoned from sleep .
riley came back from the counter with a giant muffin , a fruit - and - yogurt parfait and an apple .
and the apples are in the plastic container right next to the rocker . ''
` ` the kids loved my apples . ''
not one filled with picture - perfect memories of warm holidays , gaily wrapped packages and hot apple cider , like the christmases her friends enjoyed .
there 'd be roasted chestnuts and spiced apple cider and smoked turkey legs .
and , after running home to get cinnamon and cloves , cheyenne had managed to bake a coffee cake and an apple pie , which everyone seemed to like .
she used to give out caramel apples at halloween . ''
apparently in this area they did n't have to worry about someone putting razor blades in the apples .
she was carrying what looked like an apple pie and seemed flustered that he 'd answered instead of gail .
she brought us an apple pie the other night . ''
there 's a worm in my apple .
he 'd sneak off to two sisters , a local cafe , for homemade pie , the piggly wiggly for chips and soda , or lula jane 's coffee and cake , for a gigantic apple fritter .
allie was on her way out of town when she spotted grace montgomery -- grace archer since the wedding -- at the stand she occasionally ran in front of what used to be evonne walker 's house on the corner of main street and apple blossom .
` ` what , there are no newborns in the big apple ? ''
regardless of the weather , she used to sit beneath the awning in her front yard on main street at the corner of apple blossom , selling handmade soaps and lotions and , depending on the season , produce from her garden , eggs from her chickens , bottled pickles , peaches and tomatoes , sweet potato pies and brownies .
grace pictured the suv she 'd spotted on apple blossom this morning and felt a moment 's relief .
but if he lived in the baumgarter place , chances were fairly good he would n't be on apple blossom at six - thirty in the morning .
` ` a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles , an apple fritter and a maple bar . ''
` ` making caramel apples , '' she said .
` ` i love caramel apples ! ''
` ` what about a caramel apple ? ''
cindy glanced at heath and teddy , who were now trying to sell madeline a caramel apple , and lowered her voice .
madeline asked , paying attention again now that the boys had finished wrangling a couple of dollars out of her for a caramel apple .
madeline took another big bite of her apple .
the fruit - and - vegetable bin contained one apple and a few carrots .
but when she stopped at the grocery store on her way to the office to buy some apples , she found her gaze trailing after a mother carrying a baby .
` ` if they can spot kenny 's talent , gabe will be able to see it , too , '' hannah said , filling the basket on her kitchen table with apples .
` ` any chance you 'll bring me a piece of apple pie from the diner when you come out ? ''
he blinked several times , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
the big apple .
i used to bring him sugar cubes and apples . ''
she could still hear the whinny of his horses , feel the soft brush of their lips against her palm as she fed them apples or carrots .
lucky considered trading her apple cider for a glass of wine to celebrate the biggest holiday of the year .
she dragged on her coat and boots and cut up some apples before heading out the door .
a slice of apple eventually brought him back to her .
` ` that 's it , big boy , '' she crooned as he took the apple from her open palm .
after another apple slice , he actually let her pat his neck .
she shoved her bag of apples into her coat pocket and started edging toward the opposite door , so she would n't have to squeeze past him .
the bell went off over the door , but don barely glanced up before going right back to what he was doing - transferring fresh apple fritters , glazed doughnuts and maple bars from rolling metal trays to the display case .
she took a bite out of an apple and was mildly surprised when her mother did n't insist she wait until after dinner .
lately , when he was with them , he felt like an apple that had been left on the tree through the winter .
all of dundee thought she and josh went together like apple pie and ice cream .
` ` there 's an apple pie in the fridge for your dessert , '' she said , dropping a quick kiss on aunt millie 's lined cheek .
` ` i do n't miss on the days you sell apple .
i have a dutch apple and a sour cream apple , but that 's about it . ''
i have a dutch apple and a sour cream apple , but that 's about it . ''
she 'd ordered a new debit card and replacement credit cards before going to the apple store to get another iphone , but they were coming in the mail and would n't arrive for several days .
she got the feeling he 'd been following her , but it was more likely that he 'd spoken to heather just before she 'd left the office to pack francesca 's overnight bag while francesca was at the apple store .
butch 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
another memory surfaced - the day he caught his father grimacing when someone said , ` ` the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
` ` how can i convince you that an apple is good if i wo n't let you taste it ? ''
he removed the apple fritter from the sack as if he 'd eat it himself .
and free organic hot apple cider .
marigold searched between the trees - free organic hot apple cider clutched between her hands , she was not immune to its lure - and strained her ears over the sounds of laughing children and roaring chain saws .
apples and pears and roses .
someone found an apple for roth to eat .
` ` do you have apple ? ''
` ` two apples then , '' lorraine said .
` ` you ever had apple pie with cheese ? ''
` ` well , i ' ve never had apple pie with toenail clippings either , but i ' m pretty sure where i stand on that . ''
with a side of apple sauce , and sour cream . ''
the sharp tang of the cheddar brought out the hint of savory in the crust , and contrasted with the sweetness of the apples .
they tasted of apples and cheese , of the revelation of things you never imagined going so well together .
and we 'd go hiking , and we 'd pick apples from this abandoned orchard .
i wanted to be the apple of her eye .
i love you more than the stars in the sky i love you so much , i believe i can fly you are the dot to my i i am the apple in your pie .
you might know it as star apple . ''
` ` it 's bad enough that my hair is completely frizzed out , and i ' ve probably got a face as red as an apple . ''
his adam 's apple bobbed , but he fell silent .
she munched on an apple and spoke in low tones with a woman who resembled her far too closely to be anyone but her mother , though the instant she noticed james , she lit up .
i think she knew , but if i outright refused ... '' his adam 's apple bobbed , and his eyes turned red .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and he slowly reached for the communication device on his shoulder .
not to mention that if i did , it would certainly not be one who was greener than a winter apple . ''
duval is lending me a dappled gray mare of his for the day , and i slip her a bit of apple i snuck from the table .
not only is the goose cooked perfectly , crisp skin and juicy succulent meat , but there is a thick , hearty stew of mutton , leeks , and cabbage , dark brown bread and new cheese , thin red wine and pear cider , as well as baked apples with cream .
heather brought back an apple , three prewrapped slices of cheese , and a giant bottle of mexican coke .
` ` you 're supposed to wrap the cheese around the apple ; it 's like a caramel apple . ''
` ` you 're supposed to wrap the cheese around the apple ; it 's like a caramel apple . ''
` ` that does n't sound anything like a caramel apple . ''
` ` i might have to go to the apple store . ''
` ` but we were going to the apple store .
` ` we could make some more cheesy apples , '' georgie said .
the house smelled like apple - cinnamon glade and pine needles .
it was full of food ; eggs , pancakes , french toast , sausage , ham , bacon , toast , orange , grape , apple juice and chocolate milk .
i ' m sure her f**king parents are thrilled that their daughter is laid out in the big apple .
summer reaches in the bowl on the table and grabs an apple .
` ` morning , '' i reach into the fridge for an apple and take a seat at the kitchen table .
i take a bite of my apple .
i get up and toss my apple in the trash and then sit back down .
korbie was applying candy apple red to my mouth when we heard fake ghost noises coming from outside .
harbinger , n. when i was in third grade , we would play that game at recess where you 'd twist an apple while holding on to its stem , reciting the alphabet , one letter for each turn .
whenever i played , i always made sure that the apple broke at k. at the time i was doing this because no one in my grade had a name that began with k. then , in college , it seemed like everyone i fell for was a k. it was enough to make me give up on the letter , and i did n't even associate it with you until later on , when i saw your signature on a credit card receipt , and the only legible letter was that first k. i will admit : when i got home that night , i went to the refrigerator and took out another apple .
whenever i played , i always made sure that the apple broke at k. at the time i was doing this because no one in my grade had a name that began with k. then , in college , it seemed like everyone i fell for was a k. it was enough to make me give up on the letter , and i did n't even associate it with you until later on , when i saw your signature on a credit card receipt , and the only legible letter was that first k. i will admit : when i got home that night , i went to the refrigerator and took out another apple .
but i stopped twisting at j and put the apple back .
i knew that even if the apple was n't ready , i was going to pull that stem .
like a bite of poisoned apple , i swallowed the argument that the old frustration did n't have to apply to me .
in five minutes , i scarfed the corn dog , carrots and celery , and the apple slices .
a few minutes later , she brought her skinny latte and my apple juice .
lando 's adam 's apple bounced up and down in a slow slide .
it was a situation made even worse by the fact that my younger sister was the apple of my parents ' eye .
where i was resigned to the fact that loveless and my parents ' home were not places i was ever going to thrive in and find happiness , she was still there and still the apple of my stern father 's eye .
i saw his adam 's apple slide up and down and his eyes blinked fast for a second until he cleared his throat and dipped his head down in a nod .
neither was going to win since it was like an apple glaring at an orange , so i waited until the dancer looked back up at me .
i saw his adam 's apple slide up and down in his throat in response .
she was a straight - a student , class president , the apple of my parents ' eye .
flowers , apple pies , lizards , clocks , cats .
at lunch , she always ate the same thing every single day : tuna salad sandwich , pretzels , apple , lemonade .
i miss watching corny , crazy musicals like cry baby and the apple and singing the songs out loud .
he puts his right hand to work caressing the apple of my shoulder and tracing over the slight muscles in my biceps .
i allow my fingers to brush the roundness of her br**sts and sweep over the apples of her ass cheeks in feather - light strokes until she 's squirming beneath me , trying to turn over .
but i ' m enjoying the heat as i wander around the fair with dylan at my side , the smell of cotton candy and caramel apples in the air , the sounds of roller coasters and other rides in the background .
i nod in agreement , staring at a candy apple booth beside me .
lyric asks , stealing an apple from the fruit basket on the table .
kale , who 's usually a talker , freezes mid - bite of his orange slice , and stares at lyric with his jaw hanging open as she bites into the apple .
i pick up an apple from a bowl on the table and scrunch my nose at the brown spots on it .
i drop the apple back into the bowl and sigh .
when i enter the house , the smell of apple pie engulfs my nostrils .
wandering into the kitchen , i inhale the apple pie scent .
it 's like a tornado swept through the place and scattered all of our cooking supplies everywhere , and in the middle of it , right on the stove , it left a single apple pie , all golden and crispy .
` ` that he does , '' tristan agrees , opening the freezer door to grab an apple pie .
` ` just because it has apples in it , does n't mean that it 's healthier . ''
then he puts it into the cart and starts reading the back of the apple pie , his goofy attitude dissipating .
` ` shit , the apple sounds almost worse than the chocolate . ''
the man swallowed , his adam 's apple bouncing like a buoy on water .
it was n't bad , but it was n't as good as the fresh apple critters that i knew they made .
he had a cup of coffee in one hand and an apple fritter in the other .
she was feeding one of the horses an apple , while i stood in the stables watching .
my face turned as red as an apple .
i avoided approaching him as i headed in to grab an apple .
i sat across from him and took a bite of my apple .
i grabbed his hair and ran my tongue along his adams apple .
i grabbed an apple and leaned against the counter .
i saw colt 's adam 's apple move as he swallowed and tried to stay focused on not having sex with me .
it helps weed out the bad apples .
once we 'd celebrated with a big glass of apple juice , i headed to my trailer and hung the picture on my refrigerator .
everything that was edible was called an apple .
` ` does she like bananas and apples ?
moments after b was changed , i pulled out an apple and banana and started cutting them up with a knife brooks had brought with him in his bag .
he laughed at me again , picked up an apple out a bowl and threw it at me .
he could have apple juice , milk or coke and i knew he did n't want the other two .
as i pulled away i tasted the apple lip - gloss she always wore .
after trying to eat an apple , and still feeling sick over everything , i lay down and stared at the ceiling .
ford took a bite of an apple and just shook his head , while my brother whispered something in lacey 's ear .
i got my usual grilled chicken salad , along with a bottle of honeycrisp apple juice and a piece of chocolate - crusted key lime cheesecake that was depressingly small .
i ignored the salad and all of its elaborately cut veggies , cracked open the sweet , tart apple juice , and drained half of it in one gulp .
we washed everything down with spiced apple cider that was the perfect blend of sweet and tart .
cotton candy , kettle corn , caramel apples , corn dogs , deep - fried twinkies .
i 'd looked at everyone we 'd passed today , al the other kids we 'd talked to , al the profs manning the booths , al the hotel staff members making cotton candy and caramel apples .
the spartan was having what looked like a very private , very cozy breakfast with talia pizarro when i walked by and accidentall y - on - purpose spil ed my extra - large spiced apple cider all over their blueberry , ricotta - cheese pancakes and strawberry shortcake waffles .
` ` i made an apple pie while you were at the coliseum , '' grandma said .
we washed the meal down with some warm apple cider and hot chocolate .
i washed everything down with a glass of fresh - squeezed apple juice , enjoying the cool fruity concoction .
i found chance in the kitchen reading the newspaper while eating an apple .
when i realized he was eating the last apple i was frustrated .
he looked down at the half eaten apple and tossed it across the counter .
did he really throw an apple at me ?
a red apple sat on my dresser .
he snatched the last apple in the wooden bowl and took a big bite out of it .
i leaned on the other side of the counter and watched chance taking another bite of his apple .
i reached across the counter and grabbed the apple from him .
i watched his adam 's apple move as he swallowed .
his adam 's apple bobbled as he swallowed .
learnin ' how to make my gram 's apple pie .
arilyn shrugged and sipped her apple martini .
i ' m not holding your apple plump ass cheeks in my palms . ''
to the way the teacher would smile in delight at the apple my mother always had me take .
she said if i put an apple in their hand , i would be putting their hearts in my pocket .
i always felt ridiculous giving them the apple , but my mother is very big on being ` ` generous '' to everyone and is always giving out things , even hugs .
he laughed and threw his head back a bit , his voice rumbly and rough , his adam 's apple bobbing .
menu - wise i went for arugula and pear salad with goat cheese and a light vinaigrette , my special pasta pesto , a loaf of homemade bread , and apple tarts dusted with cinnamon for dessert .
with a low , unexpected groan , he clamps his hand over mine and forces my hand down against his erection - pulsing between his legs and as hard as i ' ve ever felt it - then he turns his head and takes my mouth in a quick , heady kiss that tastes of cinnamon and apples and him .
dragging my lips up his scar and toward his neck and those thick tendons i really like and the adam 's apple that makes his voice rumble the way it does , he tilts my head up by the chin and looks at me , smoldering eyes trailing down to my tits , my abdomen , my perfectly waxed pu**y , and the way he looks at me as if he 's photographing me in his mind sends a dizzying current racing through me .
` ` a big slice of hot apple pie with homemade crust .
` ` tell her to concentrate on finding some good recipes for lasagna and apple pie . ''
` ` forget the lasagna and apple pie .
` ` cassie made an apple pie for dessert . ''
` ` i ca n't even recall the last time i had homemade apple pie , '' deke said .
` ` may have been the apple pie , '' he said .
` ` how about that cognac you served with the apple pie ? ''
` ` not exactly lasagna and apple pie , '' he said when he put the plate containing the toasted cheese sandwich in front of her a short time later .
i assume that was what we were going for with the lasagna and apple pie bit . ''
` ` herb chose the lasagna and the apple pie and this dress . ''
her smile was as sweet as a caramel - covered apple - the poisoned variety .
that 's why egyptians guard it like the apple of their eye . ''
` ` how do you like them apples , mr . high - and - mighty harte ?
it had picked up speed in recent decades , washing away the old pear and apple orchards and the ranchlands and dairy farms in its path .
aunt sara owned an apple orchard , remember ? ''
ten minutes later , he turned onto the narrow lane that cut through the old apple orchard .
the apples hung heavily from the trees .
` ` i hate to think of all those lovely old apple trees being destroyed , '' lucy said , ` ` but i ' m not a fanatic about saving the gravensteins like sara was . ''
` ` at a rough estimate , what do you think my aunt 's old apple orchard is worth ? ''
i had made an apple pie a couple of days ago and i still had a slice left for tonight .
i hope you like green apple .
sour apple gell never tasted so great , but it left me thirsty and puckered my entire throat .
after a long drink at the shelter fountain and three more gels mr . anderson had stashed in his car ( all sour apple ) , i felt a little more human .
they were sour apple and made me want to puke .
i might have stayed there another drowsy hour , but the kitchen smells of coffee and baked apple pancakes ( meryl 's specialty ) were just too much torture to ignore .
by the time mom and dad stumbled down for coffee and warmed - up apple pancakes , we were onto my visiting her on the island during easter break in time for spring lambing , and all talk of me and mitch was over , covered , and done .
his adam 's apple bobbed in a hard swallow and , suddenly , his eyes slid from mine .
` ` and apple pie ?
the whipped cream she 'd made to go with the apple pie and apparently left out on the counter .
the assistant kitchen angel would n't give her any apple pie .
rebecca would swear until she turned blue in the face that the wench deliberately skipped over her - and rebecca really , really liked apple pie .
it does n't take much to upset this apple cart .
` ` when you want to tame a horse , you offer her an apple .
she has to get used to your scent and your delicious apples before she 'll let you put the bridle on her .
` ` all i ' m saying is i have plenty of apples , '' the crime lord said .
you 'd like my apples . ''
the top of the dress featured strips of brown fabric that narrowed on the side and spread across the blue skirt , imitating thin , twisted , apple branches .
jack 's paper bag contained another turkey sandwich , some bars made out of grain and seeds , and an apple .
she tasted of wine and apples and that enchanting indescribable feminine spice that drove all reason from his head .
a first - time young thief who 'd stolen an apple to feed his mother would win the basher 's compassion , and he 'd argue for leniency .
after a moment , the carriage jerked forward , and things splattered against it - the denizens making good use of the handy horse apples in the street .
a slender foot - long blade slid against his adam 's apple , reflecting light .
her hair smells like apples .
he was tall and very thin , with a prominent adam 's apple .
the apple did n't fall far from the tree - at nine , kenny was a bully and a loudmouth .
and apples for jack .
a bag of apples and a plastic container of strawberries came up missing .
` ` apple pie . ''
the apple did n't fall far from the tree , she supposed .
the apple does n't fall far from the tree , you know .
the normal scents of my apartment floated to me , the hint of synthetic apple from the soap in the bathroom , the fragrance of vanilla from the candle by my bed , and strongest of all , the stench of dog fur , a leftover from when my friend kate 's poodle grendel had kept me company .
the same held true for carrots and potatoes , chicken and steak , apples and bananas , until peter began to wonder if his mom had eaten anything at all .
` ` the apple strudel ? ''
he wiggled from head to toe when emma spilled the contents of a napkin - half her apple strudel and the crust of peter 's pie - onto the ground for him .
emma felt suddenly wide awake , here among the rotting crab apples and the twisting grass .
as they left , the tires bounced over the unripened crab apples that littered the drive , and the stained - glass windows of the church threw tinted colors on the hood of the car .
emma sat down beneath a tree and unpacked a thermos and an apple from her backpack .
he watched her bite into the apple , thinking how she - like him - did n't seem to have any friends at school , but though he could n't have explained why , he knew the situation was different somehow .
when they rounded the corner , peter could see that there was a small table set up near her brother 's grave , right there among the tall grass and the fallen crab apples .
they rummaged through the refrigerator , spilling everything out onto the counter and then standing side by side as they assembled the meal , a random assortment ranging from microwave popcorn to apple slices , two leftover pieces of pizza , and some frozen peas .
` ` no , i am , '' he told her , reaching for an apple slice and popping it into his mouth .
even a dirty window or stale apple pie could be a kind of miracle .
but they do , of course they do , and everything goes quiet again ; after traveling nearly five hundred miles per hour for almost seven hours , they now commence crawling to the gate with all the unhurried speed of an apple cart .
her suitcase rocks back and forth unsteadily as she hurries past the checkpoint and toward the baggage claim , deciding that the apple she grabbed from the fridge at home does n't really count as a farm product .
in the other she sees the lavender bushes and the old apple tree with its twisted branches .
they had a house with a porch and a yard with an apple tree ; there was a swingset around the side and a neighboring field of grazing horses .
but they were approaching an enormous gift shop , the whole window filled with green foam crowns shaped like the statue of liberty , big apple pens and pencils and paperweights , yankees jerseys , and iheartny shirts like the ones he 'd grumbled about to lucy .
from across a sea of miniature yellow cabs and red apples , he could see his father wandering back in his direction .
` ` always science , '' she noted one day , her legs dangling from the counter , where she sat eating an apple and watching him .
when they 'd learned that the house had finally sold , they 'd toasted with mugs of apple juice .
he threaded his fingers in my hair , his adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed hard .
he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple bobbing .
his head dropped back against the wall and he swallowed so hard i could see his adam 's apple give way .
and when i 'd finally been given the talk , it had been with so many euphemisms even i had become confused while trying to figure out what drumsticks had to do with warm apple pie .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed , and he pinned me down with his penetrating stare .
no sooner did the apple icon disappear from the screen than my phone buzzed .
then he caressed the words of that last sentence until they shone as brightly as the apple the serpent offered eve .
ian 's words rang in his head with all the sinful temptation of a snake holding out an apple .
i 'd like to experience the big apple for a while .
she looked pretty and young , like an english country lass in a commercial for milk or apples , except the look in her eye said she had some sharp farm implements she would like to stab him with back in the barn .
apples and oranges .
the apple does nt fall far from the tree , unfortunately .
i transferred the apple i d snagged from tommys refrigerator from the pocket of my overcoat to the pocket of my riding coat .
digging my fingernails into the apple in my pocket , i walked quickly through the cold barn , glancing at the horses that peeked out of their stalls , searching for a stable hand .
i was holding the apple out in front of me .
boo - boos soft , surprisingly nimble lips plucked the apple out of my palm .
i wiped the apple juice on my jeans and put up my hand to make sure i was wearing my helmet before i ventured farther into the dark stall to find the tack .
she would love any random person holding an apple .
sky served warm apple pie and vanilla ice cream for dessert .
granda had poured wine for himself and kaiden , and a glass of sparkling apple cider for sky .
the smell of an apple pie wafted from the kitchen .
there 's a fresh apple pie in the kitchen , still warm from the oven . ''
my mom makes the world 's best apple pie . ''
` ` shirley made an apple pie last night . ''
he would miss his library , and mrs . grainger 's apple dumplings , and the sense of accomplishment he felt at the end of each year .
he glanced at the bounty spread before him- shiny red apples , bunches of bananas , fragrant oranges , grapefruit , lettuce , celery , carrots , potatoes , and onions .
she opened a drawer in the bottom and saw apples and lettuce , potatoes , onions , tomatoes , and cucumbers .
taking an apple from the cold cupboard , she poured milk into the cup , and then carried both outside .
she nibbled at the apple , which was crisp and sweet .
his body had violently rejected the vampire 's blood and he had slowly shriveled up until , at the end , he had looked rather like a human dried apple .
she opened the refrigerator , her nostrils filling with the scent of butter and eggs and milk , apples and oranges , mustard and ketchup .
his father had noted that roger west had rejected the vampire 's blood and that he had died a violent death , his body slowly shriveling up until , at the end , he had looked like a human dried apple .
i painted one wall white and the other three a pale apple green .
i could n't imagine never drinking a glass of ice - cold lemonade on a hot day , never eating a double scoop of fudge - ripple ice cream , never biting into a cold , tart green apple , or a juicy slice of watermelon .
i found apples and oranges , some string cheese , a box of crackers , a couple of bottles of water , and several of my favorite candy bars .
did he ever miss real food , or think about sinking his teeth into a tart apple or a juicy orange instead of living flesh ?
logan eyed it the way adam must have looked at the apple ; then , remembering what had happened the last time he partook of human food , he shook his head .
not exactly the kind of diet a pregnant woman was supposed to eat , she reminded herself , and with that thought in mind , she added some fruit to the cart - oranges because they smelled good , red apples because she liked the color , watermelon and peaches and pears , lettuce and tomatoes .
` ` apple pie a la mode and a cup of coffee , black . ''
not that he did n't enjoy hunting as much as the next vampire , but he remembered all too clearly the taste of mortal food : hamburgers and french fries , chicken and mashed potatoes smothered in gravy , beans and rice , apple pie .
the second one held paper plates , bowls , cups , glasses , and utensils , as well as a loaf of bread , a box of cereal , packets of sugar and cream , several candy bars , apples , bananas , oranges , peanut butter , jelly , and a package of blueberry muffins .
and apple pie . ''
kevin pulled an apple out of his pocket and took a bite .
i tried not to drool , but i had n't had a normal fruit like an apple in a while .
he smiled , pulling a second apple from his other pocket .
i took a bite of the crisp apple .
he tossed his apple core into a bin .
there are always a few bad apples in the mix .
ralph tossed an apple core into the trash can next to me .
` ` if he really loved you he 'd have brought you some apple . ''
` ` they choose apple because no one over the age of eight likes grape juice . ''
i hated when one bad apple spoiled the bunch .
i settled on an apple walnut salad .
he swallowed ; i could see his adam 's apple move .
the new clerk was a kid with pimples and a huge adam 's apple , who stared at me eagerly as if he was trying to make a print in his head of how i looked , the sister of a murderer .
i began picking thoughts out of the air , like apples from a laden tree .
i hated the taste of the synthetic blood bill insisted i drink , so he 'd mixed it with apple juice , and i was trying not to look as i gulped it down .
claudine came in , with an apple in her hand .
claudine looked pleased and threw her apple core in the garbage can .
the apple .
with a tremendous effort , i kept my eyes fixed on his adam 's apple .
sandra is the apple of their eye , and the only reason they 're pursuing this with such vigor is that sandra expected it . ''
he was slightly withered , like a delicious apple that had been in the crisper too long , but his back was absolutely straight and he wore no glasses .
i fixed baked apples stuffed with raisins and cinnamon and butter and popped them in to bake and i flavored some canned green beans and some canned corn and put them on low heat .
he had headed over to barnegat bay bottles , the scuzziest package store in all of seaside heights , maybe new jersey , to procure a couple cases of beer and several bottles of boone 's farm wine : apple and strawberry .
` ` how about some apple slices and some milk ? ''
i think we 'd better stick to the apple slices . ''
i toss a couple bottles of water and an apple into my bag and make a cup of coffee to take with me .
i grab a bottle of water and an apple from the fridge , and when i start heading to my room , kimber is walking out of hers and shutting the door behind her .
feeling a little uncomfortable and embarrassed , i throw in a couple bags of lettuce and some apples .
she 's a dance major at uw and spends hours in the studio nearly seven days a week , so she always has an appetite when i cook for her since her idea of cooking is grabbing an apple from her fridge .
` ` i forgot the sour apple lollipops ! ''
` ` the sour apple lollipops .
then , faster than a pit stop at the indy 500 , i ' m back on the road , with the coveted sour apple lollipops rolling around in the backseat .
her scent is sweet , fruity , with a hint of spice - like a ripe apple with a touch of cinnamon .
the scent of her skin , her hair - it 's sweet and spicy , apples and cinnamon , distinct .
organic - apple slices and whole - grain cheerios - without sugar .
i feel kate 's eyes on me and i pop a piece of apple into james 's mouth .
she comes over and takes an apple slice for herself .
all i know about her is that she smells like apples and cinnamon and she has the softest brown hair i ' ve ever seen or felt , brown eyes that darken to almost black when she 's kissed , and skin the color of milk that turns pink when she 's nervous or embarrassed .
i ask , taking a step towards her , the smell of apples and cinnamon growing stronger the closer i get .
` ` do you ... '' he stops to look at me and i see his adam 's apple bob as he swallows .
but her stash of food was four apples she grabbed from a bowl in the town house 's kitchen as she and rainier were leaving .
he opened the chill box 's lid and pulled out a whole roasted chicken , a small wheel of cheese , and three apples .
surreal bit off a piece of apple and chewed slowly .
with their tummies sufficiently full , the children had fallen asleep before they 'd gotten to the apples .
lucivar took a mouthful of water , then corked the jug and dug an apple out of the pack .
` ` not bad , tersa , '' he said as he munched on the apple .
he tossed the apple core in the sink and picked up the pack and war blade he 'd set on the table .
` ` before blaed could say anything , thera grabbed an apple from the bowl the servants had brought and threw it at him .
` ` so there 's polli having hysterics , and cathryn 's crying 'cause she 's scared , and thera 's screaming at blaed , and blaed 's rushing toward thera while she 's reaching back for another apple , and randolf and brock are trying to jump in before it gets really nasty .
` ` the males all stopped cold , and i hushed cathryn , but polli was still wailing about her moontime - hell 's fire , eveni could tell that whatever was paining her , it was n't that- and thera was still screaming about heartless pricks who could n't keep their pants buttoned and holding that apple so hard she was squishing it to pulp . ''
` ` here , '' blaed grumbled , thrusting a plate of sandwiches and apple slices at jared .
the woman 's behavior was forgotten as soon as jared rounded a table and saw the fruit hidden behind the apples .
nodding , jared turned away to select some apples .
hastily gathering the apples , jared set them on the counter , noticing that blaed had added a bag of flour , a small block of salt , and two bags of sugar .
using craft and his thumbnail , daemon delicately pealed an apple .
the thick beef and vegetable stew had been delicious , as had been the bread , cheese , and slightly tart apples , and she 'd consumed them with enthusiasm .
the girls were sitting on the floor in a circle , busily sketching a still life of vase , apple , and trinket box .
cook handed him another mug of coffee and three apples .
put the apples in your pocket - and mind you keep one for yourself . ''
daemon slipped the apples into his pocket .
daemon polished two apples on his coat sleeve and solemnly gave one to each of them .
he could n't make himself turn his back on them , could n't give up looking at her altogether , but he settled his face into a bland expression and began to eat the apple .
daemon shrugged into his coat , went into the kitchen , pinched a couple of apples from the basket , sent cook a broad wink , and gave himself up to a morning with jaenelle .
he took the apples from his pocket and handed her one .
he tossed the apple core toward the bushes for the birds to find .
this subject almost caused an actual fight one day at lunch when i threatened to remove his adam 's apple with my spork if he did n't agree with what i said about healthcare .
i expect a call anytime you are anywhere near the big apple , '' i said , giving her a hug .
i followed the column of his throat to his adam 's apple : perfection ; to his jaw : perfection ; and then his lips - holy fudge : perfection .
he pulled off his shirt , then grabbed a few apples from the truck .
hank asked , starting to juggle the three apples he was holding .
want to try giving one of them an apple ? ''
like when hank threw me that apple , i got a thrill from that , right ?
holding an apple pie on my lap .
your very own hot apple pie .
a man about town , a globetrotter , a secret cat whisperer who would sell his soul for an apple pie .
as the pretty blonde brings an apple pie to the sideboard , the gorgeous man gives her a secret smile that makes her blush .
mimi whispered , her eyes as wide as apple pies .
i picked up some apples yesterday while i was out , and i ' ve been craving pie all week .
` ` apple pie ?
homemade apple pie ?
` ` you show up with apple pie tomorrow night , and i may not let you leave , '' he breathed , his cheeks rosy and his messy hair blowing in the cool air .
how are you with peeling apples ?
` ` get in there and grab an apple , buddy , '' i said and walked toward the kitchen , adding a little extra swish to my hips .
i glanced down at my outfit , noting my tank top , old jeans , bare feet , and chef 's apron that said , you should see my scones ... ` ` now when you said ' grab an apple , ' what exactly were you referring to ? ''
` ` i ' m gon na have to ask you not to do that if you 're serious about me peeling apples here , '' he said , eyes widening .
gon na peel me some apples , '' he told himself and turned away toward the colander filled with apples in the sink .
gon na peel me some apples , '' he told himself and turned away toward the colander filled with apples in the sink .
` ` peeling apples , just peeling apples .
` ` peeling apples , just peeling apples .
within fifteen minutes , we had a bowlful of peeled and sliced apples , a perfectly rolled - out pie crust , and we 'd both consumed our first glass of wine .
he smirked and turned away , which gave me the opportunity to mutter , ` ` oh my jesus lord , '' to no one in particular before meeting him back at the apple bowl .
i started tossing the apples with my hands and simon followed my instructions to the letter .
i placed an apple on his tongue , and he snapped his mouth shut before i had to chance to remove my fingers .
my sexual wall had been hit , and as i prepared to rip the clothes from his body , throw him to the ground , and ride him amid a pile of apples and cinnamon with only a rolling pin to guide us , my phone rang .
i asked , nodding at simon who had started pouring the apples into the pie dish .
i ' m having dinner with simon , and we 're making an apple pie , '' i explained , which she immediately screamed out to sophia .
suddenly i could smell the apple pie and heard the oven door clank shut .
what is it about apples and homemade pie crust ?
i grabbed an apple and headed in the direction of my room with sophia hot on my tail , as expected .
` ` apple tartlet , but it looks terrible on me .
bent over , little apron with nothing underneath , rolling pin in hand , and a bowl full of apples ? ''
` ` apples ?
oh boy , i love apples , '' he groaned , picking up my other foot and placing it on the opposite shoulder , his hands roughly pulling me even farther toward the edge , his pace picking up again just a bit .
your very own apple pie , even a homemade crust ... all for you , big guy .
` ` you know , it does , but back to the apples .
` ` dirtier than apple pie talk ? ''
` ` how about this , if you do n't stop all this apple pie talk , '' he started , leaning down to place his mouth against my ear , making me shiver .
` ` apple pie for me ? ''
oh , god ... '' ` ` that 's right , apple pie for me , apple pie for - god , you 're tight this way . ''
oh , god ... '' ` ` that 's right , apple pie for me , apple pie for - god , you 're tight this way . ''
you promised to bake me an apple pie .
i ' m sitting here eating your apple pie ... think about that .
` ` good news , '' i murmur , nuzzling my nose into her soft hair , my senses being filled with her apple scented shampoo .
beside the bouquet is a takeaway coffee , a chicken caesar salad , and a spiced apple muffin .
` ` you still said okay , '' he says with a smirk , drinking his coffee as my attention falls to his adam 's apple and then down to his chest .
his adam 's apple bobs in his throat as he swallows again , the lines of his throat tightening in anticipation as he realizes my intentions .
popping the cap and taking a long first swig , i marvel at the way his adam 's apple bobs up and down with every swallow .
` ` but he 's my apple pie , kate , '' i say with a pout , pretending to stamp my feet at the same time .
` ` he 's the warm apple pie that wants the whipped cream on top .
scout pulled an apple from her bag , then nodded down the street and toward the right .
` ` the architecture is modern , '' she said , taking a bite of her apple , ` ` but the bank is very old - school chicago .
in apple green was a circle enclosing a capital y. markers , i thought , pointing out the locations of two kinds of something across the city .
candy apple green - the same color as the firespell that had bitten into my skin .
the air in the room vibrated , contracted , and expanded , and the light seemed to shift to apple green , the table suddenly flying above our heads with sebastian 's burst of firespell .
he began to pick through a plastic milk crate of random objects , then pulled out a small lamp and its round lamp shade , a couple of wooden blocks , and three red apples .
then he put the lamp and apples on the table and organized them into a tidy arrangement .
she picked a small , glossy lacquered apple from one of her collections and put it on her bed , then stood back .
scout blew out a breath and tucked her chin in to her chest , giving the apple a concentrated stare .
the bags of blood still held no appeal , so i grabbed an apple and munched at the kitchen counter , flipping through the day 's paper .
i headed to the living room , chucking the apple core on the way , and checked the peephole .
while i loved the big apple as much as the next girl , i was a cubs fan through and through .
` ` judging all vampires based on the actions of a single bad apple ?
i sipped the champagne , which was cold and crisp and tasted like apples , then gestured to the crowd around us .
it would be enough , or so ethan hoped , to make my father believe we were offering bites of a much larger apple .
and our merit loved the big apple .
i took a sip of warm apple juice .
all had slightly porcine faces , upturned noses , and apple cheeks .
it 's al apples and cabbage and granola in there right now . ''
i could identify pickles , apples , and tomato sauce .
they were garlic - spiced apples . ''
i was especially fond of foods that could be dipped - tortilla chips , celery sticks , apple wedges , chocolate drops .
ethan found me , prepared me , and took my body for his own , lust lingering with exhaustion , with sweat , love made tangible by palms and calves , with the curve of his spine and the apple of his shoulder , with my br**sts and his fingers .
before i had time to wonder if i should eavesdrop , jonah emerged from the cafeteria at the other end of the hall , a glossy red apple in hand .
jonah crunched on the apple .
he lifted his eyebrows teasingly , then took a final bite of the apple before chunking the core into a small , decorative wastebasket on the other side of the hallway .
it would upset his apple cart .
her features were voluptuous : apple cheekbones , pert nose , lush lips .
her eyes were tipped with dark lashes , her mouth generous and accented with shimmery peach gloss , her cheeks two rosy apples .
the apples , the vegetables , the salad and chicken ... nothing .
i watched his adam 's apple bob in his throat .
floating in the water were thick slices of red apple and many cinnamon sticks .
she set her apple cinnamon water aside and stood , placing her pink - manicured fingers on her hips .
he swallowed , the thick adam 's apple in his throat bobbed , and i stared at the open v the collar of his white dress shirt made against his skin .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing in his throat .
` ` i ' m not really that hungry , '' i said , watching the way his adam 's apple bobbed in his throat .
3 honor consciousness worked its way into my brain like a worm wiggling into a wild apple lying beneath a tree .
` ` apple pie it is . ''
` ` apple , '' honor answered .
i went into the kitchen and pulled out a wooden cutting board , a knife , and a bag of green apples .
` ` apple .
i showed him the apples .
after i rolled out the crust and draped it in the pie pan , i added the sugar and smidge of flour to the sliced apples .
` ` do you often make apple pie in the middle of the night ? ''
the scent of apples and cinnamon mixed with his heady pine scent and my eyes slid shut as his lips moved over mine .
the apple pie on the counter called out to me , and my stomach grumbled .
` ` apple pie .
he grunted and stuck the fork with a bite of cinnamon - covered apple in my face .
my gaze fastened right to his throat when his adam 's apple bobbed up and down with every swallow .
his adam 's apple bobbed in his throat and his eyes seemed heavy - lidded when he reached for the zipper and slowly , achingly slid it upward .
heven the sweet scent of apples filled the cool air as it rustled through the leaves of the apple trees .
the twisting branches were in full bloom , abundant with bright red fruit , and the long paths between the rows of trees were nothing but ankle - high grass dotted with apples already fallen from their stems .
we ask for every apple you produce that you equal that in peace for logan because he deserves no less . ''
silently , sam twisted off an apple from a nearby branch and set it in the center where the casket had been lowered into the ground .
i watched a perfectly ripe , red apple taken over by flames practically melt off the tree .
the half - peeled apple lay discarded in my lap as i stared out into the sky - the sky that promised snow .
we sat there for a while and then he pulled away , took the knife and the half - peeled apple from my lap , and began where i left off .
` ` most of them , '' he replied , concentrating on the new apple in his hands .
` ` how about instead of lighting anything else on fire , you go make me a pie with these apples ? ''
it was n't the type of shiny contemporary place on the main street in portland that served apple martinis alongside crystal bowls filled with roasted mixed nuts .
i told gran that i fell out of one of the apple trees while i was pruning in the orchard and landed on a broken branch that scraped my face .
* we beat cole and gemma to the orchard and were sitting beneath an apple tree when cole appeared .
cole followed our eyes , and when he saw gemma , he stood and met her a few rows of apple trees away .
she tasted faintly of apples , sweet and tart .
` ` hush , now , '' i whispered and reached into my pocket , withdrawing a large red apple .
thankfully , i had the foresight to slice the apple into fourths so it would take longer for him to eat .
i fed jasper a second slice of apple and he chomped happily , ignoring the intrusion .
slipping the last slice of apple to jasper , i moved over next to sam , reaching up to brush away the mark .
the orchard was showing promise for bountiful apples in the fall .
the twisting apple trees were full of leaves and blossoming fruit .
the scent of him , strong , heady and deep mixed with the fragrant sweet , budding apples overhead acted as a balm to everything that had happened that day .
i reached into the bag i was carrying and pulled out a crisp red apple .
if we get a lot of good fruit then we can set up a farming stand and people can come and buy bushels of apples or pick their own .
a combination of vanilla and apple .
warm apple cider .
it was sort of like apple juice but better .
a little while later , i stood up to wave to the vendor with the apple cider .
my thumb made lazy circles around the apple of her cheek .
she did n't say anything , she did n't look at him , she just scowled at something unseen and chomped on slices of apple .
she bit off another piece of apple and popped it in her mouth .
josh liked apples and hated pears , could n't stand the grainy feel of them in his mouth .
` ` that my son liked apples . ''
he even munched on an apple .
all he wanted was an apple and to cruise some mortal earth tv channels .
he took another bite of apple and was trying to figure out how to dvr criminal minds when he heard the steel gate in the observation room glide open .
he set his apple down and went invisible .
in it , nine small satsuma tangerines were piled one atop another , tempting him with the forbidden as though he stared at the apple from the garden of eden .
and without debating the damn subject one more second , she let her shields fall , like gravity tugging apples straight down .
goddammit , he was attracted to her like falling apples to gravity .
` ` i 'll cut up some apples and cheese as well .
just as he bit into a slice of red apple , a strange , very realm , sensation crept over him , something he 'd experienced only a few times in his life .
you made a push to pass through all the permits for her bakery and i 'll bet you a bushel of fall apples that she 's the one that brought the invictus tonight . ''
she worked her skinny ass off keeping their place clean and filled with weird little decorative shit , like pictures of apples and stands with scented candles .
gwenna was either drunk with power , or the martini that was essentially pure alcohol with a dash of apple flavoring had gone straight to her head .
he could sink his teeth in there , with a firm bite , and his fangs would puncture like into a soft apple .
the house had n't changed for twelve years after my mother died , the same plaid furniture and oak kitchen table in the exact same spots where she had placed them , a border with faded red apples circled the breakfast nook .
` ` it was apple . ''
he ate a slice of pumpkin and apple .
his adam 's apple moved as he swallowed , his upper lip curling up to indicate it was in fact a huge problem .
` ` eve presented me with the apple and i bit , i am sorry .
he tapped her face in the photo , half hidden behind sebastian 's round apple cheek and her own sunglasses .
she took another sip of her martini because she was thirsty and it tasted so good , like apples and cinnamon sugar , like a big , wet lollipop .
his adam 's apple shifted as he swallowed hard .
candy apple red .
so he entered the back door of the white house , off the gravel driveway where he had been parking his car , anticipating eating an apple for dinner .
and there 's an apple pie for dessert . ''
like the serpent offering eve the apple .
` ` come on , i 'll get my keys and we can drive into the apple orchard .
once in , she nimbly jumped onto the top of the cab , reached out her hand , and plucked a ripe apple off the tree closest to her , all in her pretty little skirt .
he 'd had strippers gyrate in front of him with practiced moves , he 'd had gorgeous women drop their cocktail dresses to the floor , leaving them in nothing but heels , and yet not one had ever been as flat - out hot as piper tucker winking at him over an apple , perched on the top of her truck , legs a tad apart in her skirt .
there 's a thousand apples . ''
her apple dangled just below her waist , so he took her wrist and raised it to his lips .
she pressed the apple into his hand , and before he could process what she was about , she was gone .
a few well - placed maneuvers and piper had put herself in a tree , one leg on either side of the branch , her nimble fingers reaching out to pluck another apple for herself .
he bit her apple and chewed , reflecting .
a beautiful woman was offering to get it on in her truck in an apple orchard .
putting her apple in her teeth , she came down off the branch and lightly dropped down next to him .
she removed the apple from her mouth .
he tossed his apple to the ground and reached for her .
` ` that was an apple .
after carelessly dropping her apple into the dirt , she groped , she clawed , she nipped at brady like he was the only thing standing between her and satisfaction , which she supposed , in a way , he was .
her lips were soft , sweet from the apple , open for him .
so why did he feel like he 'd drunk too much apple juice ?
brady taking a bite of her apple .
he had fantasies about being back in the apple orchard , proposing to her to show he was serious about being committed to her , giving her the gift he had picked out for her at a little artsy boutique in chicago , the ring he thought suited her perfectly .
` ` well if it ai n't little kia james back from the big apple .
and three , her hair smells like apples .
she hugs my arm , and i breathe in the sharp apple scent of her hair , the ends tickling my nose .
~ ` ` i went to the supermarket and i bought an apple . ''
` ` i went to the supermarket and i bought an apple , '' he repeats , sitting opposite me on the picnic bench .
i went to the supermarket and i bought an apple and a beer . ''
` ` i went to the supermarket and bought an apple , a beer , and a crotchless thong . ''
i went to the supermarket and i bought an apple , a beer , a crotchless thong , and a dildo . ''
braden walks in , eating an apple .
braden straightens , dropping the apple core in the trashcan .
i scoop an apple up from the bowl in between us and take a bite , winking at her as i leave the kitchen .
i rest against the wall outside the frat house , finish the apple , and throw the core in the bin .
she likes beginners , and if you chuck her one of these ... '' she throws me an apple i did n't even realize she was holding .
i wink at megan , and throw and catch the apple .
i walk up to her , gently reaching out to rub her neck and offering the apple .
her office overlooks st . morris 's gardens , and i look towards the apple trees filling with tiny apples .
her office overlooks st . morris 's gardens , and i look towards the apple trees filling with tiny apples .
i swallow , silently counting the apples i can see on the tree .
` ` too much cotton candy and caramel apple temptation .
he ran a hand over his face , nodding as his adam 's apple bobbed in a long swallow .
they were light green , like an apple , and damn , would n't that come across as the most unsexy comment ever ?
and your eyes remind me of apples .
of course she had no idea how very much he liked apples .
` ` apples and pears . ''
` ` apples and oranges . ''
definitely apples and pears .
trust that we will take care of finding them new homes , if the time comes- '' he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple making a slow trip down the strong column of his throat .
ginger sat at the tiny table , surprisingly rested after only five hours sleep , and munched away at an apple from the complimentary basket .
nola snagged an apple from a basket on the counter and crunched .
as in lunch , with some salty fries and a couple of apple pies .
after they finished the final bite of apple pie , she glanced over at him .
waves surged and crashed while the stereo piped one of her favorite songs , ` ` do n't sit under the apple tree . ''
except had n't she just realized- how long since she 'd been at the support meeting ? -that military people had flaws and bad apples like anywhere else .
the seasoned marine 's eyes radiated a pity lucas had n't seen since a teacher slipped him an extra apple in elementary school .
no pb and js and apples in sight .
yep , it was shaped like an apple and it said visitor .
and we always went to the county fair and ate lots of candy apples . ''
` ` my daddy did like candy apples , lots .
` ` and then at the school playground he had on his fixer - man clothes and a visitor 's pass shaped like an apple so i really thought it was okay if he pushed me on the swing for a while . ''
he tugged out two packs of dried apples and tossed one to her .
` ` it 's about the closest i can come to apple cider . ''
but he held back , lowering his mouth to take her lips instead , tasting apples and warm , moist alicia .
` ` uh- '' his adam 's apple bobbed ` ` -you 're gon na jump , too , sir ? ''
mary elise refrained from asking for an apple , a senseless request after the kid had already been offered candy .
darcy fished out an apple and polished it on the leg of her flight suit .
` ` landing calculations complete , '' she reported , crunching a bite of her apple .
darcy flipped the microphone to the side while she finished her apple .
darcy pitched aside her apple core just as they descended to seven hundred feet for a low - level approach to the island .
` ` do you have anything in there besides apples ?
slanting his mouth over hers he tasted apples , cider , cinnamon - warm honeyed flavors he would never be able to sample again without thinking of her .
` ` i should have offered her something healthier like a cheese stick or an apple , but i just wanted everything to be perfect for her . ''
she refused to live her life as the scared little country girl she 'd once been , hiding in her room , too afraid to slip out and grab a mushy apple from behind mom 's beer .
` ` he might think he 's high and mighty and better than me , but the apple do n't fall far from the tree .
he gulped hard , causing his adam 's apple to bob up and down .
as a result , some of her more popular items included the fried apple fritters and chocolate caramel doughnut holes .
where would we be if eve had n't eaten the apple ?
she ordered an apple cinnamon crepe and they ate in a silence that was oddly companionable , considering the safe world she lived in had crumbled around her .
i asked lottie as i jabbed the knife into an apple .
` ` i know , '' i said , pushing down on the knife so it cut the apple in half .
unlike my sister , angel , who had married a man who owned an organic farm and had moved to the middle of nowhere to raise fainting goats and chickens and grow apples .
i finished my shower and got dressed before venturing into the kitchen for an apple and some cheese .
` ` but you lived with will , '' i said , turning my apple over in my hands , contemplating whether i wanted to eat it now or save it for later .
i went to the kitchen and grabbed an apple .
tony bennett sang to her that she should have herself a merry little christmas , accompanied by a street vendor hawking hot cider nearby , close enough that avery could inhale the faint aroma of apple and cinnamon and clove .
` ` takin ' a byte outta her apple . ''
' course she likes bread and sausage and chicken and green beans and apples and cheese as well , '' indio continued .
artemis asked , quite reasonably , as he bit into an apple .
he held the apple between his teeth - ignoring his sister 's wrinkled nose - as he wrote : small , very inquisitive boy with a dog , a nursemaid , and a curious mother .
her eyebrows shot up as he crunched the apple .
apollo used it now on his sister , who retaliated by laughing and flinging an apple at him .
she was turning an apple around and around in her fingers .
he touched his hand to his adam 's apple .
` ` i think of you , my lady , as more of an apple tart , '' captain trevillion murmured .
edwin 's adam 's apple bobbled in his throat .
` ` there 's cheese and half an apple tart i wheedled from penelope 's cook . ''
he bit into the tart , nearly moaning over the crisp - sweet apple .
` ` you ' ve half a loaf of bread in here and two apples .
it was n't until after a lovely apple tart that artemis could only pick at that she found out miss picklewood 's true intent .
` ` what does- '' a tall form cut through the crowd like a saber through an apple .
megs stood , clad in a fresh apple green and pink frock , puttering about near his dresser .
megs sat on the round carpet by her bed , her skirts a pool of apple green and pink about her .
she nodded absently , turning to run a finger down a crease in one of the old apple tree 's branches .
megs poked at the apple tree rather irritably before heaving a sigh .
she fished in a pocket of her dress and took out a small apple .
she bit off a piece of the apple , and taking it from her own mouth , held it to his .
` ` i told you that apple tree was n't dead . ''
she was wearing bright pink and apple green this morning and looked like the very embodiment of spring as she picked her way down the gravel path .
she shook her head and gazed at the apple tree again , softly murmuring , ` ` not dead at all . ''
he smiled wryly because she pointed out the old apple tree every time they walked in the garden - at least once a day and more often twice - as an example of her gardening acumen .
` ` i can remember enjoying one of your apple pies . ''
the waistcoat was the loveliest shade of tobacco , elegantly embroidered along the edges and pocket flaps in apple green , silver , light blue , and pink .
the letter was long and chatty , telling of a new wing on griffin 's country home , a difficulty with the cook , and the planting of apple trees in the garden .
a few bits of cheese , and a bowl smeared with the remains of stewed apples still sat there .
the last bits of cheese had been eaten before the game of patty - cake , but there was still a puddle of stewed apples in the bowl .
mary darling cried from her perch on silence 's hip , and stretched out plump baby hands toward a pile of shiny red apples .
she asked the bonneted apple seller .
william had once praised her apple pie - long ago when they 'd first been married .
normally , silence would bargain the seller down , but the apples did look good and the price was fair .
the apples would make a nice pie or two for the children .
mary darling fretted and reached for an apple in mary evening 's basket .
mary darling munched messily on her apple , unconcerned .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple moving beneath her fingers .
besides the jam , ham , bread , and eggs , she 'd purchased tea , a lovely brown - glazed teapot , butter , four nice round apples , a bunch of carrots , a wedge of creamy yellow cheese , and a herring .
then i had to find the shops , wheedle the baker to reopen his shop - he closes at noon , would you believe ? -bargain the butcher down from his quite scandalous prices , and tell the grocer i was n't going to buy wormy apples . ''
soon they all sat down to a meal of tea , buttered bread , jam , apples , and cheese .
jamie was intent on devouring an apple , but abigail looked back and forth between helen and sir alistair with a worried expression .
she tilted her head , melting against him like warm custard over apple pie .
` ` not as sweet as your apples , i 'll wager . ''
jack shook his head and dug to the very bottom of his pack to find an apple .
the old man devoured the apple and said , ` ` is this rubbish all that you can offer ? ''
she could see him swallow , his adam 's apple dipping in his strong neck , but the look in his eyes told her he was n't afraid .
she saw his adam 's apple dip as he swallowed .
` ` i like the taste of sour , a sharp surprise , like an apple picked too green . ''
` ` green apples give you a stomachache , '' she muttered against his chest .
` ` green apples never give me a stomachache .
other apples are too sweet ; they turn to bland mush when cooked .
but a green apple '' -his hand was on her skirts , lifting and bunching them- '' is brought to life by the sugar and spice .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he drew a labored breath , and then he gazed at her with such anguish that her heart constricted with pain .
` ` that 's because my family is as american as baseball and apple pie .
our bros from the big apple . ''
his cheeks turned redder , his adam 's apple bobbing , but finally he clasped her hand and tucked it in the crook of his arm , guiding her across the casino floor like a true gentleman .
he did n't find the big apple the least bit appetizing .
d 's shaved head gleamed under the fluorescent light illuminating the corridor , and his eyes burned with satisfaction as he brought his blade up to the goon 's throat and pressed it to his adam 's apple .
the big apple is one of the biggest importation and distribution hubs for south american merchandise . ''
luke insisted she needed to leave the big apple , at least until they gauged the kind of fallout vince 's death would cause .
in school she 'd smelled of strawberries or apples , depending on which shampoo she was using at the time .
he held a granola bar , an apple , and a bottle of water out to me .
my eyes shot to him , i paused with the apple halfway to my mouth .
her skin was more than just pleasant , it held a hint of cinnamon , citrus , and maybe apple .
he was temptation personified - the serpent in the garden - and she was falling faster than eve ever thought of eating that apple .
rick 's adam 's apple bobbed before he managed an answer .
this side of him made her think of young boys handing apples to their favorite teacher .
she noticed zach 's adam 's apple bob a couple of times .
after fondling a few apples and bagging three pounds of grapes , janet worked her way to the back of the store where the organic vegetables were kept .
apple pie and coffee laced her kiss and mixed with him .
dakota lived by that on her first trip to the big apple ... and now she had it down .
after eating two raw hot dogs and an apple , he moved into his bedroom .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
` ` keep danglin ' that apple , li'l eve , and i 'll follow . ''
without too much effort , selma had the sandwiches on plates , cut up a lone apple from the fruit bowl , and poured them milk that had miraculously appeared in the fridge since the day before .
the arrow severed the apple and the crowd cheered .
they sipped apple cider on the front porch and enjoyed the crowd gathering around the neighborhood to look at the lights .
just look how he plucked them off earlier , like apples from a tree .
the scent of baked apples filled the air .
it was some type of apple bread or cake , tara thought .
tara thought she suffered from arthritis , and did her best to assist the woman while they enjoyed her apple cakes .
but green ... green is trees and apples and clover .
i watch him swallow hard , his adam 's apple moving in his throat , while he does as i instruct .
polish sausage , sauerkraut , apples ... and pecans .
and all of the brilliance of the lights of the big apple did n't compare to how she felt when she was with stephen .
` ` if you hurt my husband , i swear to you that i will rip your heart out and eat it like an apple . ''
an apple ?
or a cup of milk or even a slice of cheese and an apple might help to distract her mind .
it reminded him of apples .
he 'd always loved apples .
he swallowed , and his adam 's apple clicked .
he swallowed , and she saw the slow bob of his adam 's apple .
riley swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
his adam 's apple scraped against tanner 's claws as he managed to whisper the words .
cody swallowed , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
` ` the apple really does n't fall so far from the poisoned tree , '' sam murmured .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing faintly .
he swallowed , sending his adam 's apple bobbing .
the guard swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed nervously .
harris grey asked , his adam 's apple bobbing .
` ` you 're one crazy bit - oh ... '' his eyes widened and his adam 's apple bobbed .
maybe weston had been taking all those trips to the big apple strictly for business .
the doc 's adam 's apple bobbed .
the click of his adam 's apple seemed loud in that tense moment of silence .
because they were about to find out just how much influence he had in the big apple .
the man 's adam 's apple bobbed .
the cop 's adam 's apple bobbed and he hurried for the door .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing , then he looked up at saxon 's face .
tarin takes another swig of his juice and i watch his adam 's apple bounce up and down in his throat .
his father 's been pretty good at worming his way into her heart ; maybe the apple has n't fallen that far from the tree .
he swallowed a few times - she could see his adam 's apple moving up and down with the effort .
he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple moving slowly up and down as he struggled to get the swallow to finish .
` ` my dad works for apple .
` ` first of all , comparing our lives is like comparing apples to oranges .
i could have said chocolate or apple or ... shit , whatever other pies there are that i ca n't remember right now .
portland , oregon was as small - town as a big city could possibly be , but his whole family was acting like he was going to the big apple never to be seen again .
maeve put a big , thick apple pie down on the table , interrupting my inner dialogue and my exit .
damn you , apple pie.apple pie a la mode is my favorite dessert of all time .
` ` you do n't like apple pie ? ''
i love apple pie .
its sugar - glossed crust and warm gooey brown apples had lost a little of their appeal .
and i ' ve made pecan and apple , so he 'll be too full to give you a hard time . ''
as i wander over to a giant bin of apples , enthralled by their color and shape , i feel like snow white must have when the witch dropped by with her poisoned snack .
i ' ve never seen an apple like this before .
he reaches around me and grabs one of the apples , tossing it up and catching it right in front of my face .
` ` this ... is a pink lady apple , a cross between the golden delicious and the lady williams . ''
he rips a plastic bag off the roll and starts putting some of the rosy apples inside without saying anything else i stand there staring at him , not sure if he 's totally messing with me or if he really knows what he 's talking about .
for some reason i was thinking a guy who knows about hybrid apple types would also know about the wonders of pregnancy , but apparently his knowledge is reserved for the world of botany .
she holds out a softball - sized thing that looks like a completely rotten apple with bits of green things stuck in it .
kevin 's adam 's apple bobbed .
jamie 's eyes widened , nearly filling his face , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
the guy 's adam 's apple bobbed , but he nodded and made his way out of the room .
` ` when i found out what genesis was really doing ... '' his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed and ryder 's claws sank deeper into him .
the guard swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
he swallowed , and the thick ball of his adam 's apple bounced .
another bounce of that adam 's apple .
the cop swallowed and his adam 's apple trembled .
colin saw the guy 's adam 's apple bob as he gulped .
another bob of the guy 's adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he stared at the photo .
he swallowed , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
she saw the faint movement of his adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple moved as he swallowed .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he watched her .
jasper 's gaze returned to the deputy just in time to see jimmy 's adam 's apple bob .
the guard 's adam 's apple bobbed .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and he grabbed her elbow .
piers swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing .
no way would perseus toss her this shiny , tasty apple without having one big worm crawling around inside of it .
harper 's adam 's apple bobbed .
she saw his adam 's apple bob .
the boy 's adam 's apple bobbed .
james 's adam 's apple bobbed and sweat beaded his upper lip .
he swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
his thick adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
another gulp as the kid 's adam 's apple bobbed .
seth 's adam 's apple bobbed .
pink stained his cheeks and his adam 's apple bobbed .
luke 's adam 's apple clicked as he swallowed .
the sheriff 's adam 's apple bobbed .
the guy 's adam 's apple bobbed .
davis 's adam 's apple bobbed .
heath 's adam 's apple bobbed .
just then james walks into the living room , biting into an apple .
i drink some juice and take bites from an apple , but do n't bother with anything else .
i drink the apple juice , anything to mask the flavors lingering in my mouth .
she reaches into her lunch bag , but instead of taking out cupcakes , she holds a shiny red apple .
we do n't talk for a while as i pick at my food and lacey polishes off her apple .
my mom was candy - apple sweet .
we were apple pie a la love .
it figured i 'd only finished half of my apples and cinnamon oatmeal this morning .
they say the apple does n't fall far from the tree , do n't they . ''
you really ca n't beat the apple though ... '' and on and on it went , keeping me occupied with worry - blocking nonsense until i was actually sitting at the table watching tim wrestle with one of those green grapes he likes so much .
i was fuming over the death of my cat , fluctuating between being sad and pissed , while chase occupied himself with eating three pieces of apple pie loaded down with ice cream .
i could see his adams apple move up and down with the effort .
` ` he takes care of the apple trees and such on le - ath veronis .
she smells like dauntless soap , and sweet , like apple .
` ` these are n't available in the shops yet , ma'am , the very latest from apple . ''
he tastes of white wine and apple pie and christian .
i trace my fingers across his lips to his jaw then down his neck , over his adam 's apple to that little dip at the base of his throat .
and my beautiful little boy , the apple of his mother and father 's eyes , knows no fear .
ms . mary brought me chicken fingers and mashed potatoes and apple pie , which came as a wonderful relief from the hospital food .
amanda asked me before she bit into her apple .
i was just letting my son here know that the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
will you cut me up an apple , please ? ''
he chuckled and shook his head as he handed me my apple .
` ` apple did n't fall far from the tree !
` ` apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
my father 's jaw dropped and whitley smiled like i was the best thing since apple pie .
she was almost a week old and the apple of his eye .
monica picked up an apple and took a bite .
she asked as she placed an apple pie in the oven .
` ` the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
` ` apple does n't fall far from the tree , that 's for sure . ''
grabbing an apple , i bit into it and headed for upstairs only to find libby sleeping peacefully on the bed .
there were two crepes filled with cinnamon apples on the plate .
` ` good god , look at the candied apples , '' ari said before licking her lips .
ellie leaned into me and whispered , ` ` holy hell ... you have cake , cupcakes , cake pops , brownies , cookies , candied and caramel apples , and i ' m pretty sure i saw chocolate - covered strawberries . ''
my mother rolled her eyes and continued cutting up apples .
i grabbed an apple and began cutting it up .
i nodded my head and cut up a few more apples before my father walked up next to me .
i set the knife down next to the apple and followed my father down to the barn .
` ` the apple blossoms ? ''
` ` tell mama i said hi and that i 'll be making an apple pie tomorrow .
i knew i was n't glamorous , but i looked like my mom - i had her apple cheekbones , blue - green eyes , and dark hair - and my mom had been very pretty .
he touched the apple of her cheek with his index finger .
last week , i mentioned that i had a cold coming on , and he sent a recipe for a tea made of ginger and apple juice .
his adam 's apple bobbed when he swallowed , and he gripped the knob .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed , and he glanced toward the restrooms , looking for sawyer .
brett , unfortunately , had n't fallen far from the bad - apple tree .
she leaned in too close and i could smell the apple sours on her breath .
` ` baby , you smell better than apple pie and taste better than maple syrup . ''
` ` how about arsenic and apple pie ? ''
cole 's face scrunched up like he 'd just popped a sour apple candy into his mouth .
the scent of her apple blossom perfume drifted over him , a bizarre contrast to the scene at hand .
they were apple blossoms , just like the perfume she normally wore .
` ` apple blossoms . ''
and in the flowers ' places , fruit began to grow , starting small and green and soon developing into full , red apples that weighed down the limbs .
a crude ladder that must ' ve belonged to the dead man was propped up against the tree , and mae counted at least three girls up in the limbs , picking and throwing down apples .
an apple descended from the tree and rolled toward her .
she picked it up and bit into it , pleased that it was indeed a real apple and not something insubstantial .
they spent the night there , eating apples and drinking from the well unchecked .
their final count gave them eighty - seven apples , which initially seemed like a bounty until mae looked ahead to their next two days .
they split the apples up between some supply sacks found in the shack and then , with newly filled water bottles , set out on the rest of their journey .
mae gave the apple tree one last , lingering look , etching its details into her memory , wondering if she 'd ever create such a thing again .
mae staggered forward several feet , and then sank to the ground , not realizing until that moment just how weak and dizzy she was from exertion , lack of food , and the apple tree incident .
mae made the decision , closing the distance between them and giving him a hug that left the fragrance of apple blossoms behind when she stepped back .
mae felt ill , suddenly remembering the words spoken to her by the goddess - by freya - when she 'd brought the apple tree back to life : this is the kind of power you have in service to me , the power of life and love and fertility .
a few wayward strands of hair blew around her face , and the faintest whiff of what smelled like apple blossoms drifted over him .
he was too lost in the taste of her wine - sweet lips , intoxicated by the scent of sweat and apple blossoms .
` ` the first message : you awarded the golden apple but have n't upheld your share of the bargain . ''
i was holding a golden apple . ''
` ` a golden apple initiated the trojan war . ''
` ` the short version is that a mythological war began when a greek goddess of chaos gave a golden apple to this guy named paris .
` ` anyway , i had this golden apple , and these three people wanted it . ''
the apple was n't about beauty here .
giving the apple was a commitment , i guess . ''
` ` they told me i had power with the apple , but that if i gave it to one of them , they 'd give me something in return .
` ` she told me she liked clever men and that if i gave her the apple , she 'd give me wisdom that could unlock all the secrets of the world .
` ` i ' m surprised you did n't give him the apple just for that .
` ` i ended up giving him the apple . ''
he took the apple and said , ' follow the ravens . '
` ` according to them , they 're just the messengers - of the god i gave the apple to .
how would she handle it if he described the rest of the golden apple dream to her ?
` ` give me the apple , '' the half - shadowed god had said in the woods , ` ` and i will show you the path to wisdom .
` ` save me , and i 'll give you the apple . ''
justin had tossed him the apple and woken up to ravens .
i 'd seen servants pick all the apples from the trees surrounding his castle , only to find those same trees heavy with fruit again in a couple of days .
just before i fell asleep , i thought i caught the lingering scent of apples and cinnamon from where he 'd been lying .
a thump in the grass beside me snapped me out of my trance , and i looked down to see a bright red apple in the grass beside me .
he carried an apple of his own and bit into it .
i bit into the apple .
i leaned back in the grass and swallowed another bite of apple .
it was as earthy and dark as the chocolate and kizzy sipped it slowly , softening and softening , stretched out on one elbow , her hip full as an odalisque 's hip , a lush hummock of apple green for jack husk to lay his head on , and he did , and closed his eyes while kizzy lightly teased the ends of his unruly hair .
he was little and ancient , with a moon - round face as withered as old apple peel , half of it colored red like a wine stain .
she ate some wild apples and worked the knots out of her hair with her ivory comb .
she heard him whisper , felt the gentlest stirring at the nape of her neck , and then , all at once , the weight of her hair was restored so her head tilted back with the suddenness of it , like a scale at the market when apples are dropped in .
i 'll have goulash from poison kitchen , with apple strudel and tea .
in one letter , written on the back of a brown paper sack , he details the way we will spend christmas when we have our own place : spiked apple cider by the christmas tree , raw cookie dough that we eat before we get the chance to bake it .
a blush sweeps over gwen 's apple cheeks and tiny nose .
his adam 's apple bobs , and i notice how very defined it is .
if i ca n't even look at the guy 's freaking adam 's apple without getting tingly , there 's probably no hope for me .
my eyes are drawn to his adam 's apple again as he takes another drink .
and apples to apples could very well have been renamed dicks to dicks .
and apples to apples could very well have been renamed dicks to dicks .
if i had my way , we 'd be having your apple pie instead of wedding cake , '' he said , his hands resting on my hips .
but for simon , i made him is very own apple pie , which he smeared all over my face in place of wedding cake .
it was a savoury made of goat 's meat and bacon , and he saw fergus 's prominent adam 's apple bob in the slender throat at the smell of it .
brianna at two , stubby in her snowsuit , cheeks round and flushed as apples , feathery hair wisping from under her hood .
his eyes fell , and i could see the oversized adam 's apple bobble in his lean throat as he swallowed .
the air was so crisp and fresh that i paused before shutting the window , breathing in great gulps of dead leaf , dried apples , cold earth , and damp , sweet grass .
young ian passed a hand over his brow , adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed .
it was a small room dug under the house , pungent with the scent of the long braided strings of onions and garlic that hung from the rafters , the sweet , spicy scent of dried apples , and the moist , earthy smell of potatoes , spread in lumpy brown blankets over the shelves that lined the cellar .
he was noticeably more elderly now , shrunken with age and so heavily wrinkled as to look like one of the dried apples i had seen in the root cellar .
think of the smoke coming up from the kitchen chimney on a clear day , and an apple in your hand .
comfort me with apples , and stay me with flagons , for i am sick of love . ''
here was the apple , and a juicy red one , too .
the root cellar had been destroyed , though , and with it not only the carrots , onions , garlic , and potatoes but most of my carefully gathered stock of dried apples and wild yams , and the big hanging clusters of raisins , all meant to keep us from the ravages of scurvy .
his way lay through covent garden , and he skipped nimbly out of the way of a swash of water , flung from a bucket to wash the slimy cabbage leaves and rotten apples from the cobbles by a fruiterer 's stall .
why , one hulking brute stopped me at the customs point last week , and took my whole load of apple cider and the goddam wagon to boot !
christ , he had n't recognized the man - the man 's back was to him - but he recalled the apple cider well enough .
in addition to bread and lemon squash , he saw , it held several apples , a large chunk of cheese , and a packet of chocolate biscuits .
a tall , very thin man with gray hair , a prominent adam 's apple , and piercing ice - blue eyes met us at the top of the ladder .
jamie was rifling hickman 's desk , and emerged at this point with a rather wizened apple , which he tossed into my lap .
i sniffed the apple ; it had plainly seen better days , but still held a faint , sweet smell that suddenly raised the ghost of my vanished appetite .
the wine smelled warmly of almonds and apples , and was dry but full - bodied , clinging richly to the palate .
but his own mother made a dish from the flesh of swine and apples , beswimming in red wine and spiced with nutmeg and cinnamon , that made his mouth water only to remember .
` ` as for apples ... '' he tucked a hand into his tunic and withdrew a handful of small red crab apples , which he shared out with william .
` ` as for apples ... '' he tucked a hand into his tunic and withdrew a handful of small red crab apples , which he shared out with william .
only a scattering of raw acorns and an apple , half - gnawed by mice , remained . ` `
i observed , watching him demolish three apples in six bites .
and she was sitting here on a fall day , surrounded by the ripeness of apples and heather , the dust of ancient wood paneling , and the hollow smell of wet stone - annie macdonald had just mopped the hall - but she was seeing the front room of an eighteenth - century ordinary , and smelling smoke .
now , had it been a pheasant stuffed with truffles , or a wild boar with a gilded apple in its mouth ... '' he smiled at her over his papers .
if you would n't mind ... '' he smiled , glancing at rachel , whose face had gone white at seeing me but who was now the shade of a russet apple with excitement .
a broad copper halfpenny secured him the services of one of the urchins who hung about the stalls , hoping for a half - rotten apple or an unguarded purse , and he followed his guide grimly into the filthy alleys , one hand on his purse , the other on the hilt of his dirk .
he was grateful for the food ; the scent of jerked meat and journeycake floated out of the canvas depths , and he could feel the hard shape of apples at the bottom .
red in the face , mrs . hardman took the piss pot from her daughter and shooed the little girls to the table , where - with a glance at jamie to be sure he had meant it - she took the bread and meat and apples from his bag , dividing the food scrupulously into three parts : two large portions for the girls , and a smaller one for herself , put aside for later .
she laid the baby momentarily on the bed beside jamie , opening her blouse with one hand , the other reaching automatically to save an apple that was rolling toward the edge of the table , nudged by a little girl 's elbow .
he left the buckles tucked under the seat , put on the shabby coat , which smelled strongly of stale beer and what he thought was old blood , and peered at the knitted cap , which held two journeycakes , an apple , and a small canteen of water .
with the forethought of a scottish housewife , she 'd also included a pound of oatmeal , a twist of salt , a package of bacon , four apples , and six clean handkerchiefs .
endicott 's face paled noticeably , and his adam 's apple bobbed above his dirt - grimed stock .
this provoked a rumble of concern round the circle and the immediate production from pokes and pockets of hard bread , apples , dried meat , and dirty handkerchiefs .
the boy wiped his nose on the proffered handkerchief and gratefully accepted an apple .
the sound of heavy splashing whilst he was still enveloped in the folds of his shirt made him whirl round , head popping free just in time to see madras lunge up out of the creek on the girls ' side , lips already reaching for the apple jane was holding out to him .
but the girls had more apples , and the horse paid no attention whatever - nor did he object when arabella - jane took his reins and looped them casually round the trunk of a young willow .
jenny 's four apples had n't gone far , we 'd found no food since the night before , and he was starving .
he reached into his pocket and withdrew an apple , which he skewered neatly on his hook .
the mule ducked his head to take the apple , nudging fergus 's elbow , and allowed his forehead to be scratched .
he was in a narrow field , much trampled , and on the other side of it was an apple orchard , only the crowns of the trees showing above a heavy cloud of white powder smoke .
some companies scattered , stopping abruptly to look round for their fellows , some noticing washington 's sudden appearance , others still coming down the road , colliding with those standing still - and , in the midst of it , washington pulled his horse up beside charles lee 's and leaned toward him , flushed like an apple with heat and anger .
the scent of overripe apples surged directly into his brain and very nearly made him vomit .
he groped under the cot , found a utensil , and used it , noting in a rather dreamy way that his urine smelled of apples .
old apple trees never yielded much ; you took them out after fifteen , twenty years and replanted .
no doubt it was the cloying smell of rotting apples that rose above the ghost of black powder ; the whole orchard hummed with the noise of wasps gorging themselves on the juices .
mcewan 's own adam 's apple bobbed visibly as he swallowed .
she laid down an apple and beckoned to me for the letter .
i gave the shelf behind me a quick glance ; it was our pantry and held the sum total of the household 's stores : a small crock of lard , cloth bags of oatmeal , flour , rice , beans , and parched corn , a braid of onions and a few dried apples , half a wheel of cheese , a little box of salt and a pepper pot , and the remains of a loaf of sugar .
toward late afternoon we stopped to eat ; i 'd brought cheese and bread and early apples in my basket and had put two stone bottles of ale in the spring to keep cold .
` ` ian says he and rachel will come up tomorrow to help , '' jamie said at last , thriftily eating his apple core .
` ` apple seeds have cyanide in them , you know . ''
he bites into an apple he five - finger discounted from the cafeteria and dangles a piece of paper in the air .
another crunch of the apple .
he crunches into the apple again .
he waves the apple in the air .
jax trashes the apple and drags me along as he brushes past her .
a bowlful of apples on the island .
i saw his adam 's apple bounce up and down as he met bax 's hard stare .
on their way around the carnival to the ferris wheel , they passed a trailer that sold the typical variety of carnival food - hot dogs , corn dogs , onion rings , popcorn , cotton candy , and caramel apples .
hardy watched as she made quick work of the caramel apple , devouring the sweetly coated peel and leaving behind most of the white fleshy apple beneath it .
hardy watched as she made quick work of the caramel apple , devouring the sweetly coated peel and leaving behind most of the white fleshy apple beneath it .
i have the sudden urge to lean forward and bite it , like a ripe , juicy apple , but i resist .
i have no doubt they 're the color of ripe apples by now .
i 'll be completely nude , leaning back on one elbow , one knee bent , holding a bright green apple against my throat , my head tilted back .
i shift until i ' m comfortable on my backside then i grab the apple and ease down into position .
she maneuvers my bent leg , pulling it a little farther forward , then she moves the apple lower on my throat , almost onto my chest .
i feel warm as they rake their way down my throat , over the apple , to my br**sts .
` ` i baked a caramel apple spice cake last weekend using a recipe i found online , one i 'd been dying to try .
rags and apples . ''
` ` my dad used to say , ' you take care of a horse with rags and you make them love you with apples ' . ''
looking at the proud angle of his head , the massive hind quarters and the perfect posture , i do n't even have to ask which one is rags and apples .
with its white picket fence , all it needed was smoke rising from the chimney and apple pies cooling on the window sills to fulfill the perfect cliche .
twin pink spots appear on the apples of her cheeks .
lucas was eating an apple and peanut butter sandwich crackers .
it had smelled like apples and pears and rain .
his adam 's apple moved up and then down before he spoke .
his torso went on for miles , and his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
and i saw his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed , looking unsettled .
brady swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing .
' how do you like them apples ? '
' i love apples !
behind them , the tables stood abandoned , apple charlotte and fruit salad on the plates , glasses half empty .
she smelt vaguely of apples .
she bought rolls and cheese , crisps and overpriced apples , and made the kids a picnic supper , which they ate on the grassy slope around the car park .
' and apples .
nicky had stuffed two large oranges and an apple down the front of his jeans and waddled across the asphalt like he 'd had an accident in his trousers .
mum pulled one of the buffet apples from her bag and bit into it .
mum blushed like she 'd said too much and started eating her apple with big , noisy bites , even though she would have told tanzie off if she had eaten like that .
she asked him whether his ribs were hurting , and he said no , and when she asked if he had an apple down his trousers that he could n't get out , he said , ' no , tanze , just drop it , ' but the way he said it , there was definitely something .
' plus apples .
she always buys apples . '
' eat an apple if you 're still hungry .
i have eaten an apple that had been down the too - tight trousers of a teenage boy and a kebab that for all i know contained human flesh .
he saw the crumbs and the apple core that had been stuffed into the rear ashtray , the melted chocolate , the newspaper folded into the pocket of the seat .
it 's just it 's three thirty a.m. and everyone else in this house is asleep and i ' m in josh 's room with tanzie and he has his own computer ( both of them have their own computers , apple macs , no less ) and i ca n't remember his codes to do any gaming , but i ' ve been thinking about what mr nicholls said about blogging and how somehow if you write it and put it out there your people might come .
think of the soft folds of warm white fat , the pink meat shredding softly between your fingers , perhaps with compote of apple .
after this came jars of preserved tomatoes , rice and apples .
to have to roast chickens , to fill our kitchen with the scents of garlic and tomato , with apple tart , felt like a form of torture .
i was afraid , that first evening , even to lick my fingers , although the sight of them , dripping with tomato juice or sticky with apple , was sorely tempting .
there were several times , as i rolled pastry , or peeled apples , that i almost fainted with longing .
i thought he might weigh the leftovers , to ensure we had not sneaked a piece of apple peel into our mouths .
i had , it seemed , become a thing , a subject , of no more significance than the green bottle or the apples in the still - life canvas by the door .
it was quite large by then , and aurelien had had to hold it still while i fed it an apple to stop it squealing and , with a clean swipe of his knife , monsieur baudin , the butcher , slaughtered it .
' there 's no apple juice . '
they do apple sauce too . '
we ordered three buns with pork , crackling and apple sauce , and sheltered under the striped awning while we ate them .
rupert looked a bit awkward , dived in towards his bride like somebody apple bobbing and slightly missed her mouth .
like smoke and spice , fresh air and crisp apples .
i can smell him - apples and the outdoors and pine , the scent of fall , of owen .
his adam 's apple bobbed up and down a few times as he swallowed hard .
after eyeballing the many delicious goodies under the glass , i decided on some chocolate covered pecan clusters along with a caramel apple dipped in nuts .
` ` i owe my marriage to my lovely wife 's penchant for apple thievery . ''
` ` i was not stealing apples .
she could have had the face of an angel , but i would n't have noticed because she had the hem of her dress flipped up to cradle the apples she was picking from my grandparents ' tree .
with her arm raised to one of the branches , a tall blonde was picking apples , her long hair cascaded over her shoulders .
as we neared the tree , the blonde reached up on her tiptoes to pick another apple .
the blonde had the hem of her dress flipped up , cradling the apples she 'd picked .
one of her hands holding onto her dress 's hem flew to her chest , causing a few apples to tumble to the ground .
` ` you 're stealing our apples . ''
` ` how ironic that the new chief of police 's daughter is an apple thief ? ''
` ` what do you want with those apples anyway ? ''
` ` why do n't i make a deal with you for the apples , lily ? ''
` ` i let you have the apples , and you let me have a taste of your pie . ''
throwing down the hem of her dress , the remaining apples bounced onto the ground before she turned and fled up the hillside .
ignoring his comment , i swiped up four apples and then ran after her .
` ` i came after you because i wanted to give you the apples . ''
breaking paul 's intense gaze , i stooped over to pick up some of the apples i had been bringing to lily .
she looked just as youthful as the day i 'd first seen her picking apples .
bringing one between my teeth , i began teasing a slow trail from the stubble on aj 's neck , over his bobbing adam 's apple , down to one of his nipples .
at that moment , a tall , willowy teenage girl came striding up to the table with an apple pie in each hand .
he had them add an apple pie as well .
` ` one bite of the apple .
the taste of the remaining apple will keep you going . ''
his eyes were locked on my mouth and his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing visibly in the dim light .
we ate until we were stuffed , and then somehow managed room for the pumpkin and apple pies my mom and i had baked .
i added pink blush to the apples of my cheeks , berry lip gloss , and two coats of black mascara .
i felt her eyes on me , but rather than glance her way , i picked up the set of tongs and set an apple on each person 's tray as they passed me .
i set the apple back down on my table , feeling useless once again .
you only live once , hit me with one of those apples . ''
i placed a shiny red apple on his tray and felt mckenna watching .
jaxon grabbed an apple from the kitchen counter and began slicing it into chunks while simultaneously sizing me up .
i asked , looking over at the discarded chunks of apple on the counter .
chapter fifteen the apple of my eye ` ` any word , cheryl ? ''
this is eve , the apple of my eye by bellx1 . ''
chelsea asked quietly , the hurt in her voice evident after hearing alexander sing the song , clearly thinking about olivia and calling her the apple of his eye .
olivia would always be the one he cherished above all others , the apple of his eye , but she pushed him away .
the apple of his eye .
the fact that i had nearly swallowed my adam 's apple was n't lost on me as i fought through the pain .
the way he threw his head back and laughed sent delicious chills down my spine , and i had to avert my eyes from the way his adam 's apple bobbed because it was so damn sexy .
axton and the rest of the members of otherworld were laughing and ribbing each other as they chugged down the apple cider , which was the hardest thing on the menu for tonight out of respect for drake .
nik came out of the house with an apple in one hand and a corona in the other .
inside , he d stashed some bottled water , a few snacks monique was fond ofskittles , oreo cookies , and a few apples .
a youth , no more than seventeen or eighteen , leaps to his feet with a horrified squawk and stands wringing his hands and trying to swallow past a particularly prominent adams apple .
she was in the car when it happened , driving home from the store with a bag full of three apples , an orange , a sweet potato , a some tortillas , a cheap bottle of wine , and a container of cream cheese .
dot kept a supply of his favorite tea , apple cinnamon , and honey packets .
you can see right from here the peach and apple trees .
fresh cider squeezed from just - picked apples .
apples were fruit , like , peaches .
he leaned back in the plush chair and took a bite out of the apple he had taken from the large basket of fruit that sat on the table in front of him .
make no mistake , brend said , leading the two from the room and back out to the street after they had gathered their things , most of the pillars are disciplined and follow a strict code of conduct , but every barrel of apples has a few rotten ones from time to time .
he lowered the blade from toms exposed adams apple and stashed the weapon in his jacket .
samuel was the rotten apple in the basket .
i was the bad apple of the crew , or so it was said .
these criminals , murderers , and terrorists such as the grasshopper chen and his cohorts are american as apple pie .
diller was old man perrys top errand boy , troubleshooter , bag - man , not to mention the apple of his eye .
man , the big apple !
sir william gallows and his media contacts in london and new york were on board with the dirty tricks , with operatives standing by , ready to sandbag morgan in the big apple .
32 : jenny in the big apple july 7 well , here i am in gotham , safely encased in the jewel , right on the avenue of the americas at fifth avenue .
mimi herself was transporting 10 thousand of the p-2 patches , for the big apple .
diller was perrys favorite butt - boy , and the apple of his eye .
spotting an all - night market , he bought some apple juice and a banana to rectify the damage .
tim was trying his best to look calm but his adams apple was jiggling with anticipation .
she could have stolen some of idunns apples .
each apple is the distilled essence of tens of thousands of souls .
were he to eat a whole apple he d gain the powers of a norse god for the same time period .
i can see a decade passing before they d notice the loss of several of idunns apples .
what are the chances of signe having one or more of idunns apples ?
so if she eats one of those apples , i can call for help ?
idunns apples are just a possibility .
i was in the process of researching idunn and her apples when drew walked in .
motoh swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
` ` if you have too much of something ... it stops having value , whether it 's apples or money . ''
` ` and some apples . ''
before long the general marched back in , placed the comm back on the wall , and picked up a large , red apple .
he shouted , his frail face now such a deepening scarlet that it resembled his half - eaten apple .
chapter four topas estate 8:48 a.m ... on the outskirts of the hellenistic sector ... topas estate stood in the midst of an apple orchard , and sunlamps lit up the imported trees as a gentle wind swept through the orchards green leaves .
a crow cawing from the branch of an apple tree drew her attention .
preacher loved apples ; he had eaten one almost everyday .
he grabbed a bag of apples from the top of the growing pile of new supplies .
lan and huans first child had been niu liao , and she had been the apple of her parents eyes .
[ ` ` apple .
he hands us each a boxed dinner : sub sandwich , bottle of water , apple and a chocolate chip cookie .
i inhale the sandwich and apple , but take my time with the cookie .
mango was holding his hand and eating an apple as he stared up at the big man in ill fitting borrowed clothes .
* * * table of contents title page chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine about the author * * * chapter one christmas eve , 1901 london a wet farthing slipped through reds fingers as he handed the customer his change for the toffee apple .
she was behind him , helping herself to a toffee apple .
angharad clamped the apple between her teeth and shook his empty money box , then spat the apple into it .
angharad clamped the apple between her teeth and shook his empty money box , then spat the apple into it .
angharad blew a few strands of ginger hair away from her face and waved her toffee apple at several carriages full of beaming children .
from behind the crate of fresh apples under the counter he snatched the pile of letters he d written over the past few nights .
will you settle for apple strudel ?
after dessert , a deliciously sweet apple crumble and custard , cecil asked him if he d like to take a look at his workshop .
the remaining four aeronauts met at the candy apple stall .
then she hurried away to the candy apple stall , where she retrieved their first aid valise .
edmond spun so fast in his eagerness to fetch joe from the candy apple stall , the dynamo lamp spilled out of his coat , clattered somewhere on the cobbles .
brandi wore a scarf around her neck at all times , probably to hide an adams apple .
you re going to fix me up a nice plate of what , apple pie ?
the mansions were only for meacham and his cronies , all of whom lived next to each other on apple orchard road .
on apple orchard road , john meacham was wide awake and sitting behind the broad , mahogany desk of his personal study .
elkin had stopped fidgeting with his hair and was now scratching his adams apple .
i closed my eyes as the feel of the tip of a blade touched my adams apple .
with my eyes shut , i relished in the feeling , the way tez touched me with just her fingertipsher soft lips pressing gently on my adams apple .
the screen zooms in to show the keys amongst old sweet wrappers and mouldy half eaten apples .
marcus swiftly punched billy in his adam apple .
captain ferrell kept his f-16 jet circling over new york city while he kept an eye on the ffats spaceship while it descended down toward the big apple .
alexey , the apple of my eye , how long have you been feeling sympathy for the pain - in - the - neck nilsson ?
i made an apple pie for you .
her grandparents had to use all their grown - up skills to keep her away from it , from fresh apple pie to playful kittens nothing could dampen the fascination that magical object wielded on her .
did you hear- everything apple said was drowned out by the engines of an airship as it dropped low overhead .
its all over the news vids , apple said , exasperated .
eli and apple wove their way down the narrow , dirt paths , past squalling infants and boggy puddles that stunk of rotted food and piss .
he snarled and apple fell back .
eli and apple were the oldest of the scavengers .
eli avoided the shack with nicholas still inside , slipping into the empty one he shared with apple .
cor - blimey , apple crouched beside eli to watch her .
all he wanted was his own pallet in the shed he shared with apple .
pink and pickle were sorting through salvage while yate helped old nicholas find cups of noodles buried in their piles of supplies and dina and apple were playing knuckles .
not even apple .
if he ever saw apple again he was gon na - eli , wait !
eli ignored him and kept marching away , but apple caught up easily .
there is nt anything i can do , apple looked at the ground , pushing a can with the toe of his boot .
you too , apple .
eli thought of apple , but shook his head .
he wondered briefly if apple would be watching , back in the rim , under the tarp in dunxs humpy .
you can find out more about lifesphere inc when the website launches in late 2013 at : www.lifesphereinc.com you can find out more about the author at her website : www.traditionalevolution.com thanks to : apples , for not letting me starve to death or wander into traffic .
her cheeks were like apples and her lips were pursed in a song she could never play .
a flintstones gummy and a pink lady apple .
he d shed his lifemedia button - down , revealing a grey t - shirt with an apple logo .
and tads little apple cheeks .
or apple circa 2005 , or something .
the first would be called alien apple tart .
` ` pot roast with all the fixin 's , and fresh baked apple pie for desert , '' relli announced .
` ` pot roast and apple pie ?
she picked apples off the highest branches of the apple tree .
she picked apples off the highest branches of the apple tree .
he raved of the apple pie .
and she grabbed a plate and a fork , and carved a big piece of the apple pie .
the man handed the sheriff an apple danish pie for aneim .
stumbling forward with raised arms was for them as natural and american as apple pie , christmas trees , and doughnuts .
walking into the kitchen , he saw an apple on the counter and grabbed it .
walking back into the dining room , he pulled up a chair and began to cut slices of the apple to feed himself .
their water is milky looking but tastes like apples .
we found something like apples but did n't taste like apples .
we found something like apples but did n't taste like apples .
some of the fruit tastes something like melons , while others taste like apples .
it was filled with crystal rainbows and dancing springs of apple water and when she looked around she saw a great spotted web knitter hanging from a tread of golden silk .
the apples smelt incredible .
he picked up an apple on his way out , tossing it in the air with a swagger .
i insisted on paying for the water and an apple of my own , then made my way back to my huge , empty home .
casino picked up an apple from a fruit bowl on the table and rubbed it on his sleeve .
i do nt expect you to understand , he took a huge bite out of the apple .
i realised , watching him eat that apple , that he always ate the core as well and that annoyed me .
hello , he said , rooting through the apples .
i told you i m not from around here , he said through a mouthful of apple .
minos pulled an apple out of his bag , it was so shiny it could only have come from haggia .
in addition to working with hominids r us , he was working with pips , an offshoot of the mighty apple corporation .
to be continued next : the wrath of big tur other books in the works : fancycrazyhydrants - color - me - book 1 fancycrazyhydrants - color - me - book 2 fancycrazyhydrants - color - me - book 3 ( check for availability at apple 's app store ) the wrath of big tur thanks for reading the book !
feeling the pangs of hunter tug at her stomach , she pulled out a large red apple from the bag and began to ravage it .
the apple was sweet and ripe .
he poked his head into the small office of the kitchen manager , grabbing an apple from a bowl she kept stocked .
he inquired congenially , then taking a bite of the pilfered apple .
he chomped away at his apple , quickly becoming part of the kitchen scenery .
liam lit a pipe while pierce chomped on an apple , both acting nonchalant as they leaned against some crates and took note of the hotel across the street .
seeing a cart laden with apples pull away from one of the ships towards the market , she had sean buy a dozen of the bright red fruit .
before sean could suggest their next move , jane had thrown her coat at him , unfastened the top two buttons of her thin cotton blouse , placed the small basket of apples on her pronounced hip , and strolled over to a group of sailors by the first ship .
liam uttered in mock disbelief , receiving an apple in the gut in reply .
i even turned a profit on the apples , jane beamed .
the apple had not fallen far from the tree .
he passed under the monsters tail and could see it legs clearly , huge , muscular limbs that tapered over several yards , ending into a pair of ash - gray talons that could easily crush a fighter like a rotten apple .
inside was half an apple fritter and a jelly doughnut someone had taken an enormous bite from , the red insides having oozed all over the cardboard like zombie gore .
she snags what were told is an apple from the table in front of us .
then again , everything they owned was from apple which meant it would be great for a few years before it gained rebellious artificial intelligence and try to take over the world .
that was the problem with having ijobs run apple , he was secretly an evil android who wanted to dominate the world .
it looked like the inside of an apple store except less flash somehow .
pulling out the instant oatmeal packets , he handed one apple cinnamon to each of them .
and bert , it 's not exactly a laptop ; it 's an apple ipad 2 with wi - fi ? and free vudu .
alexi chose an apple and an egg - salad sandwich .
yeah is nt it nice we found an apple tree around here ?
chapter 17 another trouble kanika you continue to search something more that you can eat besides the apples , and i will search for something in those thorny bushes .
i said looking the apples in her hands .
it was just forget about it you wo nt understand ( what a surprise how can someone stay so slim with such a great appetite ) well someone might have to compromise with the apples now .
she picked an apple in hesitation and started eating it .
i grabbed an apple and started eating it .
its alright and also an apple a day keeps the doctor away .
if the flood was one , adam eating the apple might have been one ; abraham and isaac on the mount ; israel in the desert ; the holocaust ; and maybe armageddon ; the cme ; oh , and the advent of christ .
` ` adrien , tell this yokel that 's how we roll in the big apple , am i right ? ''
dan was amazed at some of the things that were being sold , magic potions , poisonous apples , fairy dust , youth cream and dragons breath - in - a - bottle to name but a few .
bananas , apples , grapes .
the tree looked similar to an apple tree , but there was something not right .
apple trees did not have fruit this time of year .
the tree only bore one fruit ; it was red like an apple but more oblong then round .
henry wanted to call it an apple tree , because it bore red fruit that looked like an apple , but he had never seen a tree that looked like this .
henry wanted to call it an apple tree , because it bore red fruit that looked like an apple , but he had never seen a tree that looked like this .
his grandparents had a crab apple tree in their back yard when he was little , and he was very aware how unusual it was to see fruit in this extreme cold .
he promised he would return the next day to see if the apple was real or a figment of his imagination , then he continued on his way home .
the tree made fruit that looked almost like an apple , but tasted like a firm kiwi .
his face seemed craggier and his adam 's apple protruded more than ever .
robert swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
robert swallowed and i was tempted to reach across the desk and grab his adam 's apple to keep it from its annoying bob .
robert 's adam 's apple bobbed .
robert swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed .
he said all of that without his adam 's apple bobbing once .
i could picture robert 's adam 's apple was bobbing like a yo - yo .
during the pause i could hear robert swallow and his adam 's apple bob .
she then ran into the kitchen and grabbed an apple .
she asked while taking a bite out of her apple .
cindy nodded once again and put the apple in her mouth .
` ` irft 's ner twablem , '' she struggled to say through the apple clenched in her jaws .
cindy placed the jumble of supplies in the hover car and angrily spit the apple on the ground .
jimmy shouted while tossing an apple at nick .
jimmy exhaled slightly as he felt the cold metal of the knife 's blade press against his adam 's apple .
he tasted like candy apples , her favorite halloween treat .
it reminded her of halloween , her favorite holiday , apples and candy and sweet fall leaves .
i m going down the apples for a spell .
but soon after his arrival in the big apple , a new kaiju emerges .
they bore a blanket filled with bread and apples between them .
sye swallowed his mouthful of apple then asked , are you karl ?
an apple had been his only nourishment for the past three days .
is this how an apple feels ?
shed also collected some of the healthiest offerings she could find , including some apple juice she hoped had nt spoiled .
a dense orchard of short but bountiful apple and pear trees stood on the other side of the small house , nearly shading a brown ford van with the wheels removed .
she went to the apple tree in the side yard and pulled a branch low so stephen could pluck a few of the ruby - red macintosh apples .
she went to the apple tree in the side yard and pulled a branch low so stephen could pluck a few of the ruby - red macintosh apples .
tomorrow , well gather some apples , she said .
` ` i have apartments in hollywood and the big apple .
there were flowers big as dinner plates and berries big as apples , and bugs you do nt even want to hear about .
smells of apple blossoms and herbs overpowered the demon stench .
times being what they are , i gave her water to drink and some apple .
they do nt normally eat apples , of course , but these are desperate times .
last damn apple i had too ; cost me ten bucks .
` ` ok , so you fed a stray turtle a ten dollar apple .
otherwise he would have to sleep in his makeshift bed atop the old star apple tree again .
slender prostitutes in garnished dresses called out to them , their adams apples bobbing rhythmically with their deep voices .
the centerpiece was a rich - smelling roasted pig with a glazed head and milky eyeballs , the innards replaced with spiced sugar - corn , raw cinnamon - powdered apples , and thick noodles laced with green herbs and stuffed with dripping yellow and red cheeses .
i guess the apple does nt fall too far from the tree .
its cider , my dear boy , and not only any cider but that from the apple .
the apple cider was very tasteful as well as very scarce , and the only possible way to get another taste was to get another invite from the captain , and the only way to get another invite was with some kind of outdoing the others intellectually and authoritatively .
so he got down one of his best apples and crept in the half - light through the maze of beds and sleeping bodies to the little hidden nook sahra liked to sleep in .
he took a bite out of the apple to show it was n't poison and gave her the rest .
she finished off the apple in record time and tucked herself in to sleep .
he had a big overbite , and loved apples despite not quite being able to take a proper bite out of them .
the only noise was tiny alis sucking on his apple .
there is an apple and it needs to be peeled .
another person could see that same problem , but not have a knife , and decide to smash the apple , pulling the bits away from the peeling as they did so .
or another could break the apple in half and scoop the fruit out because they only had a spoon .
` ` now , it 's not an apple that needs peeling , it 's a galaxy that needs exploring .
nope , apple smoothies galore , said jim coyly .
yes , i am the apple no one eats , i am , beth admitted with her head low and some sweat sliding down her chin .
the vats of hard drugs cooked throughout the cavebut of course it took some doing - they looked like glowing green maple syrup bottles reaching for an apple .
it smashed across the bridge of his nose ; ripping open his head like you d cut a slice of warm apple pie .
its one thing to peak , its another to wait beyond your peak , jack said confidently as he smiled as warm as sunday apple pie .
jack chuckled at this and drank - as if it was apple juice he was drinking - another glass of champagne .
do nt worry , robotic arms have touch sensitivity- ben said , but jim grabbed a cup of apple juice off the table , and then tossed it over his head before he could finish .
i live in a somewhat rural area ( next to a cemetery on one side , a vineyard on the other , and across from vineyards and apple orchards ) .
i go into the kitchen to get some water and an apple .
mira reached out and grabbed jair by the collar just as he started to chase after a cart full of apples .
the lead man fell to his knees beside the nearest wounded soldier and deposited a double - handful of green apples onto the ground .
i sent the two of you out there to scout , and you come back with green apples ?
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
she plucked an apple out of the fruit drawer and walked back over to the table .
as the cart neared , i saw it was driven by a dwarf , tapping the oxen with a stick as he sat eating an apple .
i could see the strain on his face , his mouth twisting angrily , bits of apple flying .
the dwarf stumbled off the cart , cursing loudly , throwing his half - eaten apple into the trees .
hal fashioned the moon into an apple and appeared before vee in vals garden .
she shared the apple with dama , and so val lost both his slaves and all the children they would have had .
nella placed it on the plate next to christine 's apple crisp .
nella watched his adam 's apple jump and throb like an erratic heartbeat .
it was all touch screen and so user friendly it would make apple jealous .
i loved the first one so much that i decided to grab another one while i was out picking apples .
or switch to apple .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
i opened my box and found a turkey sandwich on whole wheat , an apple , a bag of almonds , and a bottle of water .
for the next twenty minutes , the only sounds were those of lips smacking , the seals of bottles coughing , and the crack of apples skins piercing .
i ordered an apple cider from the young woman behind the register and sat down at a small table with the book i d just bought .
luckily for my newly digested apple cider , i stopped listening .
he is over at his aunt 's house wolfing down a few apple pies right now .
she 's even bringing some of her mom 's apple pies and some fresh cooked brownies for snacks .
she took an apple from the bowl and polished it on the sleeve of her blouse .
she bit into her reddish - purple apple with an embarrassingly loud crunch .
she nibbled at the core of her apple and ionun popped up from his chair again in order to provide her with a dish to put it in .
they fell into his hands like soft , pendulous apples and she moaned happily as he fondled them , teasing her nipples erect .
that s what the black people of kush call the apples of derketa .
moving down to the edge of the leaves , he reached the spear up and carefully thrust the blade through one of the apples of derketa , drawing aside to avoid the darkly purple drops that dripped from the pierced fruit .
if your ancestors had thought to dip their spears in the poisonous juice of derketas apples , quoth conan , with his mouth full , and jab them in the eyes or mouth or somewhere like that , they d have seen that dragons are not more immortal than any other chunk of beef .
zim casually grabbed an apple , and sat across from him .
right now she would normally be on starbase matrona , just like she was every night , in her living quarters sitting comfortably on her bed , watching an entertainment vid , eating an apple or some other late night fruit snack .
she found apples , pears , oranges , and persimmons .
but tonight , after being deposited on the apartment patio seventy floors up in the tallest aluminium building in the big apple and courtesy of the city shuttle bus , he finally decided despite himself to order a ladybot for the evening .
his desk crouched on the far side of the room , the massive oaken fixture hulking in the shadows , his laptop open on top with the luminescent apple symbol a pale blue beacon of information technology marketing .
and as for you , atreus , lord amherst continued , turning his gaze , the apple really has landed right next to the tree .
after a final sip of water and a nibble of her favored apple biscuit , she began the climb .
kate devoured a synthetic gammon paste , followed by a handful of her completely crumbled apple biscuit .
wow , apple biscuits , she corrected , pleased he d remembered that from their time in the gymnasium cafe .
crumbly apple biscuits .
mangos , bananas , pears , strawberries , grapes and apples : shed never forgotten those tastes , not even after years of synthetic diluting .
as was the last thing on her pre - drop itinerarya sneak sojourn to the fair moniques orchards on g - deck , specifically the apple orchard .
like eve , she took a single apple , half of her anticipating the taste , the other half anticipating what it would be like to kiss jason remington .
she diced that apple minutely .
but the fair monique was long gone , alice was long gone , and the apple biscuits and orchards were long gone .
whenever she swallowed , that organic apple flavour fizzed with juicy acid over her tonsils .
tiesha joined us for a breakfast of waffles and syrup and apple juice and black coffee .
i could see his throat swallowing hard and his adam 's apple pulsating .
small fruit trees had been contrived by gilgamesh : apple , pear , plum and cherry .
aspics of meat , dried sausage , preserved carp , many loaves of bread , figs , apples , pears , chestnuts and other nutritious foods that could be eaten casually without requiring much time to prepare .
the shirtless guard took out an apple and bit a large chunk out of its flesh .
take that apple for instance , julian continued .
for instance , the largely open apple trade has crossed many oceans to get here .
on the way , certain elements such as polonium ( bi - product of a nuclear fission reactor ) might end up in the ocean breeze , which eventually finds its way to the apple .
certainly , gralso replied while the shirtless guard threw away the apple and raised his pistol .
a piece of bloodied apple scattered to the floor .
here try this apple .
ryan handed the apple to his dad .
then , slowly , he brought the apple up to his mouth and scrunch !
it had cracked off on the apple .
he took a small piece of apple and carefully started chewing .
she writes about people who are as normal as apple pie ( most of them , anyway ) who unexpectedly find themselves in the middle of situations ranging from the heartwarming through the difficult and all the way to the horrendous .
rusty had seen a lot of kooks in her time living in the big apple , but this one absolutely terrified her .
keen joined mann in the garden , he was sitting beneath the apple tree , watching two ravens soaring high over the woods .
his knives had taken an apple from each of her shoulders and then her head in a deadly display of skill and intent .
she stared at the device puzzled wondering if it was malfunctioning for it said that he wanted a hand full of apple seeds .
yes , we want a crate of apples , one of the men explained pointing to it as the local nodded then stuck out his hand .
his flat teeth broke the intrinteloss skin as easily as ones teeth would an apple , his jaws being mystifyingly powerful .
in the distance hannah saw a bright red apple , a golden fiddle , a bright white harp and a dozen other shapes .
or maybe she wanted to toss out the apple of discordfor what , fun ?
he coughed several times and silently gagged as he manually tried to adjust his squashed adams apple .
i got a rip - roaring big warning from apple that my cover was not big enough ( it was 800 x 600 ) .
i think we should split up , i said as we stopped just in front of an apple stall in the middle of a market .
small seedling apple trees were planted along the road leading to lake elbow .
he lived long enough to see the apple trees blossom and the first grain crops harvested .
abe answered honestly , i do nt think you re just growing apple trees .
the heck with apple trees and lake elbow crops , i m dangerous .
james took out a pair of green apples , feeding one to each of the horses .
hammond 's mouth began to water as he sensed the sourness of the apples , and his stomach growled with hunger in response .
what 's the difference between me lowering you five levels or a few bags of apples ?
it was more than an allegory to how dishonest people might sneak a hand between the rails to snatch an apple from someone 's sack or filch the chits from the pocket of a passerbythough certainly that is where the saying must have come frombut also about how one approached life .
sabrina nodded toward a closet near the stairs and took a bite out of an apple he d only just noticed existed .
what with the apple and all .
and in the fourth , there was an apple .
james released him and walked back to brynna , who was grasping the apple charm on her bracelet .
show were serious about rooting out the bad apples .
i brought extra apples for lunch ; would you like them ?
mrs . felder handed her a couple of apples .
the apples you gave us were healthy , smiled amy .
jeff picked up an apple and smelled it .
it does nt smell like an apple .
to have apples throughout the year , they are stored in an airtight room that is low in oxygen .
his manservant , a young goblin with a face like a withered apple , cocked one furry eyebrow .
there was hot sliced beef and freshly baked homemade bread , baked potatoes , and a huge tub of baked beans and molasses , along with coffee , tea , and spicy hot apple cider .
he was pleased when she was born , and she soon became the apple of his eye .
i got a burrito and some apple juice and sat down with the other kids .
he believed rather than an apple a day , that a salad each afternoon guaranteed good health .
he had tracked her to hawaii when their inside person at apple provided them with dr . evans gps coordinates as she moved from island to island .
apples welcoming attitude towards international employees allowed them to easily place one of their brighter faithful from pakistan in the sensitive data - collection department of apple .
apples welcoming attitude towards international employees allowed them to easily place one of their brighter faithful from pakistan in the sensitive data - collection department of apple .
he made love to her for the first time on a starry night under an apple tree in an orchard they had found together , a blanket for a bed and a small portable radio playing the music they both loved .
mother would lose their help when the vegetables were being picked , canned , and dried , and stealth would n't even dream of releasing them to take a trip up to the apple orchard she stumbled on during a raid .
mother did her best to keep pushing her people , to point out that they still had grains and apples , to remind them of the huge hunt that was planned for later in the month .
served with fish and fresh apple slices , it was a fresh food feast the likes of which none of them had eaten in nearly a year .
without missing a beat , he replied with : i do not like apples with the red shell .
from this bracelet hung seven tiny charms , all made of pure silver or gold , all seemingly random : an apple , a double - decker bus , a tiny bearded man with a sword and shield , an oval - shaped bead with swirls of light pink and white within it , a buddha , a cupcake , and a baby carriage .
the apple does nt fall far from the tree , indeed says satyr .
same for me , please , dylan said , slipping his recorder into his pocket , but ill have an apple fritter .
but when kaitlyn jerked back and visibly gagged , he laughed without malice , threw the mutton to a dog and offered her an apple .
kaitlyn nibbled on her apple looking back and forth between them .
he rubbed another apple to a glistening red on his sleeve and rolled it to her .
after he bit an apple he said , see that fat man up there joining the lady ?
chapter 50 the tables were laden with platters filled with seasoned roasts , twists of shaped breads , bowls of boiled roots , and platters of baked apples , raisins , and spices .
chapter 5 i watched judd swallow hard , his adams apple bobbing .
i do , gellica , i felt my adams apple ache .
angel city was the largest whisperward in the west , second only to far - off apple city .
` ` i ' ve got an apple .
i ' ve never had an apple before .
angel city had only two apple trees and bartering for their fruit was steep .
there were n't many besides gardeners who had ever tasted apple .
i was tempted to take him up on the offer , at least long enough to eat half an apple before backing out of whatever else he had in mind , but i was n't sure i could endure woods ' company that long .
not robots or clothes or apples .
there were orchards behind the glass , too , little pieces of eden where people like woods and the gardeners picked apples and other juicy delicacies .
i wondered if some of them were moving north to boulder city or wind city , maybe even further east to apple city .
i remembered woods and his damned apple .
i 'd never eaten an apple and i would consider killing to try one .
` ` if you 're free sometime soon , i could get my hands on another apple . ''
from angel city to apple city , god had left his children only harsh desert .
woods and his fucking apples .
` ` apple city 's protection is beginning to shrink and wind city is trying to build a bigger wall to stop the storms . ''
it looked like an apple on the end of a stick .
its graham corbett , the guy who almost single - handedly put apple and microsoft out of business , said stephen as he stood next to the hologram .
london , england , 6 pm , august 2024 apple , abbey road professor everett evans was in a hurry to reach the studio of the beatles .
but he had to courteously decline as he had this meeting to attend to first , and ringo was going to meet him at apple a bit later on to discuss the funding as well .
as he made his way down the street towards the entrance to apple , he could see the big beautiful logo over the door .
the apple building began to collapse , sending huge splinters of metal beams and concrete into citizens at its feet or trying to get back to their feet .
the buildings opposite the apple building began to open up like over ripe apples , their sides splitting and spilling citizens into the rubble and chaos below , their terror and horror echoing through the canyons of the streets below as the building almost as if in slow motion tumbled downwards , portions at a time , burying one person after another in the rubble , until one could see an arm protruding here , a leg there , a bleeding head there , the arms of a small child there .
the buildings opposite the apple building began to open up like over ripe apples , their sides splitting and spilling citizens into the rubble and chaos below , their terror and horror echoing through the canyons of the streets below as the building almost as if in slow motion tumbled downwards , portions at a time , burying one person after another in the rubble , until one could see an arm protruding here , a leg there , a bleeding head there , the arms of a small child there .
adam was lounging under a tree and eating an apple .
i dumped by school bag on the counter top and snatched an apple from the bowl of mixed fruits .
i crunched into the apple before answering with a shrug .
there were fresh mulberries and apples , pancakes and maple syrup and caramel cookies .
eventually , boredom got to me like a worm in an apple and i stopped playing with the lever .
earth , once called the blue planet , had now turned black and red like a rotten apple as sol threatened to fill the entire sky .
that guy is a bad apple .
her nose was delicately carved against her round apple cheeks .
here is the clear glass apple of the void , the endless empty space between the worlds .
there 's a grove of golden peaches , there are apples , green and red , there 's a hierophant who teaches from the gospels of the dead .
she held out a black ball about the size of a large apple .
new - earth miniseries muron : the apple of earth was exported to many planets immediately after intervention .
the apple became known as the muron .
unlike many other foods in the federation , apples , or murons , where not a trademarked or licensed food , owned by any one person or group .
he said to no one in particular , the apple does nt fall far from the tree , does it ?
lilly swiftly stabbed her right hand forward and caught parker right in his adam s apple , which sent him sprawling back on his ass .
he also held the record for the longest kill shot up until the afghanistan and iraq shit , but our snipers have much better technology these days , so that s comparing apples to oranges .
she had met ike , a kansas native , who had chosen howie in the hills as the broadway play to see when he and his staffers were on holiday in the big apple .
he smiled at her and held out an apple .
` ` just take a bite out of it like you would an apple . ''
black apple community college- - morning -this is the first day of the fall semester .
voice over { a female voice } mindy simon is an 18 year old young woman who has a step sister named trisha who is also attending black apple community college .
then the camera pulls wider and back out of the truck as mcbride begins to cry and she grabs an apple that was sitting in the seat and throws it through the front window of the truck .
clatterford was standing bargaining with a man with a stall of spirits , fruits , and other services for some apples when he is surrounded by a number of swiss guardsmen .
hell get his apples later .
this one is a chicken burrito , apple crumb cake and orange drink .
as long as we kept moving fast , i could ignore the chill , but i wished for the feeling of the sun on my face like i wished for a cheeseburger , or bag of potato chips or even an apple .
as it was , i saw the mountain place in my minds eye as if i were already there : the wooded entrance that you d miss from the road if you did nt know what you were looking at , the dirt road , just barely wide enough for single vehicle , winding for nearly a quarter mile until you reached the edges of the orchard where this time of year the last of the seasons apples would be dangling in the branches .
the purple inhabitants inside sarah 's cells did n't spare any effort and did n't miss any anomaly , her skin was flawless and radiant , with no visible pores , lines , wrinkles , or dark spots , with a rosy blush on the apples of her cheeks , a perfect complement to her almond shaped green eyes shaded by lush eyelashes .
like an apple or a microsoft in their early days .
i watched her sweet apple bottom all the way back to her desk .
bel means sacred grove of apple trees .
side note : as pointed out previously , the title el , one of gods names in the bible , comes from sanskrit and first meant sacred grove of apple trees .
the whole world knows our neighborhoods fly clean streets , good schools were american as apple pie !
stacking boxes of shiny red apples , ben casually looked around .
he picked out one of the apples and slipped it into the pocket of his hoody .
he reached into his sweatshirt pocket and took out the apple .
to him , an apple never tasted more delicious .
before he could sink his teeth into the apple for a second time , he heard an angry voice yelling at him .
ben was so startled that he nearly dropped the apple .
eat your apple on your own time .
he smiled when the interior was filled with fresh apples .
he tossed one of the apples to her and then grabbed one of his own .
she sat down beside leon and began fishing through the apple barrel .
she met him beneath their favorite apple tree , but the years that had slipped deliriously by had transformed the freckle faced , bright eyed little girl with the short black curls he had played with all his life into a raven haired , sapphire eyed beauty with skin like a wild ivory orchid and a mouth like warm burgundy wine , that he pressed to his own .
he d bought some fruit and carefully shared an apple out between them .
blue punched the man in the adams apple .
i handed him the money , took my apple , and walked away with a few crunches along the way .
after a short walk from the apple cart to the palace and i was there .
must have brass apples to book a challenge against you .
that s because he had brass apples , he did , sanger said .
quit bobbing for apples , frog said .
the flesh and bone gave easily , like a rotten apple .
10 love machine 13 appraisal 16 night time waking 19 pawns 23 tabitha 26 hostage 30 predictions 33 cinderneila 37 bad trip 39 fugitive 43 a penny 48 ironing 52 clubbing is an ideal way to meet new people 56 bats 58 apples and oranges 62 the poems 65 the souls room 66 the holy temple 68 hen ficerdy 70 what makes christmas special ?
apples and oranges a christmas story belinda the elf was old enough to remember a workshop , a room bright with chatter and sparkling tools , where the floor was thick with soft sawdust and bits of miracles .
ironic , she thought , that the only apples and oranges children wanted in their stockings these days were ipads and mobile phones .
i could not help but be aware of every part of him , every restless movement , from the bobbing of his adams apple as he swallowed nervously to the shifting of his weight from one bare foot to the other and the long , strong arms which hung pendulously at his sides , their fists clenching and unclenching as he tried to ease his anxiety .
his prominent adams apple bobbed in his scrawny throat , but he appeared at ease and otherwise preoccupied with his electronic tablet .
his adams apple bobbed in his throat as he swallowed hard .
` ` they 're wandering around the # apple spaceship hq gathering products and poking around . ''
i took a deep breath and leaned against that dwarf apple tree and wondered what to do next .
i hung around the apple orchard saturday and sunday , exploring and getting to know the trees , bushes and other growing things .
monday , after a breakfast of cherries and apples i set off for new rochelle to see what a day in the life of a colonist was like so as to better know how to imitate that life .
` ` were you harvesting apples in the orchard ? ''
worse , if all of the residents of new rochelle were farmers , how long would it be before they harvested the apples and uncovered my hiding spot ?
the trees had blossoms and green fruit and ripe apples all at the same time so fruit could be harvested continuously .
you have to sign up before anyone else if you want to harvest the apples in that orchard . ''
i 'd dealt with the government enough during my graduate days to find my way around with no trouble so soon i was signed up to single - handedly harvest all the apples and cherries in the orchard near new rochelle .
among other things , i learned the proper process for harvesting apples and cherries .
a half hour later , the wagon was full of cherries and apples but one of the first things i 'd learned as a child was not to show off my abilities so i waited until evening to bring the full wagon back to the center .
lasagna and an apple , probably one from my trees .
it was all i could do not to run through town and into the apple orchard .
the apples were growing their little hearts out but i 'd brought a cart full to town earlier that day along with cherries that were so abundant that i 'd suggested they slow down a bit , after thanking them for doing so well , of course .
the next day i did n't know what to do with braveheart when i brought my weekly load of apples to town so i brought him with me , tucked in a pocket .
` ` and why is someone living in the apple orchard ? ''
as we emerged from the apple orchard , he made the laconic comment that there were some perks to being the mayor of new rochelle .
` ` i 'd get that mattress out of the apple orchard as soon as possible if i were you without making it look like you ' ve been living there . ''
i went to a window and pulled the curtain aside and was glad that it overlooked a field beside the apple orchard instead of the town square .
the apartment was wonderful in that it made it relatively easy to avoid people who might ask embarrassing questions though i did miss sleeping surrounded by beautiful , friendly apple trees that made me feel safe and loved and cherry bushes that hovered over me protectively .
now , emboldened by this step towards a legitimate existence , i wandered the new rochelle town square daily , ate occasionally in the caf , and made sure to visit for a while with the other farmers when i brought in my weekly harvest of cherries and apples .
most of all , why did he sneak out to play in the middle of an apple orchard instead of playing where people could enjoy his music ?
so thinking , i packed a picnic lunch and headed to the empty field that was between my apartment building and the apple orchard .
he said that you would have moved into an apple orchard if he had n't intervened .
` ` the apple trees deserve all of the credit . ''
` ` i 'd rather harvest apples and cherries than work in the greenhouses . ''
my only influence at the moment was with the apple orchard and the cherry bushes .
` ` just like you tell the orchard to grow nice apples and cherries and they do . ''
i knew them from delivering apples and cherries so i sauntered over .
no apples today ? ''
elle 's apples and cherries are growing great .
the other villages are n't bringing in crops like they did and we are getting better thanks to your cherries and apples .
a few days later , i was in the apple orchard filling the cart with my weekly harvest of apples and cherries when i sensed someone behind me .
a few days later , i was in the apple orchard filling the cart with my weekly harvest of apples and cherries when i sensed someone behind me .
but as he ducked around the apples hanging heavy on the trees he said , ` ` this fruit is wonderful .
stared at the apple orchard and a group of kids playing baseball .
` ` or you preferred to work alone because it 's hard to build a bomb with other people around but no one would notice in the middle of an apple orchard .
` ` the way she made the apple trees well when they did n't feel so good . ''
` ` what apple trees ? ''
as if harvesting apples required lessons .
it 's time to harvest apples . ''
there are apples in the orchard ready to be harvested and since we 're joined at the hip , you 're about to be educated on the finer points of picking fruit . ''
he leaned one hip against the cart and took an apple and turned it every which way as if doing so would help him figure me out .
i sank to the ground , crossing my legs as i went downward until i sat easily between a lovely apple tree and the cart it had proudly deposited apples in .
i sank to the ground , crossing my legs as i went downward until i sat easily between a lovely apple tree and the cart it had proudly deposited apples in .
to show them how to produce the best music the best apples possible .
` ` i hear you ' ve been picking apples . ''
where apple trees grew , other trees would be nearby .
` ` so no more being stuck in that apple forest for you .
as i zipped along the narrow path to new rochelle that was totally artificial but looked like a rural gravel road , i realized i 'd not gotten around to asking darlene to speak to her husband about letting me get back to the apple orchard .
as i ran i thought that he might be right , there 's little that apple trees and cherry bushes can do .
` ` i guess i go back to raising apples and cherries . ''
so not long after my conversation with darlene , when i was in the orchard checking on the cherry bushes while the apple trees deposited apples in my cart , i heard a sound .
so not long after my conversation with darlene , when i was in the orchard checking on the cherry bushes while the apple trees deposited apples in my cart , i heard a sound .
the bananas , oranges and apples are copper - colored and piled together loosely in a stone bowl .
one apple has fallen out of the bowl and it is lying on its side with its metal stem curving skyward .
i look inside and find the apple , slightly tarnished and sitting straight up .
i have an apple and a ... a peach .
the back drop of this new city scared me but was so fitting to their existence , buildings left destroyed , bodies scattered throughout the street and these creatures , these damn monsters patrolling across a canvas of destruction , once known as the big apple .
i am starra starbuck , five feet , one inch , weighs 95 pounds , one ounce with waist - length silver wavy hair , a triangle face , small gray pupils , a button nose , two apple cheekbones , and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin .
i extend my glove and rub his forehead then produce an apple from the other gloved hand .
i jump down , presenting another apple .
you got an apple , also .
i produce two red apples , extending my gloves .
they attack the apples then swallow almost whole then stomp hoofs for more .
i see chicken , rice , beans , hot rolls , apple slices , and chocolate cake .
i look at the wealth of food before me and take a sip of the apple cider .
she 'd roamed around spearheart 's lands since she could first walk ; she 'd taken in the hills to the west with their apple orchards that were spreading wildly where ever there was an empty strip , then south to the ruined house that was now a pile of moss covered stone and slate .
she stopped and began to eat a rosy - red apple from her pocket .
we 'll just require a few more berries and some apples tomorrow .
she spotted an apple tree near to the road which she decided she would come back and pick clean .
she asked him why he did n't want his bed roll back as they broke their fast on apples and meat .
bear fell silent and took a bite from his apple .
he asked and offered her an apple from what she thought had become a bottomless pocket of apples .
he asked and offered her an apple from what she thought had become a bottomless pocket of apples .
alex bit into the apple like it was this foul being who dared die and have a tower built in his honour .
in his hands the apple looked tiny and after two bites it was almost gone .
she ate until her belly was fit to burst until sally came in with an enormous round pie filled with apple and cinnamon .
hot apples dipped in honey ... tom licked his lips and clapped in excitement .
she passed her a leather hood and put the bundle of clothes , her clothes , in her arms along with a sack of apples and a handful of books .
she asked as he passed her half an apple and some cheese .
it tastes like spoiled apple , she said .
all i had was a sack of apples and the shoes i had on my feet .
alex suddenly felt hungry having only had some apple that morning and she was n't about to let those soldiers kill her appetite .
wet black hair clings to her face , accentuating the apples of her cheeks , and water drips down her straight nose to splatter the ground at her feet .
it was generally boiled eggs and baked cheese and warm bread and petty sugary cakes called swing - stearls and boiled ripe bananas and apples and a dark colored preservers tea commonly known to them as cuff - and - crabe , which was on every occasion served and devoured with swing - stearls and boiled ripe or even unripe bananas .
the visitors , who sat on the sofas , were served grapes and cooked bananas and peeled - and - hewed apples and sparkling wine and some puny - loafed bread called mabwe .
francis gave the donkey an apple , and then pointed with a short stubby finger .
he extended an apple in the palm of his hand through the slats of the fence .
he lowered his thick neck down to the apple , sniffing through his wide nostrils , blowing franciss hair back , and with great delicacy opened its mouth and chomped the apple in one go .
he lowered his thick neck down to the apple , sniffing through his wide nostrils , blowing franciss hair back , and with great delicacy opened its mouth and chomped the apple in one go .
kenneth remembered his father 's glasses , usually smudged at the end of a long day , sitting on the table next to a glass bowl full of green apples .
how would they know when they d got all the rotten apples ?
it looks to me very much like a cashew apple ... dektri explained eloquently , never really could find a market for them the nut is much more popular .
dektri burst out laughing , i m sure he did after all those cashew apples !
i picked up a few on my way a pity they had no cashew apples ... mmmh , slick snatched the now exotic fruit eagerly and began peeling , cashew apples ?
i picked up a few on my way a pity they had no cashew apples ... mmmh , slick snatched the now exotic fruit eagerly and began peeling , cashew apples ?
ariot moved over to the fridge and grabbing a glass poured himself some apple juice .
there was a smell of apple pie , and i could hear some chinking noises from the kitchen .
she placed an apple pie she had just made on the table , and took her red and white checked apron off , revealing the same hourglass dress that all the other women had been wearing that day , yet this woman was buxom , and i found my eyes glancing at her cleavage several times , despite myself .
suella raised her glass of sparkling apple cider ( if toni was nt allowed to drink , she reasoned , then neither should she ) .
in the meantime nathan and suella showed natalie all of the sights of the big apple .
those who sat beside him looked quickly to mr . sunshine and hung on his every movement , the way the large apple of mr . sunshines throat hung and moved on every word from the young mans mouth .
instead , philip bought an alcohol lamp , a bottle of wood - alcohol , a saucepan , a dish , a soup - plate , a teaspoon , a fork , a knife , a soup - spoon , a dish - towel , washing - up liquid , salt , pepper , a large bottle of mineral water , half a dozen eggs , four slices of ham , a baguette , two apples , two oranges , two dusty cans of campbell 's soup , ( cream of mushroom and asparagus - tips ) and an inefficient - looking can - opener .
it involved a suspicious sniff and then audible gulps , a bobbing adams apple and a terminal ahhh of satisfaction .
i plant an apple tree , a peasgood nonsuch , up against the back wall in memory of scruff .
the bougainvillea has covered the walls in magenta and the peasgood nonsuch has huge apples on it .
nonetheless , the woman who used to bake him apple pies was guarding its only entrance .
the mongoose tattoo was barely visible in the hollow right below the man 's adams apple .
in response , ravene unzipped his jacket to show me his tattoo , right in the hollow of his throat right below his adams apple .
some of the older women were somewhat resentful and hostile to her , no doubt because she was the apple of ptards eye , but she could nt do anything about it .
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
` ` an apple .
tuki took a bite of the apple .
tuki continued to chew on his apple .
while i was gone , he untied his reigns , went inside the commanders office , and dropped a steamy load of road apples right on his desk .
she buries herself in an apple , though there s a little smile at the corners of her mouth as she chews .
the adams apple undulated under the creaseless membrane of his skin .
dastous totem was a talking apple pie .
koris sipped his apple juice nonchalantly .
to take his mind of the note to mark , he grabbed a small apple out of the bag and thought about that instead .
remembering the chinese new year party where they both got drunk on apple cider was going to end horribly .
my reputation will only take a slight hit , she explained as she handed ghoad a glass of apple cider .
to anarrrchy , ghoad echoed before taking a sip of the apple cider .
the guy on the left has a full mane of shocking white hair and an equally shocking long white beard which tapers to a point somewhere below his adam 's apple .
i like my fruit hard , as a rule , like an apple , slightly under - ripe and tart .
my brain busies itself trying to think of how i might explain bluetooth technology and the apple conglomerate to him , when reyes shakes his head .
the elf was eating an apple .
he threw the apple cog out through the window .
there was a young man in front of her at the counter buying some apples , eggs , and about a hundred rounds of assorted ammunition cartridges .
and gilfoyle , that balding , cane - wielding , gold - ring - wearing rotten apple of a mining tycoon who still had my medallion .
primie blood , the deep scarlet color of a ripe red apple .
confused and scared , shed fallen to her knees only to have these animals throw crab apples at her which staining her white dress with red circles .
he could see an abundance of black fruit , about the same size as apples slightly hidden behind almost every leaf .
no sense in mixing apples and oranges , he said .
no sense in mixing apples and oranges .
the dude did nt even bother opening his eyes : ` ` do n't care man '' ` ` this one looks like an apple .
the stupid brat is drawing bugs and apples on my window .
for thousands of years , the humans prized their intellect , from making symbols on cave walls and inventing the wheel to building great temples and civilisations ... and then they needed an apple to fall on their head to become aware of gravity !
garth needed to use a better deodorant , but his hair smelled like applesnot of apples , but like them ; a slight metallic tinge told me it had been synthesized .
she breathed , her eyes as wide as apples .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ officer vrrad walked ahead of his captive , whose orange eyes had gone wide as apples as he looked at him .
pull a crate of apples out of my ass ?
small , like akbar , brown hair like wet rock , blue eyes like plasma exhaust , fat cheeks like kandor apples .
a women in white brings me a bottle of water and an apple .
` ` apples from the east ! ''
` ` how much for the apples ? ''
his adams apple bobbed up and down as he started to talk , we have it all .
the library of congress , the patent office , darpa , apple , microsoft , you name it .
one of them asked baldur , rubbing his adams apple where ariel had landed a surprisingly painful punch .
they firmly believed that one rotten apple spoiled the whole bunch .
home grown apples , honey and wheat , beef lard .
it had to be put in the same way it had been put in first grade : a is for apple and the apple is round .
it had to be put in the same way it had been put in first grade : a is for apple and the apple is round .
marty 'd be attacking motherhood and apple pie .
the psychologist 's adam 's apple wobbled as the bottle upended , and then , with a satisfied grunt and a smack of the lips , he began again .
he swallowed so hard his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
his face was craggy and lined , his hair was pure white , and his adam 's apple wobbled when he talked .
nimmo sat down with a grunt , and reached into a pocket for an apple .
nimmo discarded the core and reached for a second apple .
he smiled at margie and gave her an apple , then took the teacher apart .
' and my adam 's apple . '
she opened it now to the two - page spread showing william tell shooting the apple off his son 's head with a bolt from his crossbow , and indicated , first the archer in his medieval costume , then his son .
or that someone was going to come here to shoot apples off his head ?
bronowski came across an apple in the capacious pocket of his jacket and bit into it .
it is called an apple and is reputed to be pleasant . ''
baley brought an apple to his mouth .
he bit into the center of the apple and hard , dark little ovoids popped into his mouth .
he put the apple down gingerly .
for instance , there was no movement of an adam 's apple when r. daneel swallowed .
` ` and here is dr . venabili with two knives that she can use very expertly and there 's myself , who can , if i get the chance , break your adam 's apple with one hand so that you 'll never speak above a whisper again .
trevize said , ` ` that 's probably an apple orchard we 're looking at and , for all we know , they 're making applesauce . ''
human beings harvest the apples that are needed ; other animals , including insects , eat their share and only their share . ''
joan threw an apple at him .
i drew a line on my own face , starting at the back corner of my jaw and curving around to beside my adam 's apple .
there was more blood on his belly , on one hand , and his face was positively smothered with it , as if he 'd been bobbing for apples in a slaughterhouse .
i 'd dropped myself into the dinner hall of the greatest hunter of faerie - practically thrown myself onto a plate with an apple in my mouth , in fact - and then used an idle slip of his tongue to claim the ancient rights of protection as his guest , thus obligating him , as host , to uphold those responsibilities to me .
on a morning walk near harvest time in his ninth year , just over the third rise in the apple orchards north of central , they came on a shallow depression free of trees and lush with many different plants .
` ` that one will fertilize an apple tree . ''
` ` dar came here once with a sprig of apple blossoms , but my projection showed harvest time . ''
` ` dar liked apples , '' murbella said .
and a dish of apple sauce .
in the morning everything lives in a special way -- the wet - green leaves and the oily grayblue of the jay 's feathers -- the brownwetblack of the road - apple -- everything !
for a long time he gazed at the withered old apple tree .
only a few dark leaves hung from it -- and some withered apples , dried and seasoned by the wind and mists .
and then he saw the apple , and it all was different immediately .
in the gloom , the apple from the apple tree glistened moistly .
in the gloom , the apple from the apple tree glistened moistly .
and if i eat the apple , something good will happen .
the christians -- father abernathy -- would say the apple is evil , a product of satan , and that if you bite into it you sin .
he sent a manual extensor after the apple , and , a moment later , held it directly before his eyes , a beam from his miner 's hat illuminating it .
tibor said , ` ` what 's the story on this apple tree ?
that may involve shaking a few trees and looking for the bad apples from time to time .
` ` it 's apples and goddamn oranges , '' jabba said .
` ` apples and apples !
` ` apples and apples !
i can probably get one from apple . ''
he had a little round head like an apple .
he especially likes it if i have apples or oranges .
then there were cabbages and onions in abundance , and apples and hazelnuts .
i sold my fields and bought an apple farm because i figured it would be easier - you do n't have to replant trees every year . ''
its pungent fumes rilled her sinuses as she fought for breath : the rich , choking scents of rotten apples and smoked meat , of saffron gasses bursting from an opened oven .
but she 'd lost her perfect balance the moment darling had stuck that insane apple pie into her mouth .
the photo showed a sallow - faced individual with protruding adam 's apple , bad teeth and eyes , sternly staring into nothing .
you ' ve read your orange catholic bible , thus you know the story of eve and the apple .
here 's an interesting fact about that story : eve was not the first to pluck and sample the apple .
the tables rotated like clocks , and we could smell roast pork , beef , lobster , chickens , baked apples .
the mummy 's face was like an old , shriveled apple .
a warm breeze perfumed by spring blossoms from the apple orchards wafted into the room .
dak was in a lawn chair when she arrived , sitting under the branches of an apple tree as he read from a gigantic book .
an apple turned brown in a few minutes .
with a mask similar to fain 's pulled down to cover his adam 's apple , he wore his dark brown hair cut short , but long enough to form a beautiful mess of curls around his face .
it appeared darling had stabbed him right below the adam 's apple , then ripped the knife across his entire neck .
apple and peach and apricot trees would still be planted and tended , sprayed and watered , even if glass jars of caviar showed up in the various settlements at twenty dollars each .
an apple .
thomas glanced up to see his friend munching on his own apple .
he handed a second apple to thomas , who took it without saying thank you and chomped a big bite .
` ` you still sound like an idiot when you use glader words , '' minho responded before taking another bite of his apple .
another apple .
minho sounded completely detached , as if he were counting how many apples they 'd lost when the packs had blown away .
the old man sat in the barn doorway in the smell of apples , rocking , wanting not to want to smoke not because of the doctor but because now his heart fluttered all the time .
his grandfather was standing coatless in a blizzard that was not late snow but early apple blossoms in a high warm wind ; grandpa was wearing his biballs with a collared shirt beneath , a shirt that looked as if it had once been green but was now faded to a noaccount olive by dozens or hundreds of washings , and beneath the collared shirt was the round of a cotton undershirt ( the kind with the straps , of course ; in those days they made the other kind , but a man like grandpa would be a strap - undershirt man to the end ) , and this shirt was clean but the color of old ivory instead of its original white because gramma 's motto , often spoken and stitched into a living - room sampler as well ( presumably for those rare times when the woman herself was not there to dispense what wisdom needed dispensing ) , was this : use it , use it , and do n't , for heaven 's sake , ever dare to lose it !
there were apple blossoms caught in grandpa 's long hair , still only half white , and the boy thought the old man was beautiful in the trees .
one of the boards squeaked when grandpa rocked , and there he sat , a book face down in his lap , his hands folded atop it , there he sat rocking amid the dim sweet smells of hay and apples and cider .
clivey had still been looking for a place when arthur osgood got to sixty , turned around , and ` ` caught him out '' as he was trying to squirm - as a last resort - behind a pile of apple crates stacked haphazardly in the angle formed by the barn and the press - shed , where the machine that pressed blems into cider bulked in the dimness like an engine of torture .
apple blossoms blowing in the old man 's hair .
one caught in the hollow at the base of his throat , the dent below his adam 's apple , caught there like a jewel that was pretty simply because some things were and could n't help it , but was gorgeous because it lacked duration : in a few seconds it would be brushed impatiently away and left on the ground where it would become perfectly anonymous among its fellows .
then , as he had this thought , an apple blossom went skating across the crystal and was gone .
any moment now a bolt would come out of the blue sky , sizzling his grandpa dead as doggy - doo and turning the apple trees into torches that would signal the old man 's damnation to all and sundry .
the apple blossoms blowing through the air would be turned into something like bits of char floating up from the incinerator in their backyard when his father burned the week 's worth of newspapers on late sunday afternoons .
was n't i already on the lookout for apple pickers from around town , and had n't i already put in an order for five hundred handbills to get put up over the border in canada ?
he was the apple of her eye , he was . ''
` ` understanding and instruction are things that do n't have nothing to do with each other , '' grandpa said in the apple trees .
stan had gone online to find out what greys ate , and had gotten gerard some delicious apples and special greens .
( with certain geeky peeps , i ' ve heard , the apple logo alone does the trick . )
my brother purloined an apple from the basket on the island in the kitchen on his way to the door , glanced over his shoulder , and said , ` ` moron .
he had a crooked , lumpish nose , a jutting adam 's apple and unsightly neck protruded from his food - stained shirt .
the same quality of oxygen that makes a half - eaten apple turn brown , or makes iron rust , is incredibly destructive to the human body if exposed to too much of it .
eddie opened his mouth to point out that what might well turn out to be the most important document in the history of the world - more important than the magna carta or the declaration of independence or albert einstein 's theory of relativity - was headed by a dumb pun , and how did roland like them apples ?
it moaned through the steamy , brilliant air and took off the intruder 's head with gory precision just above the adam 's apple .
` ` we buried pimsy under the apple tree , where he could watch the blossoms fall in the spring , '' her voice said .
also apple butter . ''
` ` apple butter 'd be good , '' jake said .
ted and dinky will help me , if only to keep their friends- '' she gave this word a bitterly sarcastic litde twist that actually encouraged roland a bit ; she was in there after all , it seemed ` ` -from taking him away from me and lynching his body from a sour apple tree . ''
faint and faint , raising the hair on the gunslinger 's arms , came susannah 's voice : ` ` we buried pimsey under the apple tree ... '' then it was gone .
` ` these for fever and cough , '' he said , and bit into the first one as if it were an apple .
it was a chop to my adam 's apple with the side of his hand .
there was no separation , and man could not duplicate this any more than a man could prepare a complete dinner from appetizers to dessert by mixing together the ingredients for everything into a single large dish , cooking it , and hoping to separate the apple pie from the cheese dip later on .
` ` a very hardy apple earth - side .
zentz had finished gnashing down his apple and was once again gawking about the greens .
` ` you have n't tried your apple , '' flattery said , nodding to the bright yellow fruit in nevi 's palm .
we eat the apple and we learn just enough to make us afraid .
look at you , sitting there and shaking like a man who 's eaten an apple from the fever tree .
the gunslinger said doubtfully , thinking of apple trees and the spring flowers in the royal court gardens .
juice , a bag of apples .
trudy and heidi were baking rolls in the kitchen and sharing a bright green , juicy apple .
heidi nodded in greeting , her teeth sunk in the apple .
a few had apples in their hands - all sharing with someone else .
glass slippers , poisoned apples , mermaids who wanted to have souls ... of course , we did n't have time to tell many stories .
avata also admires the wheat and corn , the apple trees and cedars .
i saw the apple shape on it and flinched a little , remembering that i had thrown something out the window - eighty gigs of music that smelly boy had given me .
as pearl leaned forward in the apple glow , i saw the pulse in her throat , and the beast inside me growled .
i flashed back to my hours spent at the apple store looking for just the right strap : sleek black leather with a shiny steel usb connector .
garraty could see curley 's adam 's apple going up and down .
for some crazy reason he wanted a cold flapjack full of apple jelly .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and something clicked in his throat .
( and will there be apple pie to follow ?
they were waiting for her , they were going to help peter hang her from a sour apple tree or perhaps stone her the way the townspeople had stoned the woman in that shirley jackson story she 'd read back in high school .
his adam 's apple went up and down in his throat like something in a slot .
saying such an awful thing to jan was apt to expel her from this place of safety as surely as adam and eve had been expelled from the garden of eden for eating the wrong apple , but that did n't change how she felt .
he asks for a dozen apples , i tell him my uncle is a little worse .
` ` even if you should live when i pull the ring , you wo n't be able to get a job selling apples . ''
the smell of burned powder and burned flesh was clear and crisp , as distinctive as apples in a cider press .
an apple rolled perilously close to the edge of the table , but he ignored it .
it included three sandwiches , a bag of chips , a banana , and a carton of yogurt in addition to the wayward apple .
jonathan was eating an apple .
jonathan checked his jacket pockets , but the apples were gone .
` ` what 's more practical than the problem of why an apple falls to the ground ? ''
5 robert morris was sitting in the hospital cafeteria finishing some stale apple pie when his pagemaster went off .
he stared across the cafeteria at the remainder of his apple pie as he dialed the switchboard .
there were two sandwiches on it , a wedge of apple pie , and a glass of chocolate milk .
jake drank his milk , then grabbed the plate with the apple pie on it .
the gunslinger 's throat bulged ; his adam 's apple rose and fell as he struggled with speech .
once there had been a boy named andrew , and his father had taken that boy to a park on the far western side of lud , a park where there had been apple trees and a rusty tin shack that looked like hell and smelled like heaven .
there had been more apples - baskets and baskets of them - stacked against the walls inside , and there had also been a scrawny old man named dewlap , whose muscles writhed beneath his white skin like worms and whose job was to feed the apples , basket by basket , to the loose - jointed , clanking machine which stood in the middle of the room .
there had been more apples - baskets and baskets of them - stacked against the walls inside , and there had also been a scrawny old man named dewlap , whose muscles writhed beneath his white skin like worms and whose job was to feed the apples , basket by basket , to the loose - jointed , clanking machine which stood in the middle of the room .
yet what he remembered even more clearly than the taste of the cider or the wormy shift and squiggle of dewlap 's muscles as he dumped the baskets was the merciless way the machine reduced the big red - gold apples to liquid .
the apples had first been squeezed and then actually popped , spilling their juices down an inclined trough while a screen caught the seeds and pulp .
now his head was the cider - press and his brains were the apples .
soon they would pop as the apples had popped beneath the roller , and the blessed darkness would swallow him .
she lifted the golden apple , and a lovely five - pointed star , ' oh , i ' ve had them for years .
she turned to her slice of apple pie and mound of ice cream .
he walked off a few steps , got out his handkerchief , and mopped the perspiration from his upper lip and neck , the hollow beneath his adam 's apple where it was so hard , in the mornings , to shave .
like the apple originally . ''
he bit into an apple .
he fixed his gaze on a flabby , big - footed , middle - aged , unnatural - looking individual with pasted - down hair , muddy skin plus a peculiar protruding adam 's apple - clad , for this occasion , in a shift dress the color of a baboon 's ass .
' i want to get high as apple pie in a red dirt sky , ' mel said , and then laughed : nyuck - nyuck - nyuck .
' roast beef , mashed with gravy , apple crisp for dessert . '
let 's put it this way - once we pull the trigger , this town will be ready to hang baaarbie from a sour apple tree .
orange or apple .
' that one was never going to be miss apple blossom . '
once they were out of the trees , joe thought they 'd be able to see the apple orchard at the top .
at the top of black ridge , in the apple orchard that overlooked all of chester 's mill , a brilliant mauve light flashed .
and on that tree was an apple . '
' the flesh of that apple is truth , and the skin of that apple is meth , ' chef said .
' the flesh of that apple is truth , and the skin of that apple is meth , ' chef said .
the end of the barn was standing open , and even with the windows shut and the air - conditioning running full tilt , rusty could smell the cidery aroma of old apples .
his birthday was coming up , and he 'd wanted an apple tv gadget since they 'd come on the market some years earlier .
the object rusty found on black ridge looked so much like his apple tv add - on that he at first thought it actually was one ... only modified , of course , so it could hold an entire town prisoner as well as broadcast the little mermaid to your television via wi - fi and in hd .
the thing on the edge of the mccoy orchard was dark gray instead of white , and rather than the familar apple logo stamped on top of it , rusty observed this somehow troubling symbol : above the symbol was a hooded excrescence about the size of the knuckle on his little finger .
he made his way slowly back toward the van through the apple - heavy trees .
' i hope it do n't come to refighting the alamo in an apple orchard , ' rommie said , ' but i see your point . '
7 joe mcclatchey was headed for the kitchen , wanting one of the remaining cans of apple juice in their dead refrigerator , when he heard his mother say bump and stopped .
` ` sweet apple , '' maury said to her , ` ` we left the edwin m. stanton over at louis ' dad 's house . ''
neither is she a biscuit , a pop - tart , sweettart , apple tart , or any other kind of pastry .
i collected my cereal , an apple , and a big cup of the holy mocha , walked a ways , and settled down on a rock in the blinding light of morning in desert mountains .
it pressed the tender skin just over his adam 's apple .
instead , here they still were , one woman growing toward the end of her courses , thin , disapproving lips in a thin , disapproving face , tiny apple - breasts under her high - necked dresses with their choker collars ( the neck , she frequently told susan , is the first thing to go ) , her hair losing its former chestnut shine and showing wire - threads of gray ; the other young , intelligent , agile , and rounding toward the peak of her physical beauty .
before he even began to shake the tree , however , the apple he wanted fell off and dropped into his hand , neat as you please .
in the orchards , the last and highest of the apples are picked by laughing young men ( in these not - quite - gales , the final days of picking belong only to them ) who bob up and down like crow 's nest lookouts .
there is the smell of apples and beets and beans and sharproot and curing strips of meat .
he was still trying to pull it free when a bullet from roland 's gun opened his mouth in a red scream almost all the way down to his adam 's apple .
a soundless whispering ran through them like a gathering wave , and they began to pelt her - first with cornhusks , then with rotting tomatoes , then with potatoes and apples .
he drank what happened to go in his mouth - the others could see his adam 's apple working as he lay back in the breakdown lane , still pouring - but drinking did n't seem to be his primary purpose .
he broke off from his contemplation of the scents rising from her skin , the floral of a shower gel used earlier in the day contrasting nicely with the apple scent on her hair and the faint overtones of a deep , exotic musk he assumed was perfume from last night .
oh , thanks to her ex she knew that there were rotten apples in the bunch , but this was something else .
` ` you 're a- '' he swallowed , his adam 's apple scraping up and down his neck .
the twelve of them sat around a campfire roasting huge sausages on sticks , which spat and crackled as the fat dripped onto the burning applewood , and drinking fresh apple cider , tangy and tart in their mouths .
october , conscious of his position in the chair , sipped his apple cider , cleared his throat , and said , ` ` okay .
his cheeks were apple red .
october filled his wooden mug with apple cider when he was done , and drained it , and filled it again .
she gave him an apple for grizell .
it was an apple , apparently carved from a single ruby , on an amber stem .
it was soft to the touch - deceptively so : her fingers bruised it , and ruby - colored juice from the apple ran down mrs . whitaker 's hand .
` ` it is one of the apples of the hesperides , '' said galaad quietly .
she looked at the philosopher 's stone , and the egg of the phoenix , and the apple of life .
` ` put that apple away , '' she told galaad firmly .
he put the ruby apple into his leather pouch .
instead he walked up the side of the hill to where a picnic some thirty years before had left its mark in the shape of a large apple tree .
he had eaten a bellyful of unripe apples , sour and white - pipped , from the tree some years before , and had regretted it for days , his guts cramping and painful while mrs . owens lectured him on what not to eat .
now he waited until the apples were ripe before eating them , and never ate more than two or three a night .
he had finished the last of the apples the week before , but he liked the apple tree as a place to think .
he had finished the last of the apples the week before , but he liked the apple tree as a place to think .
he wished he had not devoured all the apples on the tree .
an apple , red and ripe .
the apple , the red of it almost black in the moonlight , hung just out of reach .
bod moved slowly forward along the branch , until he was just below the apple .
then he stretched up , and the tips of his fingers touched the perfect apple .
` ` i was in the apple tree , '' said bod .
he climbed to the top of the hill , until he was above the whole town , above even the top of the apple tree , above even the steeple of the ruined church , up where the frobisher vault stood like a rotten tooth .
i drew a rigid index finger across my adam 's apple .
he took out his apple iphone and showed me all the things it could do .
` ` funny thing is , '' said crawly , ` ` i keep wondering whether the apple thing was n't the right thing to do , as well .
other children learned to read on basic primers with colored pictures of apples , balls , cockroaches , and so forth .
it did n't have any apples and balls in it .
the pianist 's adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
the only battery farm to open in the area had failed after a year or two , and been replaced by an old .. fashioned pig farmer who let his pigs run loose in his apple orchards and sold the pork at premium prices .
he could smell apple pie .
his mother was at the stove , taking a huge apple pie out of the oven to cool .
part of his thoughts were occupied with apple pie .
[ except for giovanni jacopo casanova ( 1725 .. 1798 ) , famed amoutist and litterateur , who revealed in volume 12 of his memoirs that , as a matter of course , he carried around with him at all times a small valise containing ` ` a loaf of bread , a pot of choice seville marmalade , a knife , fork , and small spoon for stirring , 2 fresh eggs packed with care in unspun wool , a tomato or love .. apple , a small frying pan , a small sauce pan , a spirit burner , a chafing dish , a tin box of salted butter of the italian type , 2 bone china plates .
its boughs were bent with the weight of apples , small and green and unripe .
he returned to the ground seconds later with his pockets bulging , munching noisily on a tart and perfect apple .
he threw the apple core back in the general direction of his pursuer , and he reached into a pocket for another .
and there never was an apple , in adam 's opinion , that was n't worth the trouble you got into for eating it .
by this time she decided he should buy her an expensive french sandwich and some overpriced carbonated apple juice , by way of apology , and , well , that was the start of it all , really .
` ` look , '' said richard , his back against the wall , with the glass dagger pressed against his adam 's apple .
hated doing that so i started hanging around the street markets , taking the rotten apples an ' oranges an ' things people threw away .
` ` next time ... ` ` he ran a thick old finger across his adam 's apple ` ` ...
she gave him an apple for grizzel .
` ` it is one of the apples of the hesperides , '' said galaad , quietly .
` ` put that apple away , '' she told galaad , firmly .
i asked daddy if i could give it an apple and he said it probably has fleas , and mummy said it did nt .
i offered it my apple it looked at me with big silver eyes and then it snorted like this , hrrrmph , and ran away over the hill .
snow , glass , apples i do not know what manner of thing she is .
it was winter , when fresh food is a dream of warmth and sunlight ; but i had strings of whole apples , cored and dried , hanging from the beams of my chamber , and i pulled an apple down for her .
it was winter , when fresh food is a dream of warmth and sunlight ; but i had strings of whole apples , cored and dried , hanging from the beams of my chamber , and i pulled an apple down for her .
autumn is the time of drying , of preserving , a time of picking apples , of rendering the goose fat .
winter is the time of hunger , of snow , and of death ; and it is the time of the midwinter feast , when we rub the goose fat into the skin of a whole pig , stuffed with that autumn 's apples ; then we roast it or spit it , and we prepare to feast upon the crackling .
she took the dried apple from me and began to chew it with her sharp yellow teeth .
i carried a silver basin , and a basket in which i had placed a silver knife , a silver pin , some tongs , a gray robe , and three green apples .
i took the three apples , one by one , and pricked their skins gently with my silver pin .
then i placed the apples in the silver bowl and let them sit there while the first tiny flakes of snow of the year fell slowly onto my skin , and onto the apples , and onto the blood .
then i placed the apples in the silver bowl and let them sit there while the first tiny flakes of snow of the year fell slowly onto my skin , and onto the apples , and onto the blood .
when dawn began to brighten the sky i covered myself with the gray cloak , and took the red apples from the silver bowl , one by one , lifting each into my basket with silver tongs , taking care not to touch it .
then i cast a glamour on the apples ( as once , years before , by a bridge , i had cast a glamour on myself ) , that they were , beyond any doubt , the most wonderful apples in the world , and the crimson blush of their skins was the warm color of fresh blood .
then i cast a glamour on the apples ( as once , years before , by a bridge , i had cast a glamour on myself ) , that they were , beyond any doubt , the most wonderful apples in the world , and the crimson blush of their skins was the warm color of fresh blood .
i pulled the hood of my cloak low over my face , and i took ribbons and pretty hair ornaments with me , placed them above the apples in the reed basket , and i walked alone into the forest until i came to her dwelling : a high sandstone cliff , laced with deep caves going back a way into the rock wall .
and then , curious , she moved the cloth to see what else was in the basket , and she saw the red , red apples .
they smelled like fresh apples , of course ; and they also smelled of blood .
i imagine her picking up an apple , pressing it against her cheek , feeling the cold smoothness of it against her skin .
and she opened her mouth and bit deep into it ... by the time i reached my chambers , the heart that hung from the roof beam , with the apples and hams and the dried sausages , had ceased to beat .
did he shake the apple from her throat ?
or did her eyes slowly open as he pounded into her cold body ; did her mouth open , those red lips part , those sharp yellow teeth close on his swarthy neck , as the blood , which is the life , trickled down her throat , washing down and away the lump of apple , my own , my poison ?
it was as if he had left as a child and returned as an adult to examine old property only to find the tree swing gone , the apple tree cut down , the grass grown high , and an outhouse erected over the mound where his best dog was buried .
there was a wind - up tin bird in a cage , a basket of white apples , a dented gold lighter .
would you like an apple ? ''
holding up the basket of white apples as he spoke .
just one bite of the apple away .
fat charlie had , on his first visit to rosie 's mother 's place , taken a bite from one of the wax apples .
he had been extremely nervous , nervous enough that he had picked up an apple - in his defense , an extremely realistic apple - and had bitten into it .
he had been extremely nervous , nervous enough that he had picked up an apple - in his defense , an extremely realistic apple - and had bitten into it .
fat charlie spat out the lump of wax into his hand and thought about pretending that he liked wax fruit , or that he 'd known all along and had just done it to be funny ; however , rosie 's mother had raised an eyebrow , walked over , taken the remains of the apple from him , explained shortly just how much real wax fruit cost these days , if you could find it , and then dropped the apple into the bin .
fat charlie spat out the lump of wax into his hand and thought about pretending that he liked wax fruit , or that he 'd known all along and had just done it to be funny ; however , rosie 's mother had raised an eyebrow , walked over , taken the remains of the apple from him , explained shortly just how much real wax fruit cost these days , if you could find it , and then dropped the apple into the bin .
it looked a bit like an apple .
it had been a fine game , thought grahame coats , and he added two eyes to the apple , and a couple of ears .
whether it 's the apple in eden .
then , from another pocket , he pulled free what looked like a green apple with a handle .
as the man dropped his bucket and reached to a holstered pistol , jack ran at him , elbowing him across his adam 's apple .
around the room , aligned on shelves on all four walls , were forty - three tsantza , each head no more than a wizened apple - the eyes and lips sewn closed , the hair trailing over the shelf edges like spanish moss on trees .
makeen had even fed one of the camels an apple .
their order was placed with much bravado and laughter : salmon salad with apple vinegar , barley stew , breaded veal , tagliatelle pasta with whitefish , something called pappardelle .
he swung next and punched alberto a solid blow to the adam 's apple .
grain , rye , flour , even dried apples .
he ran a sweating palm over the top of his head , like shining an apple .
a hundred years ago , the number of varieties of apples cultivated in the united states stood at over seven thousand .
it was an island of rare apple trees , granting the place its name , from the welsh word afal .
and then , of course , we must not forget our magical apples . ''
father rye stood up , crossed to a bowl on a counter , snatched up an apple , and tossed it toward gray .
` ` there is no other apple like it on earth , '' father rye said proudly .
` ` a few years back , some apples from that tree were taken to the national fruit collection in kent .
they tested the bardsey apple and determined two things .
and second , that the apple was unusually free of any rot or disease .
gray stared at the small apple in his hand , sensing the passage of time and history it represented .
it 's also home to our famous apple tree . ''
gray reached into a pocket of his coat and realized he still had the apple tossed to him by father rye .
as he stared at the pink apple , it reminded him of the abbey 's residents .
both the apple tree and the monks were described in various circles as uncommonly healthy and of amazing longevity .
with his blond hair and apple cheeks , he looked like he 'd just stepped out of a ralph lauren catalog , the norwegian version .
she watched his adam 's apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed .
one of his searchers dropped an apple while investigating a rather lengthy cavern system .
but every family had its bad apples .
jada moved to his other shoulder , bringing with her a waft of apple blossoms .
one moment , the medic was there ; the next , his head was gone from the adam 's apple up .
miller squatted beside the bombs and ate a ration bar that tasted convincingly like apples .
amos , lounging near the engineering console and eating an apple he 'd stolen from their relief supplies , said , ` ` this surprises you why , captain ? ''
when they docked on luna , it was like a starving woman with a slice of apple touched to her lips , but not allowed to bite .
anna cut up apples at the table for a salad .
the apples were small and not very crisp .
she pushed too hard on the knife and it slipped through the soft apple and scored her thumb .
i hope so , '' anna said , putting the last bits of apple in the bowl , then adding nuts and raisins .
the air clung to him , the heat pressing at his skin , but he could imagine the bare metal of the drum 's surface covered in green , the air sweet with the scent of apple blossoms , the cycle of evaporation and condensation cooling it all .
he failed to get a grip in time and the creature drilled inside him , snaking away , like a worm into a diseased apple .
the scent of overripe apples skirts along on the breeze .
kate : ` ` no more apples ? ''
` ` a green apple ? ''
he watched the barkeep pour from various unmarked bottles into a big martini glass , which he set on ethan 's napkin and garnished with a wedge of green apple .
an apple , maybe ? ''
seth glanced down at a shabby tin washtub full of rotten apples .
in the produce section , kendra immediately spotted a young woman with dark , straight hair examining apples .
for dessert there was pumpkin pie , apple pie , pecan pie , and vanilla ice cream .
she picked at small portions and managed to finish with a warm piece of apple pie .
he heard the faint creak of a trunk opening , the rustle of a bag , and the crunch of an apple .
who could be eating the apple ?
the unseen food thief bit into the apple again , and seth stood up , flinging off the lid to the crate and switching on the flashlight .
the goblin stared into the light , an apple core cupped in one pudgy hand , eyes flashing like bronze coins .
the troll stuffed the apple core in his mouth , seeds and all .
but then the fluid tasted like citrus juice , and honey , and saltwater , and grape juice , and milk , and raw eggs , and apple juice , and cream of wheat , and carrot juice -- all those flavors at once but somehow separate and distinct .
chapter fifteen brownie sunday kendra sat before a plate of hot apple pancakes dusted with powdered sugar , already satisfied after her third swallow .
saturday morning pancakes were a sorenson tradition , and apple pancakes were kendra 's favorite .
` ` if i do become a shadow , do n't worry , i wo n't be resentful that my final wish for a few more apple pancakes went unfulfilled . ''
she tasted sweet honey , crisp apples , fleshy mushrooms , and pure water .
i have apple juice .
the sphinx popped open a can of apple juice and poured the contents into a frosty mug .
he had a pronounced adam 's apple , and wore the unnatural smile of a shy man posing for a photograph .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and much of the fluid leaked out the sides of his mouth .
` ` sour apple petites .
rabbit 's adam 's apple bobbed convulsively in his throat .
a grubby boy gnawing on a shriveled apple stood beside her .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed heavily .
i grabbed the cinnamon bagel and the apple as we continued on our trek , munching on the apple first .
i grabbed the cinnamon bagel and the apple as we continued on our trek , munching on the apple first .
i tossed the core of the apple away , and nibbled at my bagel as i crossed to the adjoining door leading to my vaq 's room .
' if you have two apples here and two apples over there , how many do you have altogether ? '
' if you have two apples here and two apples over there , how many do you have altogether ? '
' four apples , of course , ' i replied quickly - too quickly , as it turned out .
two apples and two apples are four apples .
two apples and two apples are four apples .
two apples and two apples are four apples .
i more or less ignored those shrill cries of absolute terror and strutted - that 's the only word for it - over to one of the fruit - trees , selected a winter - shriveled apple on a lower limb , and pecked at the stem until it came free and fell onto the half frozen grass .
i practiced with the apple for a few moments until i could hold it firmly without sinking my talons into its flesh .
' he might not do anything , but queen ehlana would probably peel you like an apple .
when oscagne emerged from the tamul embassy , which was conveniently located in a building adjoining the palace , he was accompanied by an ancient - appearing tamul whose head was totally hairless and whose face was as wrinkled as the skin of a very old apple .
' we prefer to peel an enemy like an apple , ' kring said .
that 's hardly enough to keep zakath from peeling you like an apple . '
' when we first went to vo mimbre , the knight in charge of the palace gate did n't believe mandorallen when he introduced grandfather as belgarath the sorcerer , so grandfather took a twig from his horse 's tail and made an apple tree grow right there in the square in front of the palace .
it was also somewhat larger than an apple .
he says that there 's usually hail as well , and the hailstones can be as big as apples . ''
as clearly as if he were there , he saw the courtyard before king korodullin 's palace at vo mimbre and he saw the apple twig the old man had thrust down between two flagstones expand and reach up toward the old sorcerer 's hand as proof to the skeptical sir andorig that he was indeed who he said he was .
supper that evening consisted of thick steaks cut from a ham vella had provided them , a rich soup so thick that it hovered on the very edge of stew , large slabs of bread that had been warmed before the fire , and baked apples with honey and cinnamon .
errand sat in the leather - covered armchair opposite hers , nibbling on an apple and watching her as she sewed .
the little man was sprawled on a broken couch in one corner of the room , carefully peeling an apple with a small , sharp knife .
what appeared there glowed brightly and seemed at first no larger than an apple , but as it rose into the air , it expanded and grew brighter and brighter until it was almost as if she had conjured up a small sun to hang in the air before the idol , and that sun brought with it a summer - like warmth that burned away the deathly chill .
i brought some apples along , and horses love apples .
i brought some apples along , and horses love apples .
if you give a horse an apple , he 'll follow you for a day or so at least .
` ` if horses like apples , is n't it possible that they 'd like other sweet things as well ? ''
i do n't think your mate would have been very interested in somebody whose main purpose in life was picking apples or growing beans . ''
i would n't swear to it , but i think they use fruit or grain when they want to buy something - so many apples for a yard of wool and that sort of thing .
why are you picking all those little green apples ? '
if i do n't thin out the baby apples in the spring , there wo n't be any of them much bigger than acorns when they ripen .
and then one night after the apple trees had begun to bloom , a clap of thunder woke omago out of a sound sleep .
she nestled her pearl , which was about the size of an apple , against her cheek .
there was a pearl inside - pink , and a bit larger than an apple . ''
` ` the notion of picking trogite vessels like apples off a tree lights a warm little fire in my belly .
then she drew out something that was about the size of an apple .
moreover , in an excess of affection , ce'nedra babied him outrageously , slipping apples and bits of sweets to him whenever possible .
doroon was a small , wiry young man with a protruding adam 's apple and slightly bulging eyes .
` ` the man with the apple tree ? ''
` ` how 's your apple tree doing , andorig ? ''
belgarath made an apple tree grow up out of the stones of the courtyard , and that sort of convinced him . ''
it 's better than decorating a tree in my lord 's apple orchard back in arendia . ''
during garion 's absence , ce'nedra , with much coaxing and a lapful of apples from their stores , had seduced the little colt into a kind of ecstatic subservience .
` ` apples are good for horses , '' she replied airily .
` ` my brewer chops dried apples into his vats , '' the nadrak replied .
` ` apple , would n't you say , pol ? ''
the undisputed leader of the little foursome was the girl zubrette , a golden - haired charmer who invented their games , made up stories to tell them , and set them to stealing apples and plums from faldor 's orchard for her .
the fir boughs festooning the ceiling beams were somehow not as green , and the polished apples carefully tied to the boughs were smaller and not as red .
i turned it over and noticed the faint image of an apple with a bite out of it .
the enticing scents wafting down from the carts selling items like roasted apple puffs , vanilla - stick coffees , and flaming carrots were all the urging i needed to dig out five pence for our entrance to the street - lift .
in fact , he managed to steal the last piece of apple bread right out from under my hand .
i realized i 'd eaten two beef short ribs , a large pile of roasted parsnips and potatoes , a generous serving of greens ... and a piece of apple bread .
it whirred as the small wooden stick spun in place , a long peel like that of an apple falling away from the new point .
or a palm thrust to the adam 's apple .
` ` you 're comparing apples and oranges again , '' said peter , getting ready to launch into his politically correct explanation about how we have to spread out our resources and put the most qualified person in the most appropriate position .
they probably figured the apple did n't fall far from the tree .
dak looked at him just in time to see his adam 's apple visibly jump up and down .
when at last he reached the bottom , a narrow , muddy trail along the water 's edge , littlefinger was lazing against a rock and eating an apple .
` ` you are growing old and slow , stark , '' he said , flipping the apple casually into the rushing water .
never rode his mounts too hard , and brought them carrots and apples , so they were always pleased to see him . ''
` ` carrots and apples , '' ned repeated .
in the shadow of the wall , farmers stood beside their wagons , bellowing out , ` ` apples , the best apples , cheap at twice the price , '' and ` ` blood melons , sweet as honey , '' and ` ` turnips , onions , roots , here you go here , here you go , turnips , onions , roots , here you go here . ''
in the shadow of the wall , farmers stood beside their wagons , bellowing out , ` ` apples , the best apples , cheap at twice the price , '' and ` ` blood melons , sweet as honey , '' and ` ` turnips , onions , roots , here you go here , here you go , turnips , onions , roots , here you go here . ''
later came sweetbreads and pigeon pie and baked apples fragrant with cinnamon and lemon cakes frosted in sugar , but by then sansa was so stuffed that she could not manage more than two little lemon cakes , as much as she loved them .
if you prefer , my lord of lannister , i can arrange for you to ride up with the bread and beer and apples . ''
the apple of his throat bobbed anxiously beneath the loose maester 's chain .
` ` apple in its mouth , skin seared crisp .
before his killer could wrench free his blade , syrio jabbed him in the apple of his throat .
it usually had barley in it , and chunks of carrot and onion and turnip , and sometimes even apple , with a film of grease swimming on top .
once she was outside the city , she would find berries to pick , or orchards she might raid for apples and cherries .
in his saddlebag , he found a biscuit , a piece of cheese , and a small withered brown apple .
he kept the apple for last .
in the center of the square , aggo fed him a withered apple and dropped him in an instant with an axe blow between the eyes .
they cooked it with mushrooms and apples , and it tasted like triumph . ''
washed and unwashed alike supped on hot pork pies and baked apples .
quick as that , the black brother 's sword was pressed to the apple of the officer 's throat .
` ` neither 's the one you get , less you want me to see if your apple 's ripe yet .
the younger boys would be set to picking blackberries along the road , or climbing fences to fill a sack with apples if they happened upon an orchard .
` ` now cravens like you want hard coin for a bite of wormy apple . ''
` ` we 're out of oldtown , '' the captain called down , ` ` bearing apples and oranges , wines from the arbor , feathers from the summer isles .
there was black bread and honeycakes and oaten biscuits ; there were turnips and pease and beets , beans and squash and huge red onions ; there were baked apples and berry tarts and pears poached in strongwine .
as well catelyn spied the fox - and - flowers of house florent , fossoway apples red and green , lord tarly 's striding huntsman , oak leaves for oakheart , cranes for crane , a cloud of black - and - orange butterflies for the mullendores .
catelyn was assigned a place on the dais between red - faced lord mathis rowan and genial ser jon fossoway of the green - apple fossoways .
for the sweet , lord caswell 's servants brought down trays of pastries from his castle kitchens , cream swans and spun - sugar unicorns , lemon cakes in the shape of roses , spiced honey biscuits and blackberry tarts , apple crisps and wheels of buttery cheese .
the axe scratched at the apple of pycelle 's throat and stroked the soft wobbly skin under his jaw , scraping away the last hairs .
` ` this is valyrian steel , '' he said when the link of dark grey metal lay against the apple of his throat .
` ` those big brown animals that love apples , i ' m sure you ' ve seen them .
once he tried to slip her a hot apple tart , but he made such a clumsy job of it that two of the cooks saw .
they flew the red or green apples of house fossoway , the turtle of estermont , and the fox - and - flowers of florent , and their commander was ser guyard morrigen , a famous southron knight who men now called guyard the green .
` ` and see my garron has an apple when you 're home .
they started with a creamy chestnut soup , crusty hot bread , and greens dressed with apples and pine nuts .
she asked anxiously as she speared a bit of apple on the point of her dagger and ate it with small , delicate bites .
after the broth came a salad of apples , nuts , and raisins .
the last course was goat cheese served with baked apples .
next came four of lesser birth who had distinguished themselves in the fighting : the one - eyed knight ser philip foote , who had slain lord bryce caron in single combat ; the freerider lothor brune , who 'd cut his way through half a hundred fossoway men - at - arms to capture ser jon of the green apple and kill ser bryan and ser edwyd of the red , thereby winning himself the name lothor apple - eater ; willit , a grizzled man - atarms in the service of ser harys swyft , who 'd pulled his master from beneath his dying horse and defended him against a dozen attackers ; and a downy - cheeked squire named josmyn peckledon , who had killed two knights , wounded a third , and captured two more , though he could not have been more than fourteen .
next came four of lesser birth who had distinguished themselves in the fighting : the one - eyed knight ser philip foote , who had slain lord bryce caron in single combat ; the freerider lothor brune , who 'd cut his way through half a hundred fossoway men - at - arms to capture ser jon of the green apple and kill ser bryan and ser edwyd of the red , thereby winning himself the name lothor apple - eater ; willit , a grizzled man - atarms in the service of ser harys swyft , who 'd pulled his master from beneath his dying horse and defended him against a dozen attackers ; and a downy - cheeked squire named josmyn peckledon , who had killed two knights , wounded a third , and captured two more , though he could not have been more than fourteen .
meera unearthed a crock of honey and a big sack of apples .
she ended it with valar morghulis , touched jaqen 's coin where it nestled under her belt , and then reached up and plucked an apple from among the dead men as she rode beneath them .
tom had chased them around the yard afterward , until all three were red as autumn apples .
stables and other outbuildings surrounded it , and there was an arbor in back , and apple trees , a small garden .
they had ale and dried apples and some stale barley bread , and the outlaws had a goose that anguy had brought down on the ride , so supper that night was almost a feast .
his nose looked like a squashed apple , red and raw and swollen , and his mood was foul .
the meal was plain but filling ; mutton and mushrooms , brown bread , pease pudding , and baked apples with yellow cheese .
the rebellious slaves had been peeled like a man might peel an apple , in a long curling strip .
` ` apples , '' said garth of greenaway .
` ` barrels and barrels of crisp autumn apples .
there are apple trees out there , i saw 'em . ''
we had a dozen milk cows and a bull , a hundred beehives , a vineyard and an apple arbor .
one was growing up through the common room , where a layer of wet brown leaves and rotting apples carpeted the floor .
meera stabbed a few apples with her frog spear , trying to find some still good enough to eat , but they were all too brown and wormy .
` ` a village , an inn , a stout holdfast in the lake , all these apple trees ... but where are the people , bran ?
maybe we should have stayed at the inn , under the apple tree , he thought , but by then it was too late .
the smell of rotten apples and wet leaves almost drowned the scent of man , but it was there .
my trees , they said , you ca n't eat them apples .
` ` harma and the bag of bones do n't come raiding for fish and apples .
a rotten apple squished beneath his heel .
a dark - eyed serving wench brought him cheese and apples , but the innkeep had refused his coin .
did he tell them the kingslayer once drank his ale and ate his cheese and apples , or was he ashamed to admit he fed the likes of me ?
the road had been running mostly northwest , but now it turned due west between an apple orchard and a field of drowned corn beaten down by the rain .
it was stuffed at the bottom of a sack of dried apples , in the back of the wayn behind the pickled pigs ' feet .
the nuts were pine nuts , and besides the raisins there were bits of dried apple .
tyrion listened with half a ear , as he sampled sweetcorn fritters and hot oatbread baked with bits of date , apple , and orange , and gnawed on the rib of a wild boar .
the gate of the gods was open when they reached it , but two dozen wayns were lined up along the roadside , loaded with casks of cider , barrels of apples , bales of hay , and some of the biggest pumpkins jaime had ever seen .
a serving man brought porridge and apples to break his fast , with a horn of ale .
there were apples and pears and pomegranates , some sad - looking grapes , a huge blood orange .
` ` i can bake apples and boil beef as well as any man , and i ' ve roasted many a duck over a campfire .
munda , me little autumn apple .
if the hound had not been moving , the knife might have cored the apple of his throat ; instead it only grazed his ribs , and wound up quivering in the wall near the door .
the gout had swollen and reddened his joints grotesquely ; his left knee was an apple , his right a melon , and his toes had turned to dark red grapes , so ripe it seemed as though a touch would burst them .
returning to the road , brienne headed north and east past apple orchards and fields of barley , and soon left the village and its castle well behind .
she saw red and green apples , a shield that bore the three thunderbolts of leygood , horse trappings patterned with the ants of ambrose .
she laid the point of her sword on the apple of his throat .
he brought apples and carrots for her horses , and a blue silk plume for her helm .
` ` the boy needs a bit of seasoning , that 's all , '' his father had told lord redwyne that night , but redwyne 's fool rattled his rattle and replied , ` ` aye , a pinch of pepper , a few nice cloves , and an apple in his mouth . ''
thereafter , lord randyll forbade sam to eat apples so long as they remained beneath paxter redwyne 's roof .
the apple in the maester 's throat moved up and down as he swallowed .
hunter 's cheeks and nose were red as apples , which bespoke a certain fondness for the grape .
there were still cows and sheep to be seen near the city ; apples on the trees and berries in the brush , stands of barleycorn and oats and winter wheat , wayns and oxcarts on the road .
` ` it was not me , my lady , '' he said in a sulky sullen tone , like a child caught stealing apple cakes from the kitchen .
` ` bring bread and cheese , a meat pie and some apples .
he was a weed in wool , with no chin to speak of , a flaw that the prominence of the apple in his throat made even more absurd .
` ` this war ... '' lord emmon cleared his throat , the apple in his throat moving up and down .
she wrapped a wedge of cheese , a heel of bread , a dried apple , and two chunks of flaky fried cod in a square of cloth .
when he swallowed , the apple in his throat moved up and down .
afterward they had baked apples with a sharp white cheese .
if ser gerold had been the worm in the apple , why would he have turned his sword upon myrcella ?
colemon blinked at her , and the apple in his throat moved up and down .
when i blush i look quite like an apple .
she had narrow hips , br**sts the size of apples , a mop of chestnut curls , and the soft brown eyes of a doe .
perhaps the villagers had forgotten something when they fled ... a sack of apples , some dried meat , anything to keep him alive until thistle returned .
` ` very good , m'lord , only hobb 's made boiled eggs , black sausage , and apples stewed with prunes .
the apples stewed with prunes are excellent , except for the prunes .
and the volantene apple had rolled a fair distance from the valyrian tree .
a man was selling apples from a barrow , and a woman was offering herring with chopped onions .
davos stopped beneath the colonnade and traded a halfpenny for an apple .
he asked the apple seller .
he took a bite of the apple and felt guilty about that as well .
the apple seller shrugged .
the apple was dry and mealy , but davos made himself take another bite .
` ` well , '' said the apple seller , ` ` the next time his lordship comes down here hunkering for an apple , i 'll be sure and ask him . ''
` ` well , '' said the apple seller , ` ` the next time his lordship comes down here hunkering for an apple , i 'll be sure and ask him . ''
a bad apple , but it was worth half a penny to learn that manderly is raising men .
elsewhere were casks of apples and pears , dried peas , dried figs , bags of walnuts , bags of chestnuts , bags of almonds , planks of dry smoked salmon , clay jars packed with olives in oil and sealed with wax .
they 'd brought slabs of hard salt beef , dried cod , dried beans , turnips , carrots , sacks of barley meal and wheaten flour , pickled eggs , barrels of onions and apples .
` ` you can have an onion or an apple , '' jon heard hairy hal tell one woman , ` ` but not both .
he 's sick , but an apple will set him right . ''
` ` he has to come get his own apple .
now , is it an apple or an onion ?
` ` an apple , '' she said , and he gave her one , an old dried thing , small and withered .
` ` another apple , '' she said to hairy hal .
they would be out of apples soon enough .
the woman staggered , lost her apple , and fell .
an apple or an onion ?
by the time the last withered apple had been handed out , the wagons were crowded with wildlings , and they were sixty - three stronger than when the column had set out from castle black that morning .
a porter trotted at their heels , pushing a wheelbarrow heaped high with provisions : salt and flour , fresh - churned butter , slabs of bacon wrapped in linen , sacks of oranges , apples , and pears .
makes me a sort o ' brown apple fossoway , the way i see it . ''
some of the men shared a skin of galbart glover 's apple wine , passing it from hand to hand .
` ` i ' m no maester , mind you , but i know you got to keep the bad apples from the good . ''
` ` these are not apples , ben , '' said dany .
beneath the burned tower , he passed rickard ryswell nuzzling at the neck of another one of abel 's washerwomen , the plump one with the apple cheeks and pug nose .
as a half - moon crept up the sky , they staked their horses out in the village commons and supped on salted mutton , dried apples , and hard cheese .
` ` if you happen to pass down lake boulevard , do bring me back some sour apple petites , wo n't you ? ''
he paused , and levana saw the strain of his adam 's apple in his throat .
from here , levana could see intricate apple blossoms embroidered around the edges of one of the blankets , and it surprised her to think that , no matter how many times she had slipped into evret 's bed , she had never noticed those designs .
under that blanket ... the one with the apple blossoms .
his pockets seemed to always be full of those sour apple candies the princess was so fond of .
i ' ve only eaten half an apple since my encounter with the strange government agent last night .
his breath smells like apples .
after that , razor appears , looking as if someone shoved an apple under the skin that covered his cheek .
pears and peaches and apples did not grow well in martinique ; and most of the fields were given over to sugar cane .
the scent of apples softened the harsh spirits .
the white lace at his collar and cuffs accentuated his prominent adam 's apple , his bony wrists and skeletal hands .
marie - josephe picked up an apple and let it drop to the carpet , picked it up , dropped it again .
his majesty might command this apple , defy nature 's law , do not fall !
she took a bite of the apple .
` ` how do you like them apples , you piece of shit ? ''
ben 's sent me to pick him some swamp apples and he 's made me take manchee with me , even tho we all know cillian only bought him to stay on mayor prentiss 's good side and so suddenly here 's this brand new dog as a present for my birthday last year when i never said i wanted any dog , that what i said i wanted was for cillian to finally fix the fissionbike so i would n't have to walk every forsaken place in this stupid town , but oh , no , happy birthday , todd , here 's a brand new puppy , todd , and even tho you do n't want him , even tho you never asked for him , guess who has to feed him and train him and wash him and take him for walks and listen to him jabber now he 's got old enough for the talking germ to set his mouth moving ?
we do n't need apples from the swamp , truth to tell .
also true : going to the swamp to pick a few apples is not a job for a man cuz men are never allowed to be so idle .
the plans are being planned , the preparayshuns prepared , it will be a party , i guess , tho i ' m starting to get some strange pictures about it , all dark and too bright at the same time , but nevertheless i will become a man and picking apples in the swamp is not a job for a man or even an almost - man .
the main bunch of apple trees are a little ways into the swamp , down a few paths and over a fallen log that manchee always needs help over .
i keep a wide distance from them and go into the little grove of wild apple trees .
the apples are ripe , nearly black , almost edible , as cillian would say .
i take out the plastic bag i ' ve got folded in my back pocket and start filling it with apples .
` ` i was in the swamp getting apples for ben , '' i say .
` ` ben wanted apples so i was getting him some ruddy apples ! ''
` ` ben wanted apples so i was getting him some ruddy apples ! ''
` ` and where might these apples be then ? ''
and of course i ' m not holding any apples , am i ?
and ben 's noise is saying apples and cillian and yer getting so big and cillian again and itch in the crack of my arm and apples and dinner and gosh , it 's warm out and it 's all so smooth and non - grasping it 's like laying down in a brook on a hot day .
and ben 's noise is saying apples and cillian and yer getting so big and cillian again and itch in the crack of my arm and apples and dinner and gosh , it 's warm out and it 's all so smooth and non - grasping it 's like laying down in a brook on a hot day .
` ` left the apples at the house , didja ? ''
this morning after i gave her an apple to eat , she clipped her teeth thru my hair once , like i was just another horse .
hatched right in the middle of my brain , like a worm in an apple .
from the time i could stand , i worked with her in our orchards , picking apples and crested pine and roisin fruit . ''
i ' ve taken to hanging round her stables at the end of the day , taken to unsaddling her myself and brushing her mane and bringing her apples to eat .
i do n't say nothing , just take the apple i been saving outta my pocket .
` ` apple , '' i whisper to angharrad , my head close to hers .
` ` yer a cool customer these days , '' davy says , voice scornful , ignoring deadfall , who 's wanting an apple , too .
{ viola } girl colt , acorn greets me as i give him an apple i stole from the food tent .
wilf , acorn says , nudging in my pockets for another apple .
offer her an apple and she 'll take the tree . ''
i get up after a minute and go over to angharrad , tethered with juliet 's joy by my own tent , eating her heart 's delight of hay and apples .
toussaint charbonneau sat atop a barrel on the dock , casually eating an apple , while professeur loaded the canoe under langevin 's supervision .
around noon they stopped long enough to eat jerky and a handful of dried apples , but they did n't cook again until supper .
one day an apple , one day some flowers .
please joel , tell me you need and want me as much as i want you i watched his adams apple bounce up and down as he swallowed hard .
soon they crossed the village - pub , the windmill , the village signpost , and were now walking by cherry and apple orchards .
i am almost starving jack said , eyeing the ripe apples would you kindly allow me to eat a few apples ?
i am almost starving jack said , eyeing the ripe apples would you kindly allow me to eat a few apples ?
devil sneered , ill love to see you munching those apples and cherries and this tasty fruitcake too !
only a few apples , sir jack pleaded , please sir .
devil roared , you wait , ill climb the tree and fetch you some apples .
devil grasped the trunk , climbed up fast , and started plucking apples .
devil pleaded , ill give you the finest , juicy , ripe apples .
set you free in return for a few apples ?
he plucked two apples , and displaying them to the devil , he took a large bite .
jack concentrated on the apples , oblivious to devils struggle .
but i did reciprocate by allowing you to eat apples ; did nt i ?
you had used your crucifix smartly with the transformed coin , and during the apple tree incident '' devil said .
there a table in front of them with heaps of grapes , strawberries , apples , cherries and other fruits placed on golden plates .
stacys grandmother was rolling a second pan of apple squares and emily was working on chocolate chip cookie bars and some with maraschino cherries that stacy particularly liked .
colton picked up two apples and inspected them for bruises .
colton handed him a dollar and took the two apples .
come back soon , i 'll have better apples . ''
the apples he purchased were rapidly shrinking , turning brown as if some invisible flame were cooking them in his palm .
a can of sliced peaches was useless , but a fresh peach from mr . laretti worked just as well as the apple .
he was starting to think he had destroyed the apple for nothing .
he turned it over - it was an apple .
he had always been so careful after buying the apples from the produce stand .
alistair nodded toward the apple .
he watched the apple slowly wither and die in his palm , shrinking into nothing more than a blackened core .
colton dropped the shrunken apple and set his hand on reece 's shoulder .
` ` like the apple . ''
colton did n't want to tell bernam that he could hold on to the energy from an apple for half an hour , if not longer .
he felt warmth - the same warmth he had felt when he took life from the apple .
you can shrink apples and for some reason - i ca n't figure out why-'just ' shelly likes you more than she likes me .
colton was disappointed - he had been able to contain the life energy of an apple for half an hour .
making a snap decision to get the hell out of there , i grab a cinnamon apple fruit bar from the pantry closet and head for the back door .
not when his hair smells of the candy apples from the concession stand , both sweet and addictive .
who can resist candy apples ?
on her desk , she has a tray full of sliced apples , carrots , and cauliflower with some kind of a dip in the middle .
she talls six feet and one inch of bronze beauty with big doe brown pupils , pink apple round cheeks and full pink lips , wearing the nosily golden bracelets on her left wrist up to the elbow with gold chocking her esophagus and straining her earlobes .
panther / rusk neck snaps his skull to the east sidelines , understanding one of the many judges chosen by director hico and dangerously comprehends his situation then criss - crosses his twin blades at the adams apple , seeing bee mask and body roll separately around on the floor .
hico sees tick at the door archway , viewing the visual signal of ticks index finger cutting across his adams apple then hico begins in tenor saxophone , staring at her .
hico visual signals to tick with his index finger , cutting horizontally across his adams apple as tick forcefully pushes each wooden stool from a pair of bare feet , hearing the subtle snap of neck bones from each person , then the soft grunts of suffering , then gasps of last final breathes before each soul ascends into heaven .
nothing out there but broken buildings overgrown with patches of wildflowers , batches of vine fruitstrawberries , blue berries , fallen apples , and tree limbs , dozens of hiding spots for snakes , squirrels , rabbits .
rusk kneecaps his body onto the wet grass , applying a handful batch of wet moist green fresh leaves to the wound aching across the nape of the neck to the front of his adams apple , panting heavy and groaning painfully .
we left etta literally riding that other cowboy what s his namemccamy with her razors cutting his adams apple .
she canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens .
hixson whispers softly into bumblebees eardrum using the flash blade to cut the adams apple in silence as bumblebee gasps his last breathe of life , falling to the ground .
he slowly trots to his name as i gently rub his black forehead and magically produce a red apple .
i push my plate aside with the disgusting food and munch an apple while ignoring the annoying little voice inside my head .
then , the elderly lady of blonde hair with tiny touches of gray color at her temple and soft pale skin with pink apple cheeks sits upright at her waist .
i do not , chewing my apple slices .
i toss the apple core in the litter basket .
i grab the apple and munch hungrily as bot lands on the smooth stone .
i princessly command , stuffing my face with the sweet apple meat as the juice rolls down my lips .
i present my closed fist then open with a bright red apple to his muzzle .
i swing my face and smile at doe , producing a second bright red apple in my left hand .
when we passed the apple tree , during our brisk stroll i performed a t - probe on bartholomews open carefree mind for fun , learning the surprise .
doe eats the apple , stomping her front hoofs for more food as i magically produce a new apple in right palm .
doe eats the apple , stomping her front hoofs for more food as i magically produce a new apple in right palm .
baron leans his beautiful body into my space at five feet , and ten inches , weighing in at 180 pounds with jet black hair of spiked patches of gray along with his adorable matching eyelashes and aristocratic nose , square jaw and apple rosy cheekbones .
i prettily glide about an inch and one - half in my floor - length poufy pink gown around the numerous piles of old horse dookie , new camel spit , and lots of half - eaten red candy apple balls with a touch of t - kick with telekinesis .
i gently smooth with both hands my new gray sundress down the sides from my waist to my kneecaps then comb through my long hair and press my apple cheeks for a rosy ting .
i produce a single apple in my right palm .
boe swiftly grabs with his teeth and tongue , chewing as the apple juices lands on my hand and hay floor .
then , i open my left palm , showing another stolen single apple from apple - tree during my walk .
then , i open my left palm , showing another stolen single apple from apple - tree during my walk .
i wiggle it over my curls , down my breast around my waist and then it stops at my hips , puff my wild curly hair and pinch my apple cheekbones for some pinky tones among the golden freckles .
i quickly whack his adams apple with a cool karate chop cutting off his laughing air as he grabs his throat , and tumbles into the other guard that blocks the remaining steps .
i repeat , popping the lid and consuming the yummy green apple sugary flavor upon my pink tongue and my invisible taste buddies .
i drink more of the green apple flavored sugary watery drink then lick funny my sweet lips of the sugary residue and grin and giggle .
bot elegantly floats in the air with a food tray containing a four - squared and cut white bread with smelly tuna fish along with apple fruit slices , a big cloth napkin , an empty tall glass with new ice chips and a cold wet sweaty sugary sweet bottle of blood red fiss .
i word then dive into the tasty apple and walnut fruit salad .
i see the food items have been served and huge trays of vegetables and fruits line the walls of the banquet room as citizens eat , drink , and merrily chat before i appear as i pray for them to toss only the rotten apples at me and my dress .
airy flip flops exposes his bare toes and feet while straight brown hair falls over his eyeballs onto his thin shoulder blades , covering half of his peachy - skin ton that sprinkles with light tan freckles across his aristocratic nose along with thin pink lips while his throat decorates along the adams apple with a combo gold and silver chained choker like a motorcycle biker .
her top and bottom lip paints wine - color that matches her finger nails and toenails around the strappy designer high - heeled sandals while apple cheeks crease in rose - color and eyebrows dust in gold , blue , and green shimmery powder that enhance her light brown eyeballs that flecks sometimes with the proper light in golden flakes .
he produces an apple then muzzles its mouth as the horse grabs and chews the fruit while horse juice drools from its lips then argus continues .
argus gently pats the colored horse with the buckskin pattern on the forehead , produces another apple for horses teeth and tongue then he clicks like a hen chicken as the horse nods his skull up and down with visual thank you .
born the first boy scout ... . dallas dumps , crunching into the apple .
good , we gots a plan he crunches on the apple , and satisfies with his new idea .
he finishes the delicious red apple .
every time tina looks into the mirror she sees a female face that counts of 100 angel years old but physical appears like an earth age of seventeen with a round face , apple cheeks , pink lips , naturally wavy waist - length strawberry - blonde hair , and ghostly mint green eyes on a peachy - pale complexion at five feet and eleven and a half inches , just shine of six feet on her thin frame .
bo snorts with amusement that these weak - minded humans will never learn as he shakes his skull side to side at the danger then neck snap his skull to tinas sad face , watching carefully tina and tinas wet shiny tears flow down her cute apple cheekbones , and seeing her move closer to the motorcycle .
i like apples best .
it seems bad apple rotten luck befalls upon the both of us .
destroyer - angels are raised differently from usbad rotten apple fallen - angels .
he s my firstborn ... the apple of my eye .
i tenderly lay my food spread across my placemat consisting of home - made bake whole wheat bread , fresh - from - the - farm smoked turkey slices , numerous organic lettuce shreds , organic fresh green and red diced tomatoes , crushed and blended mustard seeds , an organic apple , many sunflower seeds and earths spring water .
the apple of mamas eyeball , instead of the black eye socketme .
edgar identifies with me as i nod my skull , once , biting into the apple and feel the similar intense emotions and feelings .
i watch the tiny seeds fall using earth gravity towards edgar while he tilts in slo mo his skull backwards from the table then opens his mouth as the yellow seeds tumble perfectly against his pink lips and pink tongue , closing his mouth the drops his jaw and eye burns me , chewing vigorously as i finish chewing the apple , looking and listening .
edgar proposes as i nod my skull , once in silence , swallowing the apple bite .
the east wall in the living room of paisleys holds up the yellow granite fireplace minus the red and blue hot flames of fire while the north wall prettily pictures a set of light brown furniture of with red apples , green pears , and orange peaches of fabric .
guess.you not be the apple of moms eyeballanymorehuh , big brother .
crimson tail descends like a dropped red apple to me then i visually cringe with fear then slowly pull my sword from leather pouch .
argus helps by slicing the whole apples into wedges and questions .
drake dices the apple into small parts and comments .
drake confirms while slicing the second apple with his back to argus .
drake slams the steel into the apple cleaving it in half then words .
argus lands out the banana rounds around the apples slices .
drake confesses as he arranges the apple slices on the plate .
drake stops chopping the apple and stares at the backsplash upon the kitchen tiles , talking .
he holds the wet apple juicy hand out to argus and smiles .
he decorates his adams apple with a combo collar of a gold and silver chained choker like a motorcycle biker .
it was almost like they felt she was nt good enough to be therelike somehow her presence would taint the rest of the sevenths like a bad apple .
she held her right hand out in front of her , and above her palm a glowing red sphere hovered like an apple suspended by invisible strings .
` ` oh , good , you 're decently dressed , '' aunt theresa greeted me ten minutes later when i entered the kitchen , where she was cutting up mounds of peeled apples for applesauce .
there is a basket of what were probably once red apples , but they are now a light shade of orange mixed with black and are all shrivelled up .
the skin is missing on one side of it , revealing the insides of the apple , coloured a dark shade of grey .
next to the apples is a crate of bananas , however there is not a single patch of yellow amongst them , each piece of the fruit is brown all over and bruno pokes one with the end of his newly received gun and it sinks into the banana , revealing a liquid - like substance inside and also allowing a foul smell to escape from inside it .
this apples got ta a razor blade stuck in it , drew complained , tossing it aside .
apple blossom lane , hoyt mumbled under his breath .
runyon guessed whatever he had in his glass was nt apple juice .
baird pulled four apples out of the a - blood fridge and passed them around .
grettel joined in the hug from behind and held on tight to both girls , while making sure not to smear any of the apples juice from her hand onto them .
stands breath caught behind his adams apple when she lifted her chin and gave him a genuine , no - holds - barred smile .
he was a tall , thin man with slicked - back hair and a thick adams apple that bobbed up and down when he spoke .
electra was no less excited about her chocolate castle with towers , a drawbridge , and trees with tiny caramel apples .
sarah finished off more cheese , bread , and meat than she was sure she had ever eaten , before sitting back in her chair and sipping at cinnamon - spiced apple juice .
now just settle down and put out some fresh apples .
i stepped out of my candy apple green volkswagen rabbit that matched my freakster eyes and moved to put the top back on .
you re just acting all adam and falling into my eve temptation trap so you can follow me into sin and take a bite out of my apple .
the ribbon was candy apple green .
i shoved a slice of the red crisp apple slices into my mouth and sadly , i did nt hide my reaction to the sweet taste .
there was nt much , some dry bread and an apple core and some popcorn in a plastic baggie .
he divided it up as well as he could , setting aside part of the apple core and some of the popcorn for later .
have some of the apple core if you re hungry .
no , i do nt feel like apples she said sadly .
he put anything that might spoil soon on one side , like the apple core and a small bunch of grapes .
is it okay if i eat that apple core ?
torus got the apple out of the nook and handed it to his father , who broke it in half .
torus did nt know what to make of that statement , so he finished the rest of his apple in silence .
he finished his peanut , then he and his father shared an apple and some wilted salad from the night before .
i found orange juice , apple juice , and cranberry juice cocktail ( the name brands !
behind it , prohibited from crossing , stands all the crew and the camera equipment as well as a service table stocked with doughnuts , bagels , apples , oranges , and a dark sketchy looking meat that really could be anything .
mice squeaked and squealed , none too happy to be interrupted from their feast of chicken bones , orange peels , and apple cores that littered the ground .
peel them an apple and poison them with it ?
she had that fresh fruity smell of apples and freesia that told natalie she had just finished her morning beauty routine .
i m sure the apple i ate wo nt upset the world ecology .
i pass one farmhouse where there are no cars in the driveway , and i snatch some tomatoes from the garden in their yard to eat like apples as i walk .
in the kitchen i take the basics : bread , a water bottle , a can of peanuts , a package of deli meat , three apples , some granola bars .
got nothing cold , and the meats gone bad on account of the power goin out , but if you want some pie , i got a couple slices of apple left .
i glanced over at astraea who was staring at me with such innocence despite the apple green color of her eyes .
it was she who sent the snake to the mortal world to influence adam and eve to take a bite of the apple .
the familiar fragrance of apple pie wafts up around me .
gram smelled like apple pie .
chuckling , she draws me close , and i smell the tangy scent of apple pie on her robes again .
the taste of her pies coats my soul 's tongue with longing for one bite of apple sweetness .
his hands clench and unclench as his adams apple bobs up and down .
contents call me perchance to dream the apple princess of nodlon bread and circuses biots jack and jazz nimrod east of eden the black dwarf gumshoe zodiac the sign of the capricorn witches brew jazz calls evan labe a suicide pact the blue lights of nodlon blueberry lake stop before we run out of biots caf des moulin new gem tipping your hand the world inside shotguns findings hot pursuit why dwarves ?
once in a while he barked , but they both knew she was the apple of his eye .
thornmockers creation was fantastic for those enjoying the fruit of the apple .
they re apple flavored .
i , uh , his adams apple rocked up and down , and he hung his head .
julie was a teacher who helped her through grade school , samantha a hairstylist that showed lyssa how to do hair and make - up , rebecca a chef that now has her own restaurant in new york told her all things are possible if you want them and gave her one recipe on how to make wicked good apple turnovers .
toby and craig stood under her as they took full baskets of apples from her .
lizzi was fast at picking and began to reach for an apple just barely out of her reach .
i think we have enough apples to keep a hundred fae busy .
lizzi picked up a basket and tromped through the row of apple trees .
toby looked at craig who leaned against the apple tree and bit into the apple he had in his hand .
toby looked at craig who leaned against the apple tree and bit into the apple he had in his hand .
he turned to craig who had finished the apple and threw the core over his shoulder .
craig said as he stomped past her and kicked the next basket full of apples with his foot causing them to fall over .
toby led her to the orchard where lizzi picked apples .
toby went under one of the umbrella like apple trees .
the ground was littered with fallen apples that were either half rotting or bug eaten .
the air around it still smelled sweet with the remaining apples on them .
apples , plums and even a few grape vines graced the open land surrounded by the forest in the distance .
lyssa stopped and picked an apple from a tree .
they would always go in the fall to an orchard where you picked your own apples .
well , the apples wo nt pick themselves .
wes said just as several large , dark shadows dropped overhead and landed like rotten apples scattered beside them .
lizzi stepped out from under the apple tree and stood in front of toby .
all i could see was the white ceiling and then ian standing over me eating an apple .
there is the possibility of a portal room in one of the vaults and ian , gabe pointed back at ian as he sat in the chair eating another apple .
perhaps you could bring me a bunch of apples ?
why ca nt he have apples ?
i asked , feeling like i would climb a tree if i had to , just to bring my new friend the apples he craved .
its not that he ca nt have apples .
i promise i will get you some apples .
grass , green as an apple - flavored jolly rancher , carpeted lush fields dotted with grazing sheep that looked like distant cotton balls .
rotten meat or rotten apples ?
did it smell like rotten meat or rotten apples ?
i guess it was more like rotten apples or moldy leaves .
a small sloop stocked with a variety of apples , teeming with flies .
she balanced a bruised apple in her palm .
the old bag threw an apple at them .
i make my own waffle , grab an apple , a glass of milk , and walk their direction .
i got three apple cobblers to get to the churchs bake sale .
i press on the icon that looks like an apple .
remembering the delicious desserts shed always made , i pictured a lovely slice of chocolate cake or a warm slice of apple pie .
just grab a power bar and an apple .
i watched everyone walk out the door to the garage , then i went to the refrigerator and grabbed a small red apple and a tiny cheese stick .
maybe i could buy something at school to supplement the apple and cheese stick .
i found an empty table and sat in a chair before pulling out my apple and cheese stick .
i took a bite of my apple and just as my mouth was completely full , a girl walk up to my table .
i shook my head , not able to speak as i tried to quickly chew and swallow the bite of apple .
she rattled off her schedule and i pretended to listen as i kept eating my apple .
anne had already set out her lunch : an apple and a power bar .
feeling a little guilty that my meal was nt quite as meager as annes , i nevertheless set out the goods : half a sandwich , an apple , and a baggie with three of my homemade cookies .
i picked up my apple and took a bite .
the whole time , hal 's face never turned a shade of red lighter than that of an apple .
there was the taste , the scents , the slight hints of milk , apple , depending on where your let your mouth , your tongue , roam .
well , i must remember not to bring you apples , then .
they searched for the diamond in some apples and some chicken and something that looked like it had started its life as green beans but had devolved since then .
i just grabbed a couple of apples and some chips .
she raised one of the green apples to show it to me .
you might want to think things over , too , while you re unpacking the hot apple pies and prepping the milk shake machine .
now that i think about it , they do look very similar , one man said , taking a bite of his apple , one arm hung over his knee .
she picked up a renegade apple and took a bite .
delicious , she commented , looking at the apple endearingly while placing her other hand behind her , on top of a random carving knife she 'd placed there this morning .
a cold stare pierced her eyes as she took another slow , cautious bite into the apple .
harlow placed the apple back onto the table she leaned against , earning a disgusted look from the king before her .
king wesley moved his eyes , from her to the apple to her once again .
the plank found itself pressed hard against his adam 's apple .
i peek over and see him physically forcing the words down his throat as his adams apple bobs .
slowly i came to my feet , apples spilling out from a burned hole in the grocery bag ; thankfully the contents seemed just fine .
ohh , she cooed , apples !
burnt appleshow do apples burn like this exactly ?
fern set the apples in the sink and began to rinse them .
she smiled and returned to washing apples .
she held out her hand , revealing a red apple on her palm .
then she took a couple of bites of the apple and spit them onto her palm .
her breath smelled sweet , like apples .
a teenage boy threw a rotting apple toward the soldier at the end of the platform , hitting the soldier on the shoulder .
the teenager pulled out another rotting apple , raised his arm , and the soldier jumped , knocking the boy to the ground .
opening the bag , rema found an apple , a small water skin , and some meat wrapped in bread .
shed traded me her twinkie for my apple with the line , i do nt think you should eat the apple , snow white .
shed traded me her twinkie for my apple with the line , i do nt think you should eat the apple , snow white .
there were several castings of the seven dwarves , the wicked queen , the prince , and even an apple , but no snow white .
my refrigerator held soy yogurt , apples , raw almonds , and orange juice , and i had some whole - wheat pasta and tomato sauce in the pantry , but that was about it .
then christopher turned a corner and houses disappeared , making way for stores including a 7 - 11 , a liquor store , and what i guessed was a grocery store called the apple store .
i moved a loaf of bread and a mustard yellow bowl filled with red apples .
when she reached the edge of the meadow she reached up and plucked a red apple from an apple tree on the fringe .
when she reached the edge of the meadow she reached up and plucked a red apple from an apple tree on the fringe .
in the story of snow white , the wicked witch gave the girl an apple .
did she intend to offer me the apple ?
maybe i should eat the apple , i thought .
i would eat the apple .
reaching up , i plucked a large apple from one of the branches .
rubbing the apple skin on my sleeve out of habit , i scanned it for bruises or wormholes and , seeing it was unspoiled , took a bite .
these apples are some of the best in sharra .
she indicated the apple i dropped .
beyond the apple trees are peaches , plums , and pears .
at the reminder of the apple i sampled while there , my mouth watered .
the first contained a watch with a red band , the face shaped like an apple .
daniel gave me apples , which i thought was hilarious , but the guys grumbled was lame .
like eve with the apple , i was tempted .
it smells of fresh clover , alfalfa , and braeburn apples .
i sucked in my breath , dropping the apple .
he 'd brought us items that we had n't seen in a long time ; apples , oranges , fresh baked bread , cheese and milk .
they had desserts of all kinds , including one of my favorites , caramel apples .
my eardrums hear nothing but ranns steady breathe into a right eardrum and air swishes against my smiling apple cheekbones .
i m starra starbuck , five feet , one inch , weighs 95 pounds , one ounce with waist - length silver wavy hair , a triangle face , small gray pupils , a button nose , two apple cheekbones , and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin .
the pirate shoves the maser into the adams apple of dirks throat .
i dive into the food with teeth and tongue while cramming crackers and bites of apple between my lips .
i trace with eyeballs an outline of a triangular face , a pointy nose , a cleft chin , two almond - shaped eye sockets , a forehead and two apple cheek bones .
she stole an apple from one of the food vendor carts at the market , the guard says .
this is the child , who stole an apple from my food cart , king dirk , the food cart vendor male slowly and softly words in baritone trombone while bobbing a skull up and down .
i sentence you to two days on the planet of sahara for stealing an apple , king dirk decrees in tenor saxophone as the audience moans , softly .
you ca nt convict a little kid stealing an apple .
she stole an apple .
the child has stolen the apple and the vendor is the witness .
the kid deserves the apple .
i decree you , countess starra replace both the young mother and the young daughter for her crime of stealing the apple .
she s eating an apple and she has to raise the back of her hand up to her mouth to stop a piece falling out .
she giggles again , takes another firm bite of her apple .
she remembers , as he does , the state fairs they went to , picking apples , going fly fishing .
he smiled at the site of a stack of packets of instant apple cider mix .
he grabbed a cup , opened a pack and poured it in , then with the addition of hot water he had apple cider on demand .
latching the processor on the tag link , she then reached around and wrapped the collar around barks neck , so that the processor was dangling right in front of his adams apple .
samuel came limping out minutes later , already biting into his apple .
it was full of fresh fruit ; bananas , pears , apples , and grapes .
all that was left was a single apple .
i pulled out the apple and held it up .
i have brought you this delicious juicy apple .
what do i want with an apple ?
i at least wanted to make sure she enjoyed the apple , even if it was such a diminutive gift for my step - daughter .
i smiled encouragingly as she placed the apple to her ruby red lips .
as she did , the bite of apple must have caught in her throat .
snow started choking , dropping the apple so her hands could indicate her throat was blocked .
it was only an apple , how could she have choked on it ?
a little piece of apple dribbled out of her mouth but still she remained lifeless .
he settled her back on the floor again , not seeming to notice the piece of apple .
she gave her a poisoned apple and then ran away .
i saw her choke on the piece of apple .
jack grabbed a red apple from a compote of fruit , placed it in his pocket , then nodded his readiness .
jack pulled the apple from his pocket and tossed it to me .
i caught it , twisted the stem out , then placed my thumbs on the top of the apple , applying pressure and pulling out .
the apple made a crunching noise as it split in two .
my father had taught us how to split apples with our hands when i was nine .
we sat eating apple pieces and watching the room below through the small gaps between the leaves .
when i had consumed three eggs , four slices of bread , and an apple , i sat back in the chair and closed my eyes .
i laughed when i realized it was apple cider , not champagne or wine .
the children ran to call in the men , and shortly the group was converging on a blanket laid out in the shade beneath a large apple tree , to one side of the home .
cider a beverage made by pressing and fermenting apples .
his adams apple is hard and pronounced as it works , up and down , like everything else about him .
he nods , apples in his cheeks , the dewy look of sweat on his forehead , just beneath his chestnut brown curls .
the air is thick with fried dough and fried meat and spun sugar and caramel apples and if it was nt for the fact that the place was called cannibal carnival , i could probably relax .
its a kids book bag , like you d get a preschooler , with little yellow busses and green apples and baseballs all over it .
its the typical state fair scene ; lots of bundled up folks eating kettle corn and candy apples and cotton candy and elephant ears slathered in chocolate pudding .
i see it as i round the corner on apple avenue : the minute mart , closed now , even though the neon sign out front says open 24 - hours .
yeah , but she totally wanted to come to the dance tonight so she s been text - stalking me for , like , a week and i figured it was better than sitting around the living room with my mom all night , watching the ball drop and then drinking apple champagne and kissing her on the cheek before going to bed i snort .
me too , he admits , but mom always buys the apple anyway .
feel up to havin some apple pie tonight ?
the fragrant scent of apples forced a loud gurgle from his empty stomach .
rennie hurried to the first pair of apple trees and plucked the small fruit from their lower boughs .
they are nt quite ripe yet , he said , eyeing up a small apple , but they wo nt make you sick .
the palm - sized apple barely put a dent in the young mans appetite .
he underhanded another apple to noah .
he plucked a few more apples from the neighboring tree .
noah asked as he gnawed on his apple .
buck took a drag off his stogie and pointed it in the direction of the apple orchards .
noah watched it roll in as he joined the other men of his working party at the northern head of the apple trees .
that ll be twenty - seven -- noah swept the roll of bills from the corner of her purse , grabbed two apples , and ran down the alley as fast as his legs would carry him .
he shoved two of his apples into either back pocket and took a big bite out of the last .
i m sorry , he whimpered as he tossed the last of his apple cores into the adjacent field .
having stuffed his gizzard with a heaping helping of stew and all of the trimmings , noah waddled to the paddock where the apple of his eye rehearsed her act .
he paid for a fresh apple and stuffed his change in his pocket as his minds reincarnation of his mother stirred the pot .
she just was nt a good apple .
i ve some apples in my room , terry offered , but they ve been sitting there a few weeks .
even with the ripening apple trees lining the sides of the street , the city was dark .
ahead , i saw a small clearing and a picket fence leading into an apple orchard .
the only fruit we had was a couple of apples , so i chopped them up and added them .
he was an apple juice fan , so i guessed it was that .
a fresh layer of dew touched the grass around us , covering the leaves of the apple and plum trees lining the streets .
a makeshift stall to our left sold candy floss and toffee apples .
ahead , a bird sucked a worm out of a rotting apple .
oh , drake , jack said , adams apple jutting as he swallowed , i m so sorry .
i stared at him pressing and flattening the feather against his thigh , his adams apple bobbing hard as he kept swallowing , and processed his words .
how can an apple start the sweetest romance in fairytale history ?
it was like watching the tree grow in fast forward ; one of the branches thickened and the leaves turned a darker shade of green just as a plump apple appeared above her head .
the apple had always been her favorite .
although the sweet juice gushed out of the fruit and dribbled down her chin , the apple tasted bitter .
kiethara bit into her apple again and chewed it slowly .
she finished her apple , taking out the seeds and tossing them and the core as far as she could .
you re as sweet as the apples growing above your head , so do nt let any of that nonsense get to you .
just to grab an apple off a tree , to throw herself into the grass , and eat at her own leisurely pace raynock clapped his hands , and immediately two men and one woman bustled in .
the people below still hurried through the streets , carrying baskets of apples on top of their heads , leading animals by the reins , or rolling barrels down the cobblestone .
well , you ca nt say i did nt warn you , she sighed , taking a bite from her apple .
he staggered sideways , the barrel slipping out of his hands and onto the ground , where it went rolling into the stable across the street , sending apples bouncing in haphazard directions .
people passing by gave him a wide berth , some pointing , a few boys stealing apples off the ground .
it took the man along time to recover himself , but in the end he finally stocked off to retrieve his apples .
i found and got some apples and pears too .
gizzard was sitting by the tree eating an apple .
the brunette finished off his apple .
the garden was flooded with shimmering crystal water bedazzled with blooming lunar flowers and lily - pads that clung to our legs as we waded through to a tree of golden apples .
i kneed him in the stomach as hard as i could and dealt him a blow to his adams apple with the back of my forearm , making him wheeze .
he placed an apple on his head and stood several feet away from the general .
there were some wobbles , as he became familiar with the weight of his brothers arm but eventually we saw as the apple appeared on the guns camera .
the apple exploded instantly and burst across the stage .
the next day , i walked past the cafeteria , finishing an apple .
i swear , if i hear oh , you poor thing ! in any context , whether it be genuine , pathetically sarcastic , or a way to feign interest so i divulge my secretsone more time , i may just snap and show these people how far from the freaking tree this apple really fell .
in the kitchen , i lower three slices of bread into the four - slot toaster , tug the butter and peanut butter from their respective places , and pour two glasses of orange juice ( no pulp ) and one glass of apple juice .
i snag an apple from the lunch line before the lunch lady can notice i did nt pay for it .
well , yeah i drag out before i swallow the piece of apple i was chewing .
i do my best to tuck a curl behind my ear that s fallen away , abandoning my neglected apple .
lets just drop this , i offer , taking another bite of my apple , but i really want to toss it into the trash .
were apples and oranges .
for lunch , i ate an apple , i sign to my partner .
scenic landscape on the wall across from me , neat and organized desk in the corner of the room covered with family photographs , paperwork , and business cards , an apple laptop with a black screen sitting open on the desk , a box of tissues on the table that separates me from dr . jett ; i stare at these things every session every month .
harley tosses me an apple , kennie slides me a banana , and these small gestures make me smile for the first time today .
i take a bite , a bit too aggressively , from the apple as kennie replies politely , i m good , ryder .
that throws me for a loop and i nearly choke on my mushy chunk of apple .
harley slides into the seat across from memy seat yesterdayand rolls an apple my way .
my mouth is too full of apple to speak .
once he realized i liked apples , he started bringing me one daily .
the scent of homecomings in the air , he states , handing me an apple from his lunch , his fingers lightly brushing against mine .
i take a bite from the apple , feeling the juice run down my chin .
i shrug my shoulders , not bothering to look at ryder , and say , to my apple , you were too late , ryder .
i was thinking someone more brunette and bitter , he tells his sandwich just as i spoke to my apple .
i roll my eyes and look to the nearest garbage can , tossing the now - browning apple core .
i m missing lunch and i desperately want an apple .
harley smacks her on the shoulder , as if she s been doing it all day , before she rolls me an apple from her lunch .
i quickly quiet the thought because she would force me to indulge in some fruit , and in all our haste , we forgot to buy apples .
i m not really all that hungry , i tell him , slightly wishing i had an apple .
well , not standing , more like tripping over a frozen apple i neglected to trash when it fell from the tree in the center of the yard .
he takes out an apple and holds it in front of my face , food for answers .
reigyn takes a bite of the apple .
here , take this , salina forces the water bottle and an apple into my hands .
i eagerly drain the water bottle , but after a small bite of the apple i feel nauseous .
madelyn buys a caramel apple for lunch , she loves caramel apples and that 's all the money she has .
madelyn buys a caramel apple for lunch , she loves caramel apples and that 's all the money she has .
the first time she rides him , she declares that she will not buy him if he was the last apple in the barrel .
i headed past the other ten mustangs , candy - apple reds , canary yellows , a night black convertible , and emerald greens .
i made an apple crisp for dessert tonight .
come visit the horses with me while i feed them these apple peels .
i spoke : the sack , that is here ; because apples , nut and almond core eat pious children gladly .
his bright eyes were heavy with concentration , like a real painter - and then an apple dropped out of nothing and bounced off ozs head , making him jump .
he hopped off the wall and knelt over the pavement to pick up the apple where it had landed .
oz stared at her like she had dropped out of the sky , like seths apple .
the apple , he said through gritted teeth .
besides , shed just watched seth conjure an apple out of thin air .
like the apple .
look , i made a mistake with the apple .
she staggered into her house and sank her teeth into a browning apple , instantly feeling sick for it .
he would talk about last week , how they had gone to a fall festival and drunk apple cider together .
you re not going to find any starbucks or walmarts here , kai informed her , striding up to the cashier , an apple cider and a pumpkin spice latte , thanks .
she talked until her throat and mouth went dry , at which kai would buy her another apple cider , and then she would talk again .
what kai had made for her last night , when he thought she was in shock , had looked like apple juice .
i m pretty sure that everyone has relationship troubles , austin said , holding her apple cider with both hands .
is apple cider fine ?
aiden moved so that it rested higher , level with her adams apple , long time no see .
it was an odd thing , perfectly the size of my hand , a plain logo of a crude apple with a perfect bite taken out of it , and the screen stayed inside it , not popping out like any screens we have now .
did your adams apple drop while i was gone ?
two large omelets , three slices of buttered toast , an apple , and two glasses of orange juice later emma finally got up and took her plate to the sink .
the lunch she normally packed for herself , a sandwich with chips , an apple , and a cookie hardly even made a dent in her appetite .
it was after she drank apple juice .
ade decided that he would build a bonfire to the side of the pompon ( it was a bit like an apple tree that blossoms ) .
clowns juggled anything from apples to daggers and encouraged people to participate in their antics .
they found vendors selling candy apples , fried butter bits , huge barbecued turkey legs , fudge of all varieties ( including chili flavor ) , and much more .
the governor invited the winners of various other contests , like the jams and jellies competition , the apple pie eating competition , the turkey calling competition , the kite flying competition , and the goat herding competition , to the adjoining stages .
the cow seemed happy enough to walk with the girl , since she held an apple and used it to encourage the animal if it stopped .
a hubigs pie truck drove by , and he almost thought he could smell the fresh apple pies inside .
there was an apple - tree beside the house , and some apples had fallen to the ground .
there was an apple - tree beside the house , and some apples had fallen to the ground .
a little black dog with bright brown eyes dashed out of the farm - house and ran madly toward the shaggy man , who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat .
the little dog barked and made a dive for the shaggy mans leg ; but he grabbed the dog by the neck and put it in his big pocket along with the apples .
he took more apples , afterward , for many were on the ground ; and each one that he tossed into his pocket hit the little dog somewhere upon the head or back , and made him growl .
he put his hand in his side - pocket and drew out an apple -- quick , before toto could bite him again .
to guard these apples in my pocket , miss , so no one would steal them .
with one hand the shaggy man held the apple , which he began eating , while with the other hand he pulled toto out of his pocket and dropped him to the ground .
that s nothing to be afraid of , he replied , throwing away the core of his apple and beginning to eat another one.each of these roads must lead somewhere , or it would nt be here .
have an apple , suggested the shaggy man , handing her one with pretty red cheeks .
but you may be , tomorrow ; then you ll be sorry you did nt eat the apple , said he .
if i am , ill eat the apple then , promised dorothy .
perhaps there wo nt be any apple then , he returned , beginning to eat the red - cheeked one himself .
the fender of his dads candy apple red 57 chevy was dented and the paint scraped .
mother gestured towards a small tray of bite - size sandwiches and apple slices on the tea table .
how you like them apples ?
the other man was tall with a crew cut and a prominent adams apple which moved up and down like a faulty elevator , while he sized roger up .
roger waited quietly for another outbreak but sacrificing the apple fritter seemed to quell the presidents anger at former president holcomb for the moment .
her mum had left her a banana , an apple and a bowl of sushi .
ivors apple red cheeks drained to a polo mint white in seconds and his wayward hair took the opportunity to stand up as if he d plugged himself into the mains .
dean managed to claw his way through the crowd , lacey smallwood at his side , fighting off threatening blasts of ice or acid or fire or apple sauce or whatever with her rapidly growing barrier of roses .
all around , food vendors touted a vast array of saturated fats disguised as candy apples , hamburgers , giant pretzels , and fried donuts .
it ran from the corner of his jaw down his neck in a thick arc that terminated just before his adams apple .
it tasted crisp , like biting into a green apple .
chapter forty immortal tess put down her glass of apple juice and then immediately picked it back up again , surveying the room with a look filled with self - pity .
food had been packed to last for days , but the fare was mainly hard biscuits , dried meat , potatoes , mothers sugar cookies , apples and other nonperishable stuff .
on apple lane , traffic going out by the sky gate was halted due to several overturned wagons and on the next street over , a man grabbed his child before they could be run over by a speeding wagon .
it makes me wonder what a place like you is doing in a woman likeno , wait a moment , i meant to say monika laughed and aman blushed , his cheek turning the bright crimson of an apple .
fato warbled a note and they laughed at him a little , as oaka grabbed a few apples from his pack and started to juggle them over his head .
crewe emerges from some rummaging in the kitchen with a deep pan that he hands to della , and jerky and apples that he tosses to the rest of us .
the boy walked happily on , smelling the wares of the apple sellers , watching the blacksmith pound the red - hot metal at his forge , and blushing at the pretty girls in their slightly moth - eaten dresses .
he asked , frown creasing his face , have you talked to the apple pie today ?
why , only five minutes hence she was blushing like an apple at the mention of your name .
his adams apple bobbed a few times in his throat , but the look on his face did n't change .
one who lines up to see all the blockbuster films with a supersize bucket of popcorn and a giant coke instead of taking an apple to the art house cinema ?
he swallowed and sebastian watched his bulging adams apple bob in his throat .
we were ready to spend the afternoon together underneath our favorite apple tree , until the crisp summer skies gave way to menacing gray clouds and heavy rain .
when i was much younger , harold fixed my bruised knee after i had fallen from the apple tree .
we kept the triplets close to us while they each munched on a juicy , red apple .
albert picked an apple and threw it at steven .
steven threw the apple at grimdin , who grabbed it .
and they started adding several apples , peaches , and some small pieces of bread .
grimdin had a small drink , and then pulled out an apple for steven and another one for him .
he was busy nibbling his apple .
steven crunched the last bite , and threw away the chomped apple .
grimdin finished with the apple fast , then got a pair of peaches out of his pack .
but everyone soon realized that elisa was no less beautiful than dorthia : they were like two apples , one green and sour ; one red and sweet .
on the other was a big apple tree , spotted with red apples .
on the other was a big apple tree , spotted with red apples .
nobody is talking , and i mutely take an apple and join them .
he was sitting under a tree whilst apples fell beside him .
the leaves on the huge baking apple tree that loomed over the bottom of his parents garden rustled their joy at the breath of cooling air .
in it she packed an extra pair of clothes , apples and bread , a flashlight , and bottled water .
several large wood barrels were filled with delicious looking apples , and pretty decorations hung from the ceiling .
the smell of evergreen , wood , and apple spice filled willows nostrils .
they ate apples , corn , and other fruits and vegetables they found from trees or farmers crops along the way .
at midday , dagdron waited while his father crept into a farm to steal corn and apples , unsure whether they would be able to find food deeper in the forest .
they ate the remaining apples and corn .
his diet had always been basically the same with apples , corn , and occasional meat .
by the time they left the sweet store , everyone 's bags were plump with sugar - fruit drops , berry buds , taffy & toffee brother 's chews , caramel apples , and every type of truffle imaginable .
charlotta beamed and stowed one of the caramel apples in her bag .
charlotta hurled her caramel apple at his head .
the flying apple hit belch 's lady friend in the face .
` ` says the boy who got a caramel apple chucked at his head . ''
henry fed bobby some cut up apples for supper and put him in his crib , hoping to get to bed early .
the adam 's apple bobbed in his throat as he swallowed .
i could see hard , green apples sprouting on the branches around me .
daniel leaned forward and took an apple from the table .
he bit into it , half - expecting an unknown taste , but it was as delicious as any apple he d eaten .
yes , said daniel , with a mouthful of apple .
in a pitcher was some juice daniel could nt identify , but it was deliciousa little sweeter than apple juice , not as sweet as pineappleand daniel polished off three glassfuls before alistair brought out the main course .
the aroma of apples and cinnamon rolled off her , only to change a moment later to vanilla then to gingerbread .
all great poets have a knack for taking something ordinary , such as an apple , and finding the impossible inside of it .
bagomotsi was probably still at the party with the apple of his eye , dancing and having fun while i sat there in my bed .
any juice could do , as long as its hundred percent and i quickly stood up and went on to the house where i got an apple juice and a soda and went back to her .
he ate greedily , his adams apple bobbing as he swallowed .
no evil queens with poisoned red apples ?
lets hope elspeth eats the apple if there is one .
most of the time , there s something to compete againsta tower to climb , a wall of briars to cut away , a poison apple to dislodge , evil queens , wolves , and nasty stepparentsbut the true test is nt what we have the courage to fight .
they sound ridiculous , things like eating an apple from wherever aerlings come from , some kind of god - given blessing , intermixing of species , stuff like that .
he said we were stealing , but we were nt stealing ; the apples were windfalls , and no - one minds if someone takes a bite out of a wind - fallen apple they always have maggots in them anyway , so we told him to keep his maggoty old apples and he said that if he caught us in any of his fields again he would cut our hands off and our tongues ' ' when did the griffin master and your father leave ? '
he said we were stealing , but we were nt stealing ; the apples were windfalls , and no - one minds if someone takes a bite out of a wind - fallen apple they always have maggots in them anyway , so we told him to keep his maggoty old apples and he said that if he caught us in any of his fields again he would cut our hands off and our tongues ' ' when did the griffin master and your father leave ? '
he said we were stealing , but we were nt stealing ; the apples were windfalls , and no - one minds if someone takes a bite out of a wind - fallen apple they always have maggots in them anyway , so we told him to keep his maggoty old apples and he said that if he caught us in any of his fields again he would cut our hands off and our tongues ' ' when did the griffin master and your father leave ? '
a cheer went up at the sight of whole roasted piglets and trays of baked turnips and apples and freshly made bread rolls .
that 's my father out there , ' his adam 's apple worked in his throat , and his eyes glistened .
he checked his rearview mirror , and his anger gave him a distorted view : the general looked like he spewed laundry fumeswith bubblesfrom his head , as if the head had been sliced like an apple , in a 1 - to-3 ratio from left to right , and then put back together again like humpty dumpty .
he jogged past the jungle ride , now like a native temple in ruinsooh - ooh - ah - ah - ah ! past the bump cars , where grass grew up between the cracks of its iron flooring , the slick oversurface having been removed on which the cars used to careen , he hurried past the ` ` spinning tea cup '' ridea pigeon roost now , covered with pigeon droppings , and past the house of mirrors , as if past an abandoned shack with a cigarette billboard on its sidetill he stopped where the ferris wheel used to be and where suddenly the park was as if full of a crowd of peopletoothy - smiling young men with angular shoulders and a cigarette who hung over an angelic daughter with cotton candy or a candy apple , or clung to the hand of a son with a balloonmothers in white shorts with white sandals , looking like incarnations of aphrodite , and big dark men with pot bellies and a cigar , a scowl on their face for brothers who chased each other through the crowdscreams from the roller coaster , the pipe organ jinglinglovers arm in arm , always seen from behind , on asphalt , black and oily outside the restroomwhite and redof a kaleidoscopehoang - ha took off his m16 from his shoulder and went down on one knee , all in one motion , raising his weapon , and then , shot the monsterone , two , and three timesat the base of the skull , just below the head and , with mouth agape , watched the monster stumble and thenthen , like a ferris wheel tipping over , crash into the woods and plunge across canal road into the canal .
i arrived , slightly out of breath and wondering if we should ve eaten more than a power bar and an apple .
in the marketplace , the servant that had been buying last minute fresh ingredients for that nights feast , stopped with an apple half way to his basket .
he enquired as he hid the root under the apples in his basket .
the bakers brought a large pastry in the shape of a castle , and a variety of apples , pears and other fruits which were baked as a dessert .
move this apple to the stove .
adam places an apple in front of her .
move the apple .
he orders saying nothing further about her tanty and merely pointing to the apple .
she hisses training her gaze to the apple .
savannah move the apple .
he is pointing to the apple i moved from the sink to the oven with my hand .
i jump to it and stand directly in front of the apple .
i startle a little so tilt my head back and picture the apple coming out of the bin before i open my eyes to see the apple hovering just above it .
i startle a little so tilt my head back and picture the apple coming out of the bin before i open my eyes to see the apple hovering just above it .
as my concentration waivers the apple drops in with the same thud as just moments before .
violence had existed , before i was born , actually , since the beginning of time , when eve stole that damn apple then hit adam in the nuts .
but yet , the rotten apples still linger on the tree .
i wrap red cloth around my palm extending my arm like holding an apple as he approaches flaring nostrils .
apples and oranges , said lily airily .
perhaps i should have chosen something more nutritious , an energy bar , or an apple , but i wanted him to have a treat .
all i had for breakfast was an apple .
but really , an apple is nt enough to tide anyone over after all the work i ve done this morning .
biggest adams apple i ve ever seen .
ryder slowly cracked the door and the heavenly sent of a mixture of lilac which belonged to his mother and cinnamon and apples which came from the febreze bottle on her nightstand filled the room .
written in apple green icing .
wearing nothing but my bra and green apple - print panties , i climbed down the ladder and prayed uncle enzo would nt show up right then .
the door was smooth and the paint , custom - mixed to my favorite shade of apple green , was perfect .
inside the box i found a small plastic tree covered in tiny apples , a suction cup fixed to the bottom .
the sun makes the branches sway and the apples change from red to the exact same green as your car .
you know , the green and the fact that you make the best apple pie we ve ever tasted .
for the rest of my life i would nt be able to make an apple pie without thinking of uncle enzo .
of course they were supposedly already following better dietary guidelines , but mrs . mills version of fresh fruit , for example , was an apple with fewer brown spots than red ones .
we were both really hungry so i showed crissy how to make one of the super fast appetizers we were going to make at a future club meetingminiature multi - grain bagels first toasted lightly then topped with thin slices of granny smith apples and squares of cheddar .
since we have nt made any breakfast food yet , i thought we d try whole wheat apple walnut pancakes today .
and apples .
you ll need to peel and shred your apples , i explained and demonstrated how to use a box shredder .
it was the most amazingly perfect shade of apple green .
before long , she had made it through the training stages and the drill sergeant had grudgingly declared her , in his best apples and pears voice , fit for duty .
his adams apple moved up and then down in his neck .
i grabbed two apples and a pear , putting them into the front pocket of my hoodie , and arranged a handful of carrot sticks onto a paper towel , rolling it up into a bundle and stuffing it into my pocket .
in answer , i pulled out an apple .
the first practice by sunday morning , i was starting to get used to waking up at stupid oclock , so i was at the stables well before seven , even having stopped at the dining hall to grab an apple and yogurt to eat on the way .
i grabbed some food on my way out to the stables , including an apple and some carrots for charlie .
he swallowed , his adams apple moving up and down in his neck .
one bad apple i glanced at the clock ; dave was late .
it was disappointing that the best holiday of the year was going to be kiboshed by school administrators , just because of a few slutty apples .
oi , none of that attitude , said zeus taking an apple from the bowl in the middle of the table and taking a large bite out of it .
as he said it a spray of apple juice flew out of his mouth .
i grabbed an apple from the kitchen counter and let myself out of the trailer before he answered .
i hurried toward the two - story motel , munching on my apple with gusto .
i asked in between bites of an incredible apple dumpling that cora had made for me for lunch .
besides him , everyone was nice and pleasant , i said while getting an apple off the kitchen table .
we know what you are looking for , she said , and then she dropped it like it was a poisonous apple .
back in the slaves quarters , i and sat down with apple cider and a hot fire to listen to what duncan did for a living .
lilly looked up from her apple .
oh , that girl , lilly rolled her eyes and took another bite of apple .
your minions are waiting for you , i said through bites of an apple .
i thought you were somebody else , my hand flew to cover my mouth after i spit apple all over the table and all over avalon st . andrews .
no worries , he laughed , while wiping a bit of apple off his cheek .
you d think , i agreed with another mouthful of apple .
the apple stayed lodged in my throat as i continued to cough and gulp my bottle of water .
it only took a minimal effort to determine that the apple would no longer be stuck .
a brass door knocker sat in the middle shaped into the same image that avalon had tattooed on his left wrist : a large snake wrapped around an apple , eating its own tail .
i thought you might be hungry , he gave me a timid smile and opened the cloth satchel to reveal several loaves of bread , apples and bottles of water .
i pulled out an apple and immediately took a bite .
my grimy teeth were grateful for the natural cleansing the apple blessed them with .
i continued to munch on my apple , feeling very much at peace .
at least wash the blood off your hands before you attempt an apple pie , he joked .
i m going to kill you tonight , seth snarled , his adams apple bobbing in his throat with the effort to swallow .
i got in line immediately so i could scope out the room under the pretense of boredom and started filling up my tray with various healthy options , like an apple and bottled water .
i tore my eyes from his adams apple just in time to watch his eyes lift under thick eyelashes .
it had to be the adams apple , or the pronounced muscles or the way it connected to his broad shoulders .
kelly enjoyed warm apple pie .
not too many ski hills in the big apple !
it was cold and sweet , tasting like fresh apples .
i grabbed an apple from the bowl on the counter and ran from the room , calling back , you bet !
oh she dug in her backpack and pulled out an apple .
she looked at my chips and apple .
i bit the apple and avoided looking at vals meal while i chewed .
i made the most fabulous apple tart she kept up the social prattle as she led the onlookers back into the living room .
i made apple pie , grandma mary announced .
cinta returns wringing her preciously manicured half - an - inch finger nails that paints like mine in pretty baby blue with the good smelling water apple anti - bacterial hand wash as she extends the pink - colored bottle out for both my hands .
if that is nt enough food for a growing teenager then there s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries , orange slices , grapes , apples , walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast , two thigh legs , and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes .
i shake my skull side to side , carefully following the old two tires marks along the worn dirt path back down the hill then turn left as i see the white barn straight along as i putt - putt the truck towards its parking spot on the left side of the barn wall under the old crab apple tree so the tart apples can fall over the hay bales sweetening the grain for the picky eaters among the horses .
i shake my skull side to side , carefully following the old two tires marks along the worn dirt path back down the hill then turn left as i see the white barn straight along as i putt - putt the truck towards its parking spot on the left side of the barn wall under the old crab apple tree so the tart apples can fall over the hay bales sweetening the grain for the picky eaters among the horses .
garth did nt see me kiss him in the moon light as i giggle with a girly twang reliving that exciting moment this morning as my prime birthday present from cinta who s my bestest girl in the world but i do interest in that weird dream when i kissed garths lips as i recreate in my mind while i suds the fruity bubbles over my body for a fresh clean smell of green apples before the three oclock party .
cinta holds the white formal ankle - length plantation dress with a sweetheart neckline and a fitted waist in her right arm which looks like the scarlett ohara infamous picnic dress , without the little green apple design .
garth groans when i brace my ten finger pads around both his apple cheekbones feeling both softness and gentleness of his clean shaven face .
he slides the bowl of fruit that contains whole green grapes , slices of strawberries , and apples as i chow down with my right finger pads .
i eat an apple slice and chew .
cinta busts through the first door standing on my left near the wall scanning the faces inside the crowded corridor of shuffling folks moving passed a series of rectangular archways that represents each grade classroom veering towards the left and to the right is the schools lunchroom where the food vendors are selling tons of fresh steamed hotdogs , grilled hamburgers , juicy bbq sandwiches , cold ice cream , hot popcorn , carmel apples , dipped peanut bananas , and other food stuffs as cinta whispers into my right eardrum .
i want some buttered popcorn and two carmel apples .
mama does nt make carmel apples .
cinta holds the free small food basket that slowly fills with food consisting of a bag of hot buttered popcorn , two carmel apples , and accepts the single chocolate cupcake while we two - step left into the hotdog line and she suggests .
he holds the tricycle as i stand from the little toy then bounce up and down on my boot toes and clapping my hands like a kid as the second volunteer hands off a miniature teddy bear for me as i pad towards cinta who s working on the carmel apple while sucking down my cold soda .
they had nt closed the apple bobbing display for fighting , yet .
do ya plan to volunteer for the apple bobbing next year , risa ?
get me a soda and a carmel apple .
she carries two drinks and two carmel apples within her arms .
i enter the drivers side sliding into the leather while starting the cold engine since cinta left the key in the ignition and the doors unlocked as i stare at the steering column that s covered slightly in light brown carmel because cinta sat here and ate her candy apple while worrying about me like a true girl best as i cut my eyelashes to spy on cinta as cinta thumb fiddles with the cell phone texting to someone .
cinta has probably consumed too many carmel apples , right , dear making a sugar high inside your body ?
one day , ill perfect the carmel apple but not tonight .
three horizontal rows of raccoons , each one carry a piece of fruit including an assortment of berries , apples , pears , and peaches .
i grabbed my bag and books headed to the kitchen to grab an apple and a bottle of water when i saw diane talking in whispers to our ' parents ' .
i grabbed an apple and a bottle of water and kissed both parents bye .
it was covered with a pattern of tiny apples and flowers .
ill be right back number 27 returned with a small cup of apple sauce .
it was like he had a tourniquet around his adams apple .
i also have some apple sauce here to mix in ... joan cut him off .
i spin on the spot to see old mrs . cromarty chatting with one of her girlfriends in front of a fruit vendor , inspecting apples , oranges , and melons , placing them in burlap totes .
finally , his adams apple moved , and he swallowed the dust .
# # # discordia short stories from the golden apple of discord book i of the discord trilogy copyright lauren hodge 2014 first edition by createspace lauren hodge has asserted her right under the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work .
isbn-13 : 978 - 1499389395 isbn-10 : 1499389396 this takes place during chapters one and two in the golden apple of discord - aggie of the milunfran toronto coven .
-x- this takes place between chapters two and seven in the golden apple of discord - lunet of the dacian vampire coven .
i was once dracos golden apple .
i wonder how he regards his precious golden apple now .
i failed to bring draco his new golden apple , instead bringing news of cothelass death .
i may not be able to kill the new golden apple , but i can make her suffer .
now we must tell draco his golden apple is forever beyond our reach .
-x- this takes place in chapter seven from the golden apple of discord - prefect duncan of the noricum vampires .
-x- this takes place in chapter nine of the golden apple of discord - coralia of the milunfran vampires aggie and ruben are in the backseat of a sleek , sexy audi .
-x- this takes place during chapter eight in the golden apple of discord - prince lucius of the noricum vampires edson calls from the jet after wheels - up in toronto with news i never expected to get .
-x- takes place during chapter fourteen in the golden apple of discord - ann of the milunfran vampires ruben , thomas , and aggie wait in the sitting room .
what about apples or oranges ?
you have apple juice every morning .
i could see his adams apple working , like he was trying to swallow but could nt .
after all , you know what they say about the apple not falling far from the tree .
if i do nt come back in thirty minutes , come find me in the apple orchard on the stone bench .
can you go to the apple orchard with me ?
together we snuck back out to my bower in the apple orchard .
daniel found a warm smile even though his adams apple throbbed .
dembe took a large bite of an apple , put the core down in his bowl , and got more comfortable as he swallowed .
she threw her arms around rustys neck as she fed him an apple .
rusty rubbed his head on her as if in agreement , leaving a trail of apple juice across her jeans .
you could be in a hundred movies and they can say anything they want about you , as long as they give you an apple .
rusty tossed his head , as if in agreement , as he munched his apple happily .
she stopped drinking soda and ate an apple a day .
blana brought over a plate with eggs and bacon on it and a glass of apple juice .
i cross the kitchen , grab an apple , and then take a bite .
a mother is there , going through the apples and putting them in a bag .
i look up at emily , now bawling , and watch her mother push the cart toward the check - out , and with a turn , i grab an apple and then head toward the floral section , deciding to pick up something for courtney , a small gift of thanks for letting me stay all week .
i leave my basket , full of make - up and a perfectly red apple , in the floral section .
he d already eaten the two apples , and wished there had been more .
you ll have noticed , i m sure , that in all the rest of the portraits they all look like they ve been eating sour apples .
we climbed the apple trees in the orchard , burrowed in the haystacks , and whispered childish secrets to each other , laughing and holding hands as we skipped along the green fields .
she seemed to like those even more than the carrots or apples i had been feeding her .
on my way out of the house , i stopped by the breakfast room and stuffed a couple of apples and a small package of cookies in my backpack .
simon found us sitting beside the road enjoying a snack of apples and cookies .
i take an apple and then head over to the cupboard and take some crackers , potato chips , and cereal bars .
on the ground a crushed mcdonalds apple pie case and beer can alerted me that homeless people might hangout back here .
i watched tims adams apple move in and out in awe as he took huge gulps .
rafiki has some triple stacked green apples , we did some earlier , they re bomb .
a six - tree apple orchard that produced the most perfectly crunchy , sweet mcintosh apples ; perfect for cider every fall .
a six - tree apple orchard that produced the most perfectly crunchy , sweet mcintosh apples ; perfect for cider every fall .
gods only law : do nt eat the apple .
emily helped herself to some yogurt and an apple and joined julie since she motioned her over .
this has been a lovely night , carmen says after taking a bite out of her apple pie .
eliza and tia are both working on apple crisp and vanilla ice cream .
yeah , how do you like them apples ?
at 11 , still without customers , hank told wolf to take the boys into the shade afforded by a dozen wild apple trees in an irregular line about 30 meters from the road .
the others were lying in the wild underbrush beneath the trees munching on apples .
soon , apple cores would be flying through the air .
then , whole apples would fly .
putt - putt out of town with a sack of apples slung over your shoulder ? ''
we may assume that the boys under the apple trees were similarly warned to get ready , but even in the dead heat of a summer day , no rustling sounds made it to the ears of the desperados .
he walked over to smoky and gave her the last bit of the apple he was eating for breakfast .
by the time he finished he was ready for breakfast and needed more than just an apple .
come back soon , ill have better apples .
he turned it overit was an apple .
colton dropped the shrunken apple and set his hand on reeces shoulder .
colton did nt want to tell bernam that he could hold on to the energy from an apple for half an hour , if not longer .
he felt warmththe same warmth he had felt when he took life from the apple .
you can shrink apples and for some reasoni ca nt figure out whyjust shelly likes you more than she likes me .
colton was disappointedhe had been able to contain the life energy of an apple for half an hour .
a small caf advertising hot apple cider and pie waits to my left and i remember cole mentioning a pit stop .
the heady scent of apple and cinnamon fills my senses and i am instantly at ease .
steaming mugs sit in front of us , mine filled with apple cider , simon 's with black coffee .
the girl turned the shiny red apple over and over in her hands , her eyes wide .
i guarantee its the best apple you ll ever taste .
andrea took a bite of the apple .
andrea complied , and laughed breathlessly as the apple rose out of her grasp , sailing toward rowan and disappearing into the shadow .
andrea looked back at rowan once the apple was gone .
reese stood there , a pair of rosy red apples in one hand , a jug of ale in the other , his face lost in the shadows .
a plate of fried chicken , baked beans , and apple sauce were on the plate .
the baked beans and apple sauce tasted great , but cory was careful not to eat the chicken .
people meandered through the store picking huge heads of lettuce or bags of apples .
mama smelled like her apple shampoo , just like always .
the bag of pink lady apples .
well work on it , allison said , pulling out three peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , an apple , and two bottles of water .
you were so he trailed off , his adams apple bobbing as he swallowed , beautiful .
you look he trailed off and inhaled deeply , his adams apple bobbing forcefully as he swallowed .
wheeling over to the refrigerator , sara grabbed a bottle of water and an apple .
as she lifted the apple to her mouth , a knock at the door startled her .
the apple slipped from her fingers , bounced once , and then rolled under the kitchen table .
that was her last apple .
he bent down , picked her apple up off the floor , and handed it to her .
that question surprised her even more than the apple .
he rattled me around like a bag of apples and i could feel my inside bruising .
half walking / half running out the door , i yelled out , have fun sorting apples , paulo .
i imagined it like a sorting machine , kind of like what paulo did , but instead of apples , the superiors sorted races and classes .
paulo always came home smelling like sour apples and vinegar .
paulos hand was on my back , pushing me towards the helicopter like i was an uncooperative apple on the conveyor belt .
i walked towards the blossoms i had seen in the distance , hoping they would be wild apple .
um , all right , well just put the apples in your pack and ill collect those nuts over there .
i dropped the apples and the nuts i d collected .
its smooth and tastes vaguely like apples .
the store was bigger than he remembered , with several baskets of apples and squash in front .
i hope she enjoyed the apples she ordered .
cami bit into a fresh apple and said , no .
she set her apple on a napkin on the table .
and how have you been doing my sweet apples with sugar lumps ?
i grab an apple slice off ketchups tray and throw it at his chest .
she picked up the apple off her tray and took a big bite just to make him happy .
coffee , tea , milk , v-8 , tomato or apple juice .
his battery had run out and he had been unable to use the phone in any capacity , but simply plugging it in and seeing the small white apple logo made him feel just a bit better .
tiago smiled and pushed his sandwich with a glass of apple juice in his throat .
shamus is a gangster , maurice said , reaching into the cargo pocket of his pants and pulling out an apple .
were just trying to survive , maurice answered sincerely , taking a bite of the apple .
maurice tossed his apple core into the bushes , wiped his hand on his pant leg , and then shifted his shotgun over to his other shoulder .
when i reach the olive grove i catch my first glimpse of the apple orchard that lies just beyond .
as i reach him he tosses an apple to me .
i ca nt even remember the last apple i d tasted .
hey elle , ryan says , as he reaches up to pluck another apple from the tree .
ryan , i muffle , placing my hand over my mouth in an attempt to disguise the apple i still munch on .
he s looking down at his own half - eaten apple , and his face creases as though he s bothered by the thought .
i say , taking a second decisive bite of my apple .
he frowns and looks at the ground around us , as though searching for another apple .
he glances up at me , his curious eyes probing me for answers , before turning away to continue his search for fallen apples .
his eyes finally land on an apple .
after i left the apple tree i was distracted .
by the time the company tucked into the lemon and apple pies , malin was content .
i push the heavy door open and am met by the smell of apple cinnamon .
chef mason described what he had prepared before any of us could eat : roasted pork loin and risotto with apples , mushrooms and shallots .
to be safe , i carefully worked whatever looked like apples , mushrooms or shallots under a layer of risotto .
thanks to chef montford , i ca n't go anywhere near apples .
a stall of green apples was right in front of me and i grinned .
other peddlers glanced his way and some of the passers - by gasped , pointing to the apple that i was holding .
everybody was looking at the apple with wide eyes .
i made the apple invisible too , and the spectators mouths opened at the same time .
its so funny that i was tempted to make the apple reappear and turn it invisible again , but i did nt do it anymore .
i took one last bite of the apple before letting its core roll down the ground .
no rule is without its flaws , but winds and northsams rules were so different its like comparing apples and oranges ; then peeling off their skins and comparing them again .
then from one of the holes of the watermelon costume , an apple fell .
right in front of us , the red apple turned purple .
kino protested , let him i imagine an apple dangling from a tree .
a beautiful , red , luscious apple .
breakfast is served , he said , taking a large red apple and beginning to eat it .
you had that dream again last night , he said without looking up , his hands restlessly fiddling with an apple he picked up .
she paused , picking up one of the apples and then began to talk again .
then he places a bottle of apple juice in front of me .
all i can do is continue to sip the apple juice , making a slurping sound as the juice is drawn up the straw into my throat .
you ve should ve sent me away before i had a bite of the apple , but now its too late .
there are two walls of viewing windows , where i can barely seek the tall green apple tree between the spidery cracks of clear glass narrowing my eyelashes .
there was a bowlful of ripe apples and kiwi buttressed by condiments for sandwich making .
an apple launched from the hightower boys and landed perfectly into his palm .
he shoved an impossible amount of the apple into his gaping mouth , juice dribbling out like little horns .
rosenthal held the apple out .
rosenthal chucked away the half - eaten apple .
nikolas could see his pruny adams apple shaking as he tried to keep back the tears .
thousands of jellyfish , as small as apples and as bright as the noonday sun , shot from the fortress into the dark waters .
stanton discovered a lonely packet of ginger biscuits in one cupboard and emptied the fruit bowl of its contents , 2 apples , 3 bananas and a pear .
his huge adams apple glugs at the tea .
she removed two apple red chopsticks from her bag , easily manipulated her nearly waist length black hair into a bun and placed her huge , white noise - canceling headphones on her head .
she smiled at him and took an apple with her .
suddenly she felt like eating , and the apple was the most delicious thing she had ever bitten into .
frankly speaking , a girl needed two good apple fathers to cancel out the mother who was rotten to the core .
mmmmand maybe some apple crisp .
prepping the green apples was first on my list .
though my eyes stayed locked on the apples i was cutting on the thick slab of butcher - block , every one of my chops mirrored the frustration i felt in regards to my dear , sweet mother .
french toast and baked apple crisp , i replied as i ran around the kitchen gathering up all the rest of the items i needed from the fridge and the cabinets .
once all the apples had been bathed in the oatmeal mixture , i topped them off with some flour , sugar , and cinnamon .
i peeled back the aluminum foil and took a whiff of the piping hot apple crisp .
daddy nodded in agreement , unable to talk through his heaping scoop of apple crisp .
yes , i confirmed , and apple crisp .
well , i m off to whip up a pot of apple cider .
two steamy cups of apple cider were already waiting for us .
my stomach began to rumble , forcing me to acknowledge that all i d thrown into it today was one blueberry pancake and a few cups of apple cider .
well , the apple does nt fall far from the talisman tree .
a cord tied snugly around his neck held a muted reddish - orange stone that pressed firmly against his adams apple .
dizzy filled five cups with orange juice and grabbed a few apples and bananas , while steve loaded up on donuts , muffins , and bagels .
darius led peyton to the very base of the tree , branches hanging just over their heads , leaves and apples dangling around them .
darius reached up and gently held an apple in the palm of his hand , but did not pluck it from its branch .
apples on a tree ?
a few feet away , she saw a man in an expensive suit standing under the branches of the giant apple tree .
he looked to be in his mid - fifties and was reaching up to an apple that hung over his head .
the man was staring up at the apple as though it was a precious gem .
reaching up , he gently wrapped his fingers around the apple and pulled .
the branch seemed unwilling to give up the apple at first , but then finally let go and snapped back , the leaves rustling quietly .
the business man held the apple in his hand and was staring down at it in wonder , but as peyton watched , a dark substance began to ooze from the branch , from exactly where the apple had been picked .
the business man held the apple in his hand and was staring down at it in wonder , but as peyton watched , a dark substance began to ooze from the branch , from exactly where the apple had been picked .
he was instantly sucked into the tree branch and was gone , the apple he had picked now returned to its place in the leaves .
no one else seemed to have noticed , but she saw several others picking apples all around .
they walked together towards an elderly woman who had wrapped her hand around an apple , but was now letting go and lowering her hand , staring at the apple , shaking her head slightly .
they walked together towards an elderly woman who had wrapped her hand around an apple , but was now letting go and lowering her hand , staring at the apple , shaking her head slightly .
peyton blinked and suddenly found herself no longer looking at a giant apple tree , but a much smaller garden , somewhat darker , as though the sun had set some , but it was only due to the sudden disappearance of the light given by the enormous tree .
i stand beside rann petting and stroking her long silky white mane then produce an apple .
sitting on the sofa , they spread out the meal of cheese , fresh bread , and two large slices of home - made apple pie .
the flames licked the apple logs , glowing green and blue at the bottom and fanning into orange and yellow tongues across the top .
` ` here you go , '' he said , slipping an apple from his bag .
he undid the straps on the heavy saddle , rubbing down the disrupted hairs and pulling an apple from the pouch .
i look around and recognize the boxes all have different familiar labels , i see boxes with apples , boxes with horseshoes and even little blue boxes , i suddenly realize exactly what is happening .
a woman brushed passed them with a bright red apple stuck between her bouncing bosoms .
i think the apple is in danger of being devoured for lunch by her breasts , fiona said .
we head over there and see sydney sitting in a chair with a violin case at her feet , eating an apple .
i eat the fooda bologna sandwich and some apple slicesbut keep the water for later .
forget that for a sec , i say taking a bite of an apple , the sour taste dissolving in my mouth .
and suddenly i found myself only two inches tall , cowering on top of a moldy apple core under the table at the back of the room , while the massive black cat raced toward me with hatred in its eyes .
with a scream of horror , i leapt off the moldy apple core and tore across the room .
when the strap reached the floor i let go , letting the speed of the swing propel me at amazing velocity back toward the apple core under the table that i had started from .
i grumbled as i plowed past the apple core and looked desperately for a hiding place at the back of the classroom .
now however , it felt like my normal , fleshy neck with an embarrassingly large adam 's apple .
we met when she accidentally dropped her apples on my garden .
i helped her pick her apples down by the bushes .
a little boy dressed in plain t - shirt and jeans sneaked past three ladies , who were busy picking an apple from the fruit stand .
there was an old house , surrounded by thick apple trees that had the largest apples i had ever seen .
there was an old house , surrounded by thick apple trees that had the largest apples i had ever seen .
i wanted to pick those apples , but the invisible hand tugged my hand across the field , and pried me to the door .
fresh bread , hard cheese and apple cider filled out the meal .
the indomitable stave simply handed out hard cheese , bread and apples for a cold supper .
it was real nice meeting you monica , good luck at the apple farm .
and apples , we are going to an apple orchard after all .
and apples , we are going to an apple orchard after all .
steve jobs used his experience at a commune in an apple orchard as the inspiration behind the name of his little computer company .
it had been a long time since he d had an apple .
if shadowvin could down that disgusting stew last night without making faces and vomiting , he could accept an apple .
he took another bite of his apple and watched quove on her branch .
sorren rolled the apple from his flesh - and - blood hand into his mechanical hand and held it tightly , almost crushing it .
sorren took another bite of the apple , wiping the juice that dripped down his chin .
get some rest , sorren said , tossing his half eaten apple out into the forest and grabbing his spear .
she outta be lying on a silver tray with an apple in her mouth surrounded by garnish .
* * * seven - fifty five apple blossom lane was an address inside the apple blossom trailer park near the marina .
* * * seven - fifty five apple blossom lane was an address inside the apple blossom trailer park near the marina .
it looked similar to something we called apples .
chapter twenty - nine after the third day of walking behind stass cart , trying to avoid the horse apples , as stas called them , the two stout ponies generously left in his way , and more than occasionally being called on to push the cart from behind to help it up a steep stretch of trail , justin was ready to call it all in .
anyway , my night was boring , carley said , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl and sitting on the counter while i finished the dishes .
chaperoned by robin , the teens rang in the new year with sparkling apple juice and pizza .
sometimes , i used to help myself to an apple from their tree .
i stared up to him only to find an adams apple .
adams apple .
its like an apple and a jackfruit over there .
i should have just let them take my apples .
he hoped she did nt see his adams apple bob .
rey sat down and the apple inside his bag lunch hit the table .
we tried drinking coke , and apple juice , and water .
well , there s a bad apple in every basket .
he felt his adams apple bob .
rey nodded , feeling his adams apple bob .
we had a huge feast prepared for the guests including fresh bread , lamb , fruits like figs and apples , vegetables , and of course beer and wine .
its sparkling apple cider .
i began preparing our plates of food , while taylor poured us some sparkling apple cider .
the bathtub was filled with bubbles and smelled of apple cinnamon .
chewy ducked a beefy arm sliding closer to the sidewalk where brown - spotted apples lay strewn about from a pair of nearby trees .
chewy punted a riper one at tom that bounced off his shoulder , spraying mushed apple everywhere .
kent lifted a particularly brown apple , holding it near chewys face .
suit yourself , kent said , shoving the apple against chewys nose and mouth , cutting off his oxygen .
he felt rivulets of juice run down his chin , tasting only rotten apple .
the grumblys had no chance to counterattack after that last scuffle with the apples , nor question him about how he had entered the school early the day before .
he pulled a bag of quartered apples , another of thick cheese slices , and some peanut butter crackers from one side , and 4 water bottles from the other .
its a horse apple , ron replied .
if that s a horse apple , i d like to see the horse that dropped it , he said dryly .
ron grabbed a hunk of cheese , paired it with an apple slice and popped the whole thing in his mouth , washing it down with a gulp of water .
he sat up and fortified himself with another slice of apple .
he d seen the big horse apples before , but did nt think much of them .
in his saddlebags , he carried a small horse apple and in his shirt pocket , a telegram .
i m supposed to be interested in a dang horse apple , win win ?
win win said you re right , its a horse apple .
why would anyone in their right mind pay that amount of money for horse apple seeds ?
he offered them a job collecting horse apples .
collect horse apples ?
granted , it was when lough accidentally spilled apple pie on his lap , but he might have done it on purpose just to see her smile , because he looked ridiculously happy for an hour after that .
i just sat there alone , eating a green apple .
` ` oh yeah , that grandmother of yours made the best apple pie in the county , probably even the state , if you ask me . ''
` ` a granola bar and an apple . ''
towering red and white canes , hard candies , twisted red licorice sticks , green trees full of candy apples .
instead , i sip tepid apple juice while i wait for test results in the boring place that 's become my temporary home .
mom asks , handing me a new novel to read while retrieving my apple juice cup .
i stared at the growing crowd , as bright pink and violet dressed piranhas stalked quickly to the apple of their eyes .
i pointed at the massive apple monitor we had set up in my mother 's spare bedroom .
wait a moment the woman said , turning around and running back to the kitchen , coming back seconds later with a basket full of red apples .
hand me one of those apples , i ' ve had my eye on them since we left the house .
luna sat down and placed the basket between them , picking out an apple for herself .
yes , i can also make apple jam .
and each month , ebur would offer in her outstretched hands a gift of an apple , a sign of her heart , leaving the window open for the birds of the night to feast upon .
her breath smells of apples .
i can taste apples .
the smell of burnt apple pie and smoke pouring out the sides of the oven .
the red of a candy apple in a child 's grubby fist .
dad pierces the painting and cuts it like he 's slicing an apple for his kid 's snack .
i open the glass case and pull out an apple danish .
i swallow a bit of apple danish .
look here , if we start on the left substituting a t for this tuna sandwich , and then next to this is an apple , so that s t - a .
trish picks up her apple .
right now , please settle for a glass of apple juice .
what would you like , lemonade , iced tea , apple juice , or water ?
one filled with lemonade , one with iced tea , one with apple juice , and one with water .
there are too many of us here in prison that tried to catch the apple but caught the worm , too many of us that done bit it more than once .
besides , you have to access the fourth to supersede the fifth , naturally apples . ''
putter 's , however , made an apple pie out of nothing but salted crackers that could fool you every time , if you did n't look too hard .
we had a couple pieces of that mock apple pie , stolen on our way through the kitchen , and i was wishing i 'd stolen some coffee , too .
fuel to make power , power to pull a train over a mountain , over a mountain and to a big city as ripe and ready to be plucked as any apple ever to grow on any tree !
i drank my coffee and sliced off cheese , topping it with quarters of apple and pear .
she smiled when she was happy , or amused , or even just content , and now she was smiling as she sat in her office reviewing her materials and munching on the apple slices she had brought for breakfast .
if this becomes a distraction , my apologies in advance ; if ( as i hope will be the case ) you find yourself wishing to know more , there is a remedy : the apples of aeden epic , set in the present time and based on the historical source book , the ennead of aeden .
the brothers remained silent , and encouraged , calibur went on , even excrement when mixed with plant matter , feeds the worms and produces fine dark compost in which good women grow cabbages and carrots and apples , and all good things .
many of rosas sisters had already thus shuffled off the gravecloths of this life , and found final peace , and their wombs had been burned in sacrifice to the void , and their ashes scattered to fertilise the ground where the apples of forgetfulness grew .
and just as a star burns more brightly as it falls into a black hole , or the sky flames with rich colours at sunset , so the sisters of renunciation felt great joy as they ate the apples of forgetfulness and waited for the final release of death , sitting together in the shade of the sadly creaking thorns and singing hymns to the void .
he became aware that she was holding out an apple .
did i not warn you of the apples ?
with a great effort he lowered the apple , and said , i can not deny life .
the shepherd wished him well , and departed , after feeding him with cheese made from sheeps milk , and bread and cider , which was made , he said , from the apples which grew in the blessed orchards of the lady by lake avalon .
and if a would - be rescuer were to somehow avoid being entangled by the threshing tendrils and cut the branches which held him fast , the sap still coursing through his veins , containing the same drug as the apples of forgetfulness , only far stronger , would torment him as it ran out ; and eventually he would shrivel and die as a branch that is cut off from the vine .
back to top 13 the faerie child as the lovers journeyed together back to avalon , accompanied by chiseller , rosa began to suffer the pangs of withdrawal from the apples of forgetfulness , and from all the teachings of false comfort in the void , and she was sick and shivered even in the heat of the sun so that calibur feared for her life , and by night she was assailed by demons that only she could see , and her womb cramped until she begged for the phagzagira to come and take it from her , and then fumbled to find a knife or any sharp thing , and finding none , broke down and wept for the child she had never had .
the child you have long yearned for will enter it this very month when the apples set on the trees in the sacred groves of avalon .
then he knew that she was healed , and the sun warmed them as they lay together under the apple tree and the blossoms glowed like snow .
that month was their honeymoon , and as the apples set in the sacred groves of avalon , as the lady had foretold , rosa conceived .
the end how to find out more about the lost world of aeden , ainenia , the tree of life , the aghmaath , the void , the makers , the templars , and much more the most pleasurable way we know is to get hold of the apples of aeden - volume one , the girl and the guardian -and begin reading .
what some early readers have said about apples of aeden : this enchanting tale will help to shape the renaissance mythology for the new millennium .
he walked down the carpeted stairs into the dark kitchen and inhaled the residual , clashing scents of baked sole and apple pie .
apple does nt fall far from the tree .
oh , and there are some apples and bananas in my office - i 'll fix you something , shall i ? ''
he passed through the market , stopping along the way to buy an apple .
foster stepped in and tossed the man an apple .
patrick became fixated on those blue eyes , nicely complemented by erins rosy , apple cheeks .
most of louisas recollections of the genesis story of the serpent came from works of art ; most clearly showing a snake , perhaps a python , wrapped around an apple tree .
nil8 : shit , thought you were in big apple code : what ?
why big apple ?
his cheeks blazed like two bright red apples , his body one single tense muscle .
the bees buzz in my head and the apples are falling from the trees .
a bologna and cheese sandwich , apple slices , and chocolate pudding .
for example , i can quote you this entire letter ; partly , of course , because it lived on the fridge door for years , so it was in my face every time i reached for an apple .
he drinks shallowly from a bottle of port , finds an apple in his swag , rolls a cigarette and smokes it .
prince of the apple towns .
if anyone ever looked at me like that , i resolved like i was the suspect apple in the bin i would turn to stone and fall on them with all my might .
he s as blind as an apple .
i remembered the poem ( or at least bits of the poem ) shed read over garlic prince of the apple towns ; i sang in my chains .
patty undid her backpack and pulled out fresh , red apples , fudge graham crackers , and gatorade and they ate , sitting cross - legged .
coming down for lunch at 2 , he dug out a sheet of his sketching paper and began a map of the place , which he took back up with him after quaffing two glasses of mrs . franklins fine cabernet , and gobbling an apple and a baguette with fromage .
she squatted there by the sliding door for a few minutes before digging in her cooler for an apple .
her trembling lips were apple red .
you ca nt mix apples and oranges .
after taking a sip of his four ounce cup of apple juice , he jumped back into that novel ...
tucked under her arm she held a clipboard laden with papers , and one hand nervously twitched a pen like a watch spring , while the other clutched a red squeeze bottle filled with apple juice .
she took a swig of her apple juice .
and she offered him her apple juice with a lame smile .
mack decided he d best take this threat seriously , so , after making a final offering of breakfast oats and mealy apples , he set off on foot to zeke breather general store and junkyard .
i told you he d forget good thing we found him dr . greco , its time for you to judge the apple pie contest .
after greeting the eagerly waiting bakers , i walked behind greco as he made a complete circuit of the long table with no less than 16 delicious - looking ( and smelling ) apple pies .
third , fillingthe apple filling should be moderately sweet and any cinnamony overtones or other added spice flavors are a bonus if they blend well .
ask people if an apple will always fall to the earth once it breaks free from the tree and one hundred normal adults will all tell you that it will .
a mystic will tell you that he himself could levitate the apple if he wanted to .
full of apples smell here .
now i m dead and they glutted my grave with apples instead of soil ?
when i stand up , all apples fall down one by one .
when i turn my head , i am punched with an apple !
everywhere is full of apples on the taksim square , in every hole of taksim .
children are wallowing in the apples .
i take an apple and bite it .
another apple my head is punched with .
they say that all marketplaces were plundered last night and some took all apples into here .
what brighten these apples that much are spits of carriers , they say also .
and another apple is on my head , but this time i caught who throws me .
as soon as he sees me , he is being afraid of me and runs away , mingles in with his close relatives and lets the expensive flowers fly between apples .
whoever i see , they only eat apple .
some also find salt to eat apple with , and some extract apple juice to put on their skins .
some also find salt to eat apple with , and some extract apple juice to put on their skins .
i take two steps toward the subway , am afraid of stepping on apples .
if she was , i would feel the apple smell of her hair to the hilt .
her apple smelling red hair and the lesson i got late for it .
nar again sopped her in apple juice .
does she put her hair in a bucket full of apple juice every morning ?
nar even does nt move her finger , just excretes her apple scent through my nose .
and the same smells the apple aroma of eraser scents from nars hair i turn my right , i see a girl with scarlet hair is sleeping in other sleeping bag .
she , who used to not need help to do anything , who could accomplish whatever she put her mind to , needs help to make the simplest decision like how many apples to buy for the week .
cheese , milk , eggs she s already had her egg for the day , thank you bread , jam , a couple of apples .
she s tired and cranky and overwhelmed with the amount of information she has to learn and remember about garbage and with having to make a decision about where to put every item of trash , including the batteries she s just found that had rolled behind an apple on the counter .
the two of them looked like kids who had just been caught stealing apples from a neighbors tree .
i thought of an apple , one was now in my hand .
long , silky , blond hair reached to the bottom of her back above her round and firm apple bottom .
alas , the apple of his eye is kidnapped .
his adams apple protruded above the collar of his shirt and his wrists , too , showed knobbly bones where they emerged from his suit jacket .
his grey suit was tight on the shoulders , the knot of his tie refined to a small point positioned exactly on his adams apple .
crossing wide pennsylvania avenue , they had to dodge wagons and also what stod had euphemistically called horse apples .
he opened the basket to reveal freshly baked bread , a wedge of cheese , and apples .
a ham sandwich , an apple , some strawberries , unsweetened lemonade .
she declared she and peggy would make a go of it even if they could nt get help for the fall apple harvest .
and from what sue said , picking was the easy part in producing decent apple brandy .
and pick apples ?
she saw his adams apple work .
an apple mac desktop with a tv sized screen stood at one corner .
ten years later he had seven apps on the top hundred apple iphone apps list , and it was widely believed that apple had incorporated one of his rejected apps into the architecture of the new iphone 4 .
doc was the uk security services go - to guy for anything apple , be it ipad , ipod or iphone .
eloise showed doc the large screen apple desktop pc and switched it on .
gillian miles smiled as her finger traced the hair trigger , the cross hairs still set on the presidents adams apple .
still like apple martinis ?
he waved the bartender over and ordered an apple martini for her and another coors for himself .
an apple rolled away , looked up , an old tree house sitting there in the strong old trees .
another apple flew down .
and each one has the shape of a very tiny acorn or even an apple .
the curious hole in the nut makes it look like a tiny apple that s been cored .
we have to get everything into apple pie order for a hand - over , probably starting quite soon .
it truly is a sight to behold ; the big apple in all its glory .
and as no visit to the museum would be complete without taking time to attend the planetarium ; we duly buy our tickets and enjoy a ride through the big bang the day passes without any drama and we return to our room to freshen up , its about 5 pm and we fully intend to return to the big apple night life as soon as we can .
i ditch the rental car and take greyhound up to the big apple .
and representing americas good ol apple pie right wing ... howell , you look like you d make a good mad dog militia member .
eat blueberry and apple pie between each round fired .
the water is refreshing , along with the smell of green apple soap .
it was the story of eden all over again : an innocent man does his best to lead a godly life only to be led astray by eve , buck naked with a snake round her neck and an evil apple in hand , just begging to be tossed from the garden .
the late founder of the once famous apple firm , steve jobs , hacked his way to fame .
the apple fell far from the tree with that one .
beesely eased up from his office chair and opened the fridge , retrieving a cold can of apple juice .
up on the mountain , the air smelled fresher , there were more breezes , and there was the faintest smell of apples .
she looked at the apple tree that sat in the yard and remembered eating apples from it when she was little .
she looked at the apple tree that sat in the yard and remembered eating apples from it when she was little .
it was sharp , demanding , and penetrated his ears like a knife when it first cuts into an apple .
the real issue was that ambassadors and diplomats everywhere hate to have things like this connect to them as it upsets their apple cart with no benefit to their own interests .
now , the next guest is the head of apple .
luckily , a month after his move back to the big apple , he met a new friend in a local friday night bara very pretty young lady who flew helicopters for a sightseeing company in manhattan .
microsoft came up often , as did apple .
the secret plans came from microsoft , apple , boeing , lockheed martin , volkswagen , siemens , honda , toyota and even the roebels electronic business in san diego .
microsoft , dell , apple , and other large american companies started to consider getting complete products made in china .
since 2008 , we have been able to increase our profits on apple iphones and dell computer parts from 1.7 percent to 3.9 percent , and that massive profit increase has led us to complete solvency with our most current and most dangerous enemy , our forward - thinking chinese government .
we sent the best to america and these people gave us everything from dos to apple iphones , from microsoft to sun microsystems , and from chevrolet to nasas space programs .
we packed sandwiches , potato chips , cookies , and an apple for each of youalso a six - pack of cold cokes .
so were all apple productsiphones , and imacs and so on .
there was silence as the little girl and her puppy ate whatever was given to themthe little girl had some cheese and an apple , and the puppy gulped down the rest of the brick of cheese .
his bottle clashed against wesleys and he lifted it to his mouth and poured it down his throat , his adams apple bobbing as he swallowed .
the next speaker shoved his chair back , took a whistling sip , his adams apple bobbing as he swallowed .
the sun was beginning to crest in the distance and all the while the pope fought off the cough that lingered just below his adams apple .
he pulled an apple out of his black jacket and rubbed it on his jeans after breathing on it with an annoying huff .
still refusing to blink or look away , bobby bit into his apple with a crunch and began chewing with his mouth open .
the pope arched an eyebrow from above his hand , which he defensively held over his mouth , the tickle threatening to claw his adams apple from his throat again .
she wanted to see an extra swallow on his adams apple .
i bit into an apple and munched .
i finished my apple and tossed it into the trash .
the smell of apples and cinnamon floated in the air .
i grabbed an apple tart , somehow untouched in the chaos .
there mike discovered some more stash , fifty water bottles and fifty apples .
one big mac , one apple , one water and one fry .
she positioned her right knee expertly over his throat and thrust it into his adams apple rendering him unconscious .
then , in the fall there s apple picking or grape stomping , and in the winter snow like were having now .
mike and andy ate dinner , complete with her julian apple pie .
fifteen minutes later they pulled into sams driveway behind a jeep that looked just like andys tweety bird except it was painted candy apple red .
mr . summer has also reported apples stolen from trees at the far end of his orchard and the theft of chickens and eggs .
yes , i did notice something in the advertiser , west said , addressing himself to a piece of apple pie .
peeling potatoes , or apples , or shelling peas , for instance .
there was the soft smacking sound of a ripe apple being thrown hard at a brick wall and the hand fell away from shane 's sleeve as trevor morton staggered away backwards from the blow , dropping first to his knees and then on to his face without any attempt to break his fall .
but do nt you for one minute think that there are nt any bad apples in every cart .
` ` well , your urine appears to be apple juice .
cold apple juice , in fact .
did you say cold apple juice ?
` ` yes , like apple juice . ''
tom settling for an apple , courtney having one of tom 's unbelievably delicious turkey sandwiches .
he had ordered three sandwiches , two fries , two apple pies and a large sweet tea .
` ` hmph , '' said caroline , taking a seat on an old apple crate .
the closer she got to the dining room , the deeper the breaths she took , the aroma of fresh baked apple pie becoming stronger with each step .
what do you say to some fresh apple pie a la mode ?
jamie suppressed the smile crossing her lips by taking a bite of the now soggy apple pie .
her cherry apple , blood red lip stick is smeared around her mouth .
after tommys pool stunt had scared away susan , dragging nancy with her , we fixed ourselves some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , threw a couple apples into our lunch bags , and headed out the door on our way to sorrento beach .
they sat eating peanuts , raisins , apples , then lay on the warm rock with the sun on their faces .
* * * chapter 34 the guard at the entrance nibbled languidly at his apple when pieter entered the building , soaking wet , and asked for vince smith .
the man pointed , dripping apple in his hand , towards the stairs saying : second floor .
nevertheless we were able to correct the situation and thanks to the efforts of some stubborn people we were able to identify the guilty ones , the rotten apples .
around us , most of the farms had either sold out to developers who d left the land vacant in the housing market crash of 07 and 08 , or were apple orchards contracted to local firms that employed migrant workers during the harvest .
yesterday , after completing our civic duty by casting ballots that did nt matter , would nt make a dent in the electoral tally from new yorkweighed down as we were by the liberal leanings of the big apple to the southeasthed stopped the car outside the polling place , turned to me and said , just theoretically , suppose somebody did do something .
usually a pumpkin or apple pie .
we had gone looking for a missing fourteen - year - old girl called carly jennings , a bright - eyed and vivacious child who was the apple of her parents eyes .
after patching reid up , he had gone on to ask excitedly about the bullet wound in my chest ; he had faltered somewhat in the face of our stares and , adams apple bobbing wildly in his skinny throat , left quickly to go save lives elsewhere in the emergency department .
pratt was skinny , virtually devoid of facial hair and had a bobbing adams apple that could have sunk the titanic ; meyer appeared to be the type who grew a five oclock shadow ten minutes after a shave .
the hall murmured with the fizz of champagne , the clink of silver knives and forks as people ate succulent steaks , cakes of corn bread , fresh salad , and a selection of pies ; apple pie , cherry pie , blueberry pie , all served with a side of delicious vanilla ice cream .
danny was evelyn 's son and the apple of her eye .
elite was the latest and greatest in high tech companies and had been founded by a handful of young , preppie programmers who had left microsoft or ibm or apple , i could nt remember .
ill have an apple martini .
give us two apple martinis .
if the captain and blue both ordered apple martinis , there d be no way to distinguish one from the other , and tre would have to come up with a way to differentiate the drinks if he was going to spike the captains drink and not mix it up with blues .
food booths hauled out hot dogs and freshly made candy apples dripped with caramel .
he was always talking about some girls apple bottom on mtv like it was the greatest creation on earth .
he landed hard in a cart he felt was fortunate to be loaded with apples rather than something less forgiving .
taking another breath of clean air , he smelled the sharp sweetness of the apples he crushed as he d landed .
eagerly , he drew the apple - scented air in through his nostrils , letting the scent cleanse his sinuses of the caustic soot he d been breathing inside the building .
smiling to himself , he fell back onto the apples and waited .
i m just saying that maybe you re a target because you upset the apple cart .
they had smoked fish and french bread , cheese and apples , cakes and raisins and chocolates .
` and we 'll give you plenty of apple sauce and yogurt for al , ' said bergitta .
i mean , did newton really watch an apple fall and intuitively sense it was responding to some invisible force ?
standing there looking at the silver case , kenji asano saw the apple fall from the tree .
they decoder up in apple town 's got ta be goin ' apeshit .
jim bob allowed as how he 'd arrived in the big apple four years earlier with a cardboard suitcase , a finance degree from georgia tech , and a larger than regulation endowment of natural cunning .
it was like the apple in the garden of eden : bite into it and out would spew the knowledge of good and evil .
this , he knew , was eva 's favorite , made with water from the niva river and flavored with pear leaves and crimean apples as well as a touch of brandy and a dash of port .
johan hansen , whose perfect white hair and granite chin made him look every inch a chief of state , had mixed feelings about his trips to the big apple .
think different an apple advertisement recommended , while a tata poster was still more emphatic : reclaim your life !
this is not about a few bad apples , you know .
they ate apples and pears , they gloated in white lace blouse with embroidered collars and short skirts .
beside the bed the guard had delivered a tray of bread and jam and an apple .
robbie left the room and returned a few moments later with a tray containing the usual fare : tea , bread , jam , an apple and water .
he stared at nathanials prominent adams apple , at his milky white skin .
clair ran her hand along his cute face , down his warm neck , over his sharp adams apple .
the ball was red and shiny and a little smaller than an apple .
probably an iphone-4s from apple , it had an a5 chip that made it twice faster than the iphone-4 and also a dual - core with several times better graphics .
it was time to accept a bite from the apple , as egregious an act as it might represent .
` ` is that apple and rhubarb ? ''
` ` ill have a big mac , large fries , large coke , two apple pies and '' he returned to danni who was by now laughing so much she could nt have said a word even if she wanted to .
she had commit - ted one of the most horrendous acts of violence and depravity he had ever seen on another human being , and she was sitting there as though he had accused her of stealing an apple .
nameless andrew thought he resembled a withered apple from which the substance was completely gone .
chapter 6 walter startled in his chair , a half - eaten apple stuck to the teeth of his bottom jaw .
a light breeze blew through the trees and danced apple blossom across a blue sky , but gabriel could not see it .
well its not exactly on the map , janelle grinned , sipping on a sour apple vodka .
everything about the night was already massacred beyond recognition anyway , and even though i could taste the stale scents of cigarette smoke , shampoo , a bit of sweat , and the fading flavor of sour apple lingering in the air , i was nt about to let anyones issues get me down .
watching the three of them leave the police department i had to say to myself , i do nt think the apple fell too far from the tree .
the inventory list included a dell computer , an apple computer , two flat monitors , a sony digital camera , vhs video cassettes , numerous games and game cassettes , and numerous pictures from various places around the room , including photographs of nude boys .
i know that my cheeks got red as an apple .
she went back to her apple laptop and decided to go on twittershed most likely find some information there and she needed to be kept busy .
right kind of land -- with oil -- you eat apple pie with the big boys .
a beige shroud , tucked over his adams apple , covered the rest of him .
` ` sad to say , detective , there 's a lot of bad apples out there .
michel took a bite from an apple and chewed on it reflectively .
he took another bite from his apple .
it looked as though there could be apples , peaches , and pears in the fall .
as autumn approached , the fruit in the little orchard began to ripen and ed carefully picked the apples and peaches and a few pears .
they gathered almost two full bushel baskets of apples , carefully wrapped each apple in newspaper and put them into a flat box to store under one of the beds .
they gathered almost two full bushel baskets of apples , carefully wrapped each apple in newspaper and put them into a flat box to store under one of the beds .
those with bad places , she turned into apple jelly .
candy decided she wanted mcnuggets , fries , an apple turnover and ice cream .
jimmy and ellen rose started walking towards the backyard when they realized anna bell and abby gail were still standing by the apple tree .
when joseph wilkins arrived home he could see ellen rose playing with some kids out by the apple tree .
wellfirst there was mrs . mccatneyyou knowwho owns that apple orchard that do nt grow nuthin anymore .
she s the apple of my eye .
the kid had a nasty mullet , and the magazine had a picture of a honey with an ipod covering her hooch and the words apple vs google , or some other intolerable kind of bullshit written across her breasts .
i ' m here trying to coordinate a rescue for the poor pickles who happened to fall into the apple cider . ''
the world famous rooftop garden atop the rockefeller center has begun hosting tomato plants , with plans to add lettuce and apples in the near future .
in the new twist of events , the new greenery of the big apple had started to turn the city that never sleeps into an unlikely producer of big apples .
in the new twist of events , the new greenery of the big apple had started to turn the city that never sleeps into an unlikely producer of big apples .
he still felt , twenty years on from his last days of practice in the big apple , that he was in new orleans through duty rather than choice .
i ve brought something simple to start with , apple sauce and ice cream .
nurse sophia nodded and approached gastonish with the tray of clean dressings and a small dish of apple sauce .
squinting her eyes to see , gastonish looked at the dish of apple sauce and ice cream and beside it was a spoon , but she had no idea how to work a spoon .
when fully under the covers once more , gastonish stared down at the ice cream and apple sauce set before her .
sally threw me an apple .
a big bag of lunch meat , a package of cheese slices , mayo , mustard , a loaf of bread , apples , paper plates , and a plastic spoon .
poor schmucks , usually scrawny googly - eyed nerds with oversized adams apples and way too much trivia packed into their noggins .
she looked worried for a moment , then sat back , picking up an apple and taking a crunchy bite .
she sat back , still chewing apple , crossing her eyes slightly as she always did when thinking deeply .
* below is coetzees manuscript : a small note on a manuscript and a rotten apple my mother always said that everything started somewhere with a manuscript , in the back of the line of all why was always a manuscript .
my father always stated firmly that my creation was dependent on a rotten apple in a kiosk outside the empire state building in new york city .
he complained about the apple which he had bought with the result that he missed his flight home to stockholm > overnighted at an airport hotel where he got help booking a new flight via frankfurt > a storm concentrated in frankfurt marooned my father again > pissed off he went into the town > got drunk at the nearest bierstube > got into an intense argument about the origin of the letter c in latin of all things > woke up at frankfurt hauptbahnhof > took the train home to sweden > few weeks later , he sat in his office ( he was a graduate student then ) and wondered what type of beer he had drunk in frankfurt > when he did nt remember , he went to the pub tudor arms on stermalm ( which had many beers ) > after having plowed through the range , he found nothing > when he was about to go there was a football match in the europe championship on between west germany and spain , and he stayed because he wanted to see the germans lose > to the game a party of four arrived who sat next to my father .
i am the rotten apple in this story .
they shot lettuce and rotten apples to the wall next to the church of santa maria del popolo .
andr said that he d snacked at the reception , shed had a small bite before leaving and so could manage only a pastry , so they d headed to caf monteaucon where shed ordered an apple tart and mineral water and he just a coffee .
a slice of lemon and an apple wedge were lying close by .
i could top things off by serving apple fritters with a chocolate - caramel sauce .
a half - empty pitcher of sangra , apple wedges , lemon peels , and orange slices littered the coffee table in the servants lounge .
a red apple rammed into its mouth , forcing its face into a smile .
he chews about a thousand billion times before his adams apple finally pistons it away .
his fist crunches straight into masons throat , a direct blow to the adams apple .
it sticks up from his waist like a babys arm holding an apple .
her lips crinkle as though she were chewing on a bitter apple .
she would know not to upset the apple cart .
total ridership in japan was about 176 million per year , and the california swiftrail authority was projecting a ridership of nearly two - thirds that , despite the apples and oranges population density comparison .
jesse looked at ernie who suddenly and swiftly punched jesse in his adams apple .
they celebrated with a bottle of sparkling apple cider as the doctor had never been a drinker and william had resolved early on to give up all alcohol , and even his cigarettes , in order to present gnter with the most immaculate semen possible .
an update on the newly raging war in iraq , the launch of apple 's itunes service , and the march across of the world of the deadly sars virus crowded the front page .
cyanide , on the other hand , is usually made as a synthetic chemical , although traces of it can be found in some seeds , including those of apples .
the establishment provided three square meals a day , but it was always nice to have a chocolate biscuit , a slice of cake , or a piece of apple pie with a cup of tea on an evening , and apart from issued tvs , we also had our own little fridge in our room as well .
the sun has dipped down again now though , another day gone , and i have retreated to a small pub back across the river called the apple tree .
as i stood like a guilty child caught scrumping apples in the western orchard , it became apparent that the abbott had somebody in there with him .
i exclaimed and helped myself to an apple .
the only likeable curiosity he saw was a student peddling a wreck of a bike with his girlfriend riding side - saddle on the rear baggage carrier not something you would see too often in the big apple , or even in bike loving san francisco , but it did make him smile .
upmarket jeans , a red rugby sweater , a woman 's blouse , and an apple powerbook on the bedside table .
next to the apple harmful was a scene he had never come across before in his life .
john gulped slightly , the movement of his adam 's apple betraying his nerves .
cen got right into it , dancing like a man with a large apple rammed up his bum .
show them this card and speak in your best german , asking for a tour of the apple cider plant .
without the slightest hint of a smile she dropped it somewhere behind her counter and pulled out a garish pamphlet with cartoon apples and jugs on the front .
there were more than just apple trees on the place .
the old man was a little nervous about them poking around the apple cider presses , but when preston began discussing the various pieces of equipment and maintenance , he relaxed visibly .
so while angie practiced framing shots with high contrast and visually appealing angles , preston learned about pressing and juicing apples , separating the solids and the fermentation process .
regardless whatever else she and her husband were doing , they still had to make a living and fixing the cracked joint before the system pressured up and blew apple juice all over the building saved them all kinds of money .
in one province that was once the northwestern portion of the united states , just outside of apple , the largest metropolis is aela .
he griped the seat with one hand and fingered his adams apple with the other .
going back inside , he was about to pick up the phone but changed his mind and picked up an apple instead .
finally , after taking two bites of the apple , he made his decision .
the white high gloss units were organised along walls decorated in a deep toffee apple red .
it landed at the side of the hospital bed , it 's apple logo looking forlorn and skewed on the crumpled plastic .
i added proud of the knowledge i 'd acquired from the helpful apple salesman ...
amys mother had complained about amys weight her entire life while simultaneously feeding her homemade apple pie , muffins and cookies .
he looked through the hole in the corner of the box and could see an apple still laying inside .
like a siren beckoning a sailor on to the rocks , she had whispered sweet nothings in his ear , and like a fool , he had taken a bite of the apple .
her little sister was the apple in their eye .
you made the uniform eat the apple ; only god did not punish you as he did the serpent .
do you have to watch out in the big apple though ?
inside , planner finished off a manuscript called the planner on his apple macbook .
the kitties had taken to me like ants to an apple core and where i walked , they were always there swirling around my feet .
in a fit of generosity , she pressed a couple of russet skinned apples into their hands .
he grunted , examining the browning apple cores through the transparent bag .
it looks like a fine day in the apple , but i think i just had a bite of worm .
the computer looks pretty innocent with the glowing apple on it ( fruit often does ) , but lately it has n't been kind to me .
property in new york sells itself and through his father 's agency he has enough contacts to always have wealthy clients knocking on his door , ready to pay a hefty sum for a slice of the big apple .
at fox news , the announcers were ranting about terrorism coming to the united states , saying , it hit the boston marathon and now it has raised its ugly head at a place more american than apple pie .
dessert included apple , cherry , and peach pie .
the church was surrounded by one of the marks many apple orchards .
chapter 19 that evening as i sat at my kitchenette counter eating dinner , listening to the early mozart channel on apple tv and thinking over the days events , penny worthe knocked at the door .
today , he enjoys the freedom to write fiction , unconstrained by facts , while overlooking a small apple orchard .
if you want to put an apple on your head , i m game , jasmine joked .
momentarily thought was lost and windsor violently bit into the girls face as if her face were a polished apple .
these are some fucked up apples peter and joe bob .
instead , this was an apple falling onto newton 's noggin .
i grab an apple , two chocolate chip cookies , and a big glass of milk .
and six boxes of tree top apple juice .
i sat down to the waffles and a cup of steaming apple cider and read the paper .
unfortunately a few bad apples tend to use the uniform for personal monetary gain or influence .
his throat felt tight , swollen and misshapen on either side of his adams apple .
after dressing in their overalls , they headed for the mess where a breakfast bowl of cold lumpy porridge and an apple was served to fortify them .
that it is nt just a few bad apples , sir .
major corporate logos danced in the air - microsoft , google , yahoo , apple , facebook .
kind of like turing , who saw snow white a hundred times and died of a poison apple , jen said .
he made it to his knees when a large brown hand clamped onto his adams apple .
that one guy was sliced like an apple .
near a grove of live oak trees , he stopped and ate a sandwich and apple he d gotten at a little grocery along the way .
and if a war does eventually break out between america and fuhrerland , there will be tanks and jeeps and all sorts of hardware that will require painting and there will be no company considered more apple pie than oregon prime .
the kitchen , dining room composite was the first room ; it smelt of baking and there was a fruit bowl on the unclothed teak table , neatly arranged with apples , pears oranges and berries .
the only way shed reassure herself that i did nt have mooch in the oven with an apple in his mouth was by seeing that i had the four - legged furballs best interests at heart .
hanks farmhouse and apple store came into view as daniel turned into the parking lot .
indy smiled up at her and pointed to a neighbours piece of apple pie on the counter beside him .
while his waitress was off getting the apple pie , indy looked around the small diner for joslyn .
i d hate to see the apple cart tipped over at this stage of the game . ''
he reached down , pulled open the small white drawer underneath his bacon , and pulled out an apple and orange .
he sat down at the breakfast table , crying as he sliced the apple into quarters , finally feeling some hope come into his life .
he picked up the apple and said ; ` ` you know , i ' m full .
i also found an apple and two oranges in the mini - fridge .
derrick takes the pocket knife and cuts up the apple , and peels an orange .
brought up with a strict lutheran background , this was her first time in the big apple .
by comparison , it was apples to oranges to watermelons .
his adam 's apple prominent and protruding .
she threw her head back to drain her drink , and it made the voice box stick out on her sinewy neck almost like a mans adams apple .
short coat flapping in the cold breeze , black turtleneck hugging his adams apple , hand on his right hip , he had to present as a cop , he thought .
now the man was poised to dive into some kind of apple turnover buried in whipped cream .
another piece of that apple thing for my friend .
salinowsky lingered over the apple strudel .
and when they do , well wan na be in the neighborhood to claim our bite of the apple .
it was like being an apple plucked from a tree filled with apples to sit amongst a bushel of peaches .
it was like being an apple plucked from a tree filled with apples to sit amongst a bushel of peaches .
to use your metaphor , i guess because the peaches expect me to be an apple .
i just found out that i m not an apple ; i m an orange .
she looked down at his wrist and picked it up again , massaging it like a bruised apple .
me : black coffee and apple pie with melted yellow cheese .
she was thirteen years younger than me and the apple of my eye .
taylor entered , and the tall deputy followed , wearing a black ball cap ; his large nose , over - bite , protruding adam 's apple , and slight hunch made him look like a cartoon vulture .
after leaving the bathroom , bill picked up an apple from the kitchen and headed back to the office .
chapter fifteen in september , you remember , ' neath the old apple tree .
ill be with you in apple blossom time neville fleeson & albert von tilzer and we walked .
coben swallows hard , his adams apple bobbing up and down in his skinny neck .
in the past this time of year was normally for apples and farm markets , but yet again the harvest had been bad with the usual predictable rise in food prices .
perhaps i could stay to watch the ball drop in the big apple this year . ''
he wondered blithely if maybe they were engineered by apple .
` ` apple and pumpkin . ''
there are other applications that will help you , including several jail - broken modifications that apple would frown upon if they knew of their existence .
` ` stay for some apple pie ?
star of bethlehem for processing and releasing past traumas , crab apple for cleansing , mimulus to give you the courage to face your fears , pine to help you stop blaming yourself so much , and wild rose to bring back your interest in life and sense of purpose .
i blocked a punch by the third man and countered with a shot to his neck , just above the sternum and just below his adams apple in the soft fleshy spot that offers little to no protection .
i wrapped my left hand around his throat from the side , letting my thumb slide just below his adams apple .
three huge apple trees stood in front of the house , with leaves turning orange - yellow , many had fallen to the grass along with some rotten apples .
three huge apple trees stood in front of the house , with leaves turning orange - yellow , many had fallen to the grass along with some rotten apples .
he saw some brats steal apples off a tree .
' if a client wished to pay you three thousand pounds to drive a transit van full of apples to edinburgh you could accept , even though you knew nothing of apples ? '
' if a client wished to pay you three thousand pounds to drive a transit van full of apples to edinburgh you could accept , even though you knew nothing of apples ? '
' they 'd be very expensive apples at that price . '
like the smell of apple pie just out of the oven should bring back memories for most people , and then elicit related emotions .
the people up there now operating the property are apple growers .
they built a greenhouse down in the valley , and planted three varieties of apple trees all around down there .
they are making an apple cider energy drink .
he opened the lid , showing me a plate of freshly grilled pork and onions , sliced apples , and several pieces of fresh bread .
there were trays of fresh sliced apple , peaches , and cherries placed in front of each of us , filling the room with wonderful aromas .
each held a succulent roasted pheasant with sweet apple - plum sauce , caramelized garden vegetables , and freshly baked bread .
two servants then rushed in carrying a huge roasted hog , complete with a green apple in its mouth .
` ` thank you for coming to the house , maxwell , '' she said , placing a fancy plate topped with a piece of apple pie in front of me .
` ` i have n't had apple pie in ages . ''
jaw - long 's face was impassive , though i saw his adam 's apple bob a few times .
she wore a hat over long hair and was sitting on a headstone , chawing on a crab apple .
he was a mechanic , most of all , an occupation which did nt exactly bring to mind images of musty living rooms and apple pie , sifting through piles of stamps .
the old womans entire house smelled of fresh baked apple pie , and the four of them - the old lady and her three respondents to the ad - were up past dawn sifting through piles of stamps .
susan orders a smirnoff apple for her second round , but he never even finishes his first .
he is just fine , too , with her taking the nifty candy apple red convertible - of his six vehicles , the only one she is handed the keys to outright - and filling up her afternoons driving around to visit all her old middlefork friends .
he extracts a box cutter from his car and slashes jagged ridges into all four tires of walters company van , and then for good measure recalling the putrid candy apple red sports car with the plates that read char gal , which her parents were paying for anyway , insurance included scott punctures one of her turbo action radials too .
the previous night , he had even made sure that klara had bread and cheese and an apple sitting ready for her breakfast on the table , covered with a cloth .
he might as well have done the two fingers to his eyes and then pointing at me thing since that s what his expression said : you re the killers son , and we all know the apple never falls far from the tree .
the apple did nt fall far from the tree on that one .
that sister of yours makes the worlds best apple pie .
the apple butter you gave us last fall lasted all winter .
he handed grace a bottle of apple juice and an energy bar and rushed to answer the phone .
the entire setup rivaled any of the best new york had to offer and the contingent of guests equaled or surpassed any high society gathering held in the big apple .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * there was a small party going on at the atlanta journal constitution.jason sample and sandra jenkins were toasting their victory with sparkling apple cider.they had a full workday ahead of them.wendy cox had a shot of the good stuff.it was a very old and expensive brandy that she had received as a gift when she had passed the bar exam.her tradition had always been to toast every victory with a small shot glass of the stuff she called liquid gold.wendy held up her shot glass and announced , to the ajc , may it wreak havoc forever .
one day at a time , '' jason said , patting brian on the back.sandra handed him a glass of apple cider .
` ` this is our headquarters whenever we 're in the apple , '' phil said .
he learns all sorts of things about his father ( we finally find out what s in that lock box ) and that the apple has nt fallen all that far from the tree .
` ` coffee and an apple pie ? ''
caitlin swallowed hard , it almost appearing as though she had an adams apple under the soft moonlight , and said , i m sorry thomas .
i glanced around for a discarded apple core or a slithering snake , but saw neither .
come to think of it , i was excited about my balls being crushed into my adams apple .
i grab an apple , two chocolate chips cookies , and a big glass of milk .
he nodded as he watched stan pull out an apple and take a bite .
a realization dropped on shane like the apple falling from a tree and landing on isaac newton ; he needed the monster inside him and the monster needed him .
if they want you , they 'll have you , trussed up with an apple in your mouth , turning slowly over the coals . ''
why upset the apple cart ?
the only school that could possibly have retained such bad apples was reform school .
a towering beanpole murmured with his overgrown adams apple .
blood gushed from the long slit above his adams apple .
murdock takes you into the underbelly of the big apple of 1970 .
he was clean shaven from his adams apple to the nape of his neck : no mustache , no goatee , and no eyebrows ; no hair of any type adorned his skin .
his adams apple bobbed up then down slowly .
his face holds last weeks black rough scruff encompassing a pair of nostril holes around two apple cheekbones then down to his throat .
one is of him dumping a basket of apples over his blond head and another of him wearing the emptied basket like a hat .
the tray is occupied by a couple of bits of roast beef , vegetables , mash potato , and there is even a small apple crumble with custard for dessert .
a portion of the balcony was missing , and the front of the house in that fifteen feet - wide section , floor to roof , was missing , exposing the interior , as if removed by a giant apple corer .
platters of bratwurst , sauerkraut , schnitzel ... pitchers of beer , and black forest cake with apple strudel as dessert satisfied even the strongest of appetites .
the big apple is quite something . ''
anyway , mums all apples .
she looked at her apple - red palms and thought she might be sick .
bread and warm milk and apple pie and all that shit .
kern county dust rolled in with okie jalopies and customized hot rods of hand rubbed red and yellow candy - apple lacquer , and mingled with the moonlight and perfume and pomade and teenage sweat and beer and cigarette smoke and cokes , and made it all abstract .
balding , thin , with a large nose and a prominent adam 's apple , he reminded me of a vulture .
ignoring my ribbing , doug downed his juice in one big gulp , his large adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
an apple imac mb952ll/ a 27 - inch desktop attached to every desk .
there were baked apples topped with gooey marshmallow .
they had enormous adams apples and shockingly long penises that hung limp against their thighs .
she was like apples and perfume .
ezra shifted himself to reveal his other hand toher , and the yet to be sliced apple it held .
but first , can we celebrate with something other than old apples ? ''
she contemplated telling him about her previous mind state , about just how close she had come to shooting him down for trying to cut an apple .
they went through a small orchard , apple trees , mcbride guessed , their now leafless branches shaking in the breeze .
pears and apples .
i noticed that there was no television in the room , but there was an apple computer with a huge screen .
faye saw her eyes go to the good old - fashioned stew was simmering on the hob and the apple pie cooling on the side .
or , they inherited a real bad apple when they got married .
in another part of the bel air mansion , two hundred people dined on game hens , heart of palm salad , lobster bisque , and crme fraiche atop apple tartlets .
i also wondered how fierce the pain would be if i were to hit someone in the adams apple .
i finger the writing and a crude drawing next to the word : it looks like a simplified sketch of an apple , made of two ovals joined together by a straight line , representing the stalk , and with a small oval leaf .
- it is a stylised apple , as in the christian creation story you know , the one which the snake used to tempt adam and eve , i inform him brightly .
on the top right hand corner of the page , i notice the same apple symbol as on the cd - rom .
hendrik , not knowing the truth , was certainly ecstatic you became the apple of his eye !
with each beat of his heart , more blood oozed from the perfect line across his adams apple .
the man chuckled again and his bowtie bounced with his adams apple .
do n't let the apple fall too close to the tree now . ''
my bestest friend heather told me , a couple of days later , that she overheard some older guy down at the coffee shop saying something about how that dale shaw was a bad apple .
` ` well not meetin ' him would be a good thing hon , 'cause even before this recent run of craziness he 's pulled , he 's always been a bad apple .
always chasin ' after those less than ripe apples .
like it runs in the family or the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
jerrick did nt see the house because a six - foot solid , blue fence hid it while apple and pear trees poked above the fence , displaying their unripened fruit .
apple and pear trees surrounded the house .
russian potato salad contained sliced apples , making it sweet .
owning property is as american as apple pie .
the president held up an electronic device that looked like an apple iphone , but it was slightly larger .
the cupboards were filled with supplies ; cans of food , packets of dried milk , coffee , baking materials , a box of vegetables , another box of apples and other fruit all crammed on every available shelf .
she grabbed an apple to munch , sat down , took off her wet shoes and socks and sat back for a moment to relieve aching bones .
there on the mat was the half - eaten apple she was munching when she fell asleep .
maggie is in a half - life light , broken occasionally by the irregular crystal flash from her glass of apple juice .
the apple of maggie heard 's eye is one jock cascarino , once a little fish in a big glaswegian pool of criminality , now the fattest catfish lurking at the bottom of barnstaple 's muddy puddle .
she does nt want apple juice right now .
he is centre stage , in the spotlight , the apple of a thousand eyes , but he sees nothing beyond the footlights .
vendors plied the gaps with heads piled high with consumer goods of every orderbicycle tires , electrical adapters , apples .
she pulled out an enormous apple , so red and shiny it seemed to produce its own light , and her favorite book .
it had been years since she or anyone she knew had eaten a fresh apple .
i ' ve already given my statement to the police , so if you want to find out about that day , ask them , '' he said as he got an apple from the fridge .
sure , it was nt the times , just the apple tribune , but still , he was in the heart of it all , covering feature stories in the city of a million stories .
madison picked an apple out of the basket on the table and munched on it .
i got the refrigerator door opened , downed a three quarter full bottle of apple juice , immediately started to urinate , watched the arc of it collapse into the tile , the mist wet the base of the cabinet next to the dishwasher , watched it foam and listened until the foam had gone quiet , until everything settled .
the exhilaration of seeing someonea live personsmashed his loneliness like an apple hitting a semi .
the meeting with leyton drisdale had completed all of his immediate business in new york , and after assuring himself that his own offices were running perfectly adequately without his day - to - day presence , he made a decision that the thing that he was currently most in need of lay , not in the big apple , but in a small bed in an anonymous apartment block in the outskirts the new korean capital .
her apple cheeks resonated with joy .
a lonely tear trickled down her apple cheek .
the apple did nt fall far from the tree .
they found refuge in an apple orchard and waited for the first train to montreal at daybreak .
and he was sure a force that could get behind the enemy lines of iran , would nt have any difficulty penetrating an apple orchard in glenn falls , new york .
do nt worry , teacher , i should be on time , and ill bring an apple in case i m a bit late .
bad apple pie , if i remember rightly .
or should i say bad apple crumble .
at first , his place smelled like a rotten apple .
then it smelled like a bushel full of rotten apples .
i washed my hair with apple and cinnamon scented shampoo .
the apples , cinnamon , tea tree oil and apricot were long gone .
this fourth - rate painting of an apple or a heart or something rested on a whatever you call it .
her strength was in her silly beliefs about conrado , justice , the american way , hard work , the lone ranger , baseball and apple pie .
lucas laughed at it all , not caring because he knew that , yes , he was looking for the precious , that one discovery that would make them the apple , the microsoft of the age .
the political parties pounced on the statement , questioning why ploof was n't reigned in earlier , and both left and right wingnuts deemed blockers to be public enemy number one , replacing muslims as the primary threat to baseball , apple pie , and wall street .
the short breaths of anxiety , the quivering lips and eyes , the bouncing adam 's apple , and the shaking hands , all of it made pazzo pity him .
after downing half the package and three glasses of milk , samantha brushed the crumbs into the industrial sized sink , leapt from the counter and hid the evidence of her dirty deed beneath the apples .
ugh , she used to love apples before arriving .
candied apples were also a dime .
grace , honor 's younger sister , was drop - dead beautiful and had been the apple of their father 's eye when he was alive .
langdon smiled , pacing before the blackboard , chewing an apple .
langdon took another bite of apple .
` ` apple pie , '' he said .
the apples were cold and the crust was leathery and the ice cream had melted all over the plate .
it seemed eve 's bite from the apple of knowledge was a debt women were doomed to pay for eternity .
midwives also were killed for their heretical practice of using medical knowledge to ease the pain of childbirth - a suffering , the church claimed , that was god 's rightful punishment for eve 's partaking of the apple of knowledge , thus giving birth to the idea of original sin .
how can i be of serv - ` ` the rest of the sentence lodged somewhere beneath his adam 's apple .
it was man , not god , who created the concept of ` ` original sin , '' whereby eve tasted of the apple and caused the downfall of the human race .
nor did one need a background in symbolism to understand that snow white - a princess who fell from grace after partaking of a poisoned apple - was a clear allusion to the downfall of eve in the garden of eden .
like a taunting silhouette emerging from the fog , the branches of britain 's oldest apple tree burgeoned with five - petaled blossoms , all glistening like venus .
they spelled a five - letter word : apple .
the orb that ought be on newton 's tomb could be none other than the rosy apple that fell from heaven , struck newton on the head , and inspired his life 's work .
tolland had reloaded the bang - stick with another shell , and now held the jagged , smoldering point to his attacker 's adam 's apple .
i remember the donovan kids took selena n joe junior sleddin with em christmas afternoon , and how selena come home from three hours on sunrise hill with her cheeks as red as apples and her eyes sparkling like diamonds .
maybe when you get done here , you 'd like to come down and try a slice of the apple pie i brought over from the mainland .
like apples are different from oranges . ''
the scenery is stunning -- ragged mountain peaks , lakeside vineyards and olive groves , valleys carpeted with apple orchards , and thousands of square miles of protected forests .
there was a twisted ring hinged in the mouth of a lion and positioned to strike down on a nail head as big as an apple .
jade was working on a glass of apple juice .
apples to apples , it would be like policing new york city with a half - sized nypd .
apples to apples , it would be like policing new york city with a half - sized nypd .
it 's like throwing a bag of apples down the stairs .
` ` apple pie , '' reacher said .
- that charming expression , ` ` the apple of my eye '' , and i gave her all she wanted .
jimson weed ( datura stramonium ) : variety of thorn apple plant , found in n. africa , india .
d. stramonium 's apples are smoked by arabs and swahilis , leaves eaten by e. african negroes , seeds added to hashish and leaves to hemp by bengalese indians .
he had the apple cheeks and wise kindly eyes of his counterparts in scotland and the tyrol .
' a for apple and c for charlie , ' said the chief of staff , and rang off .
chapter xvii the undertaker 's wind paw - paw with a slice of green lime , a dish piled with red bananas , purple star - apples and tangerines , scrambled eggs and bacon , blue mountain coffee - the most delicious in the world - jamaican marmalade , almost black , and guava jelly .
you are a boy climbing down an apple tree .
on his dressing table was a large , ornate basket of fruit - tangerines , grapefruit , pink bananas , soursop , star - apples and even a couple of hothouse nectarines .
it was the deadly hand - edge blow to the adam 's apple , delivered with the fingers locked into a blade , that had been the standby of the commandos .
i ' m having the baked virginia ham with red - eye gravy , apple pie with ice cream , and iced coffee .
a voluminous octagon rose 160 feet at its center , its eight sides finished in chocolate - brown tennessee marble , cream - colored siena marble , and apple - red algerian marble .
the liquid was now creeping over his adam 's apple , and langdon could feel his level of terror rising along with it .
crumpled up in a sweaty ball at the bottom was my gym uniform , old lunch bags , candy wrappers , a month - old apple core that was browning nicely , and a pair of ratty black sneakers .
like an apple you thought was good and then bit into a worm hole .
but by the time you make fifteen you begin to eat the poisoned apples that grow on your own inner tree of pain .
the bible says the snake tempted eve with the apple .
edgar did the fantastic apple 1984 commercial , and ... oh , lots of others .
he had barely made it around the corner when he felt a sharp pain on his adam 's apple and realized he was scratching again .
lunch was a cold wrinkled apple and a square of swiss cheese , which was about all her refrigerator had to offer .
for the rest of his life , the smell of fresh apples cooking in butter brought back an instant , vivid image of his mother .
she was standing in the kitchen cooking apple tarts for him .
he could smell her wonderful musky female odor mingled with the smell of apples cooking in butter , and she was saying , god wants you to be famous .
but someone obviously did not think so , because a month later , tony was found floating in the los angeles river with an apple stuffed in his mouth .
for dessert , they ate yoblochnaya , the incredibly delicious apple charlotte pastry with apricot sauce .
she prepared fillet of pork cooked in beer and flavored with cumin , and served it with a fat baked apple , cored and peeled , the center filled with airelles , the little red berries .
her breasts looked a little like puckered apples , and they sagged a bit .
damian was tall and rake thin with a prominent nose and adam 's apple .
one night a week they went out to an inexpensive restaurant for dinner - stephenson 's old apple farm or the cafe max for mediterranean specialties .
on her way home , ashley stopped and parked her car in front of the apple tree book house .
` ` symantec , microsoft , apple .
he explained to toni , ` ` it is a local dish , duckling cooked in calvados and stuffed with apples . ''
` ` a is for apple , '' she said .
the first day at lunch , the other children took out their colorful little lunch pails and pulled out apples and cookies and sandwiches wrapped in wax paper .
a steak cost one pound four shillings , a potato was four shillings and a piece of apple pie ten shillings .
kate walked over to the window , opened it and selected an apple from the sill outside .
they went by orchards of apple , cherry , and plum trees , and farms noisy with the sounds of chickens , pigs , and goats .
in his hand he held his beret , which was bulging with tomatoes , grapes , and apples .
he handed her an apple .
former millionaires were committing suicide , and executives were selling apples in the streets .
in front of it is a little cupola with a largish bell inside a bell the size of an apple basket , say .
the two island pumpers are apple green .
mostly they 're the concentrates ursula spoke of pour water over the powder and then gag it down but there are also cartons filled with packages of cereal , a basket of apples , and several bags of potatoes .
these are cafeteria - sized cans of apple juice .
each label reads ` ` mccall 's brand '' above a picture of a ripe apple .
below the apple are the words ` ` grade a fancy . ''
the ripe apple on the labels has been replaced by a black cane with a silver wolfs head .
she 's at the door , back to him , when billy turns with the big can of apple juice .
we see the heavy can of apple juice actually start an arc of descent that would mime the one described by linoge 's hands , and then it stops .
she approached and admired his apples and cherries .
she bought three apples , smiled broadly , and warmed to him .
bennie motioned to a round table with a bowl of bright green apples in the center , but kyle refused to sit or remove his jacket .
nothing from microsoft or apple .
he pushed through the front door and was greeted by the sweet smell of yeast bread and apple - cinnamon .
meaning you were sitting at the end of the bar , drinking some sort of apple fizz .
as he got closer , he saw that the beverages came from around the world : fruksoda , a lemon - lime drink from sweden ; appletize , a fizzy apple juice from south africa ; mazaa , a mango - flavored beverage from india ; even titan , a gooseberry - flavored soda from mexico .
how do you like them apples ? ''
i ' m told it stems from an old trick apple growers used , placing their best specimens on top of a barrel they were selling , while underneath there were rotten ones . ''
` ` true , or at least i have to take your word for it , eve and the apple being your foundation- '' ` ` male chauvinist , '' interrupted de vries , laughing and gently jabbing his thigh .
` ` the apple was n't our idea , lady . ''
adam stole the apple , amerikaner . ''
contentedly munching a crisp apple purchased from the ferry 's snack bar , her attention was lost in the book resting on her crossed knee .
maybe it would be wiser to eat this apple one bite at a time , keeping smyslov as an ally .
` ` nothing , i ... '' cevik paused in the crisscross shadows of an adams flowering crab apple .
if my hunch on the signal disinformation proves correct , here 's another set of theories : either hytner was framed by the real mole , or he was n't the only rotten apple in our barrel . ''
he placed the pad of his right thumb against khoury 's adam 's apple and pressed down until something vital popped .
the second man was on him , but arkadin drove a cocked elbow into his adam 's apple .
he tipped the blade forward until the point touched the skin above bourne 's adam 's apple .
at that moment fausto appeared from a doorway on the other side of the garden , his gun aimed at bourne , who pressed his thumb into hererra 's adam 's apple and said , ' i have no desire to hurt you , but i will know who tried to kill me on bali . '
why did she feel like eve taking the apple of knowledge ?
his knobby adam 's apple bobbed spastically as he drank .
until bourne lifted an elbow , jamming it into the sniper 's adam 's apple .
the gunman heard him , shoved the heel of his hand into bourne 's adam 's apple , choking him .
his cheeks were apple red and he smiled warmly at the children skating on either side of them , laughing when they laughed , giving encouragement when one of them fell .
dr . mitten was a tall , thin man with narrow shoulders , a wisp of a comb - over , and a neck with a prominent adam 's apple that bobbed comically when he spoke or swallowed .
it is one of those well - meant social programmes that has many benefits , but on occasion also has its very rotten apples , as you americans say . '
regardless , our major sleaze knew a rotten apple when the worm emerged and spat in his face , so he hied himself off to logan 's control tower , where he found a bribable off duty traffic controller who checked yesterday morning 's schedules .
lino adds some truffles , some parmesan , a few sliced apples ... '' at that point franco 's words faded as he kissed the tips of his fingers .
waiting on the platform was krater , nonchalantly eating an apple with one hand and holding a newspaper with the other .
glint pointed to his apple next to the typewriter .
he asked , eating the last bite of an apple danish .
the apples and bananas and grapes were and # 8226 ; wrapped in green cellophane , and looked pretty sitting next to a rather large and expensive arrangement of colorful flowers sent by the concerned friends at ark - lon fixtures .
each stores his apples as he goes along . '
whitehall and moore both are piling up apples ...
you could have visited in the fall and raked leaves and drunk apple cider and then come back in the summer and loaded a ten - year - old station wagon with a canoe and headed for a lake somewhere .
` ` one bad apple , '' she said .
dessert was apple pie , and then we had coffee .
mitch found an apple on nina 's desk and rubbed it clean .
he ate an apple .
4:14 a.m. thurmont , maryland a light wind rustled through bushes and trees , carrying the stink of apples rotting on the ground .
the length of the forefinger in relation to the middle finger , the precise length of each arm , the exact distance from chin to adam 's apple .
on her hands were cotton gloves , now gray and sooty , which might once have been a debutante 's , and as she rummaged through the plastic bottles and skeins of cellophane and apple cores and banana peels and crumpled advertising flyers , the gloves grew even dirtier .
he grabbed an apple from a wooden bowl on a table , along with a copy of the day 's new york times .
he retreated to the far side of the room , munched on his apple , and sat , one eye on the newspaper , the other on the agents .
malone finished his apple and kept the newspaper open before him .
he braced himself to react , noting that the thick wooden table supporting the apples and newspapers could be used to break their advance .
six wyatt waited in the grand hyatt 's busy lobby , filled with tourists here for a weekend in the big apple , now made that much more exciting by someone trying to kill the president of the united states .
over coffee and fried apple pies , their preacher , reverend thurston small , parked in the street and made his way to the porch .
sunshine spread down steep slopes and threw long shadows across the old hacienda 's sprawling apple orchards and terraced patios .
` ` now , spell out the phrase the apple rolls far from the tree . ''
he then inserted the sentence the apple rolls far from the tree .
trees and rolling apples were not in cipher able fashion .
a shadowy orchard of old , gnarled apple trees hugged the castle .
the lights of farmhouses and manor houses sparkled intermittently through the apple orchards and the outbuildings and barns that probably housed equipment to make the cider and calvados for which the region was famous .
using arm and hand signals , abu auda urged his men through the old apple orchard and up the incline toward the wide gateway between two low towers .
she halted , the top of her head level with his adam 's apple .
` ` i drove to the grocery and bought a bag of apples and some diet pills .
a few bites of this and that , with sliced apples and carrots when hunger hit .
the first is an apple ipad , mine courtesy of the government , and already registered to max .
for lunch she feeds me two of her tasteless turkey sandwiches and an apple .
box lunches containing soggy little sandwiches and red apples were passed out by gloria lane and her staff .
` ` welcome to the big apple , '' she said loudly , then laughed crazily , bombed out of her mind .
cornflakes , two percent milk , a strip of bacon , and apple juice for herself .
night wett vom stamm , my people say - the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
volunteers passed out blankets and walked among the throng , handing out apples .
as they shuffled along , the bowl was filled with soup , half a sandwich was placed on the plate , then an apple and a small cookie were added .
a cup of apple juice was waiting at the end .
from the looks of his girth , mordecai had not maintained a diet of vegetable soup and apples .
he finally said , ` ` you got more apple juice ? ''
one by one they walked by the serving table , took an apple or an orange , and left the basement .
looking for real american - style apple pie ?
` ` green tea , with a hint of apple .
then she went down to the kitchen and ate her lunch , which was an apple and a square of reduced - fat cheese , and then she went back upstairs and brushed her teeth again and thought about makeup .
dropped the apple core into the waste disposal and stacked the plate in the dishwasher .
like you believe in mom and apple pie ? '
( three years ago a moldy oldie named irving christie had a minor heart attack after doing a particularly strenuous lindyhop to ` ` do n't sit under the apple tree with anyone else but me . '' )
it 's a worm - hole in the apple of existence , leading all the way down into the furnace - lands .
he makes a watery hitching sound and his adam 's apple bobs up and down .
` ` he 'll see that the apple polishers are weeded out personally .
he was on thirty - day leave and now he was going to new york city , the big apple , to see the sights and tour the singles bars .
and when he came back , sally would be like a big ripe apple herself , ripe and ready to fall .
and eddie delgardo probably would have beaten the crap out of him , because instead of touring the singles bars ( and the massage parlors , and the times square porno shops ) during the big apple segment of his leave , he was going to spend most of it in a drug - induced state of total recall , describing over and over again what had happened before and just after his shoes got hot .
her father was a minister who told her again and again as a little girl that sex inside marriage was a necessary evil , that sex outside marriage was hell and damnation , that sex was the apple of original sin .
if he was hungry and she was hungry and there was only an apple , he would take one bite and make her eat the rest .
they finished off with slices of apple pie garnished with wedges of cheddar - irv offering his opinion that ` ` apple pie without a piece of cheese is like a smooch without a squeeze . ''
they finished off with slices of apple pie garnished with wedges of cheddar - irv offering his opinion that ` ` apple pie without a piece of cheese is like a smooch without a squeeze . ''
not long after they crossed the vermont state line they saw men riding ladders like masts in tossing apple trees and trucks in the orchards filled with bushel baskets of macs .
what appeared to be a long needle was sticking out of charlie 's throat just below the adam 's apple .
they were rotten apples .
` ` dream on , '' i said , spitting out each word as though it were a hunk of poisoned apple .
melinda 's eyes lighted up with interest , and she began to talk apples , oysters , and chestnuts .
elise always rushed her food down and then demanded to be released , like it was a terrible burden to be trapped in such tranquil domesticity , but those brief mornings held a sweetness for me that i can still taste , even trapped in my tiny cell , with saturdays bringing nothing more than an extra apple on my breakfast tray ; grapefruit juice instead of orange .
she saw five jugs of water in a corner , and beside them , a box filled with bags of potato chips , apples , candy bars , and packs of crackers .
through the open windows , the night air swept in , carrying the scent of decaying leaves and sour apples and the odor of a dairy farm .
his adam 's apple rolled in his throat .
jerrod came over and brought her a bagged lunch - sandwich , apple , clif bar .
she unzipped his parka , reached into an inner pocket , and plucked out an olive - colored ball the size of an apple and weighing just under a pound .
on the wide plates of its browned pelvis lay minute femurs and tibias and ribs , a skull the size of an apple , phalanges no thicker than matches , and when she realized these constituted the bones of a mother and its fetus , abigail broke down .
she was sucking a green lollipop that wafted a bizarrely scented amalgamation of apples and whiskey .
his arms were stronger than mine , and as he leaned against the door frame , he took an aggressive bite out of a large burgundy apple .
as he bit again into the apple , orson began to walk up a short hallway .
he squeezed the trigger - click - and took a bite of his apple .
` ` and grandmom 's house was next to this apple orchard .
it was early autumn , and schools and church groups would come for the day to hamby 's orchard to pick apples and pumpkins , and buy cider and take hayrides .
we 'd steal apples , climb on his tractors , play in the mountains of hay he stored in his barns .
some of the apples have soured , but most are perfect , and we stroll through the orchard , eating these ripened sun - warmed beauties , just having a helluva time .
then we run back through the orchard toward grandmom 's , sick on apples and ... '' i see us on that brisk autumn night , as vividly as i see us sitting here now , climbing back over that wooden fence , both wearing overalls and matching long - sleeved turtlenecks .
` ` you bit into a bad apple , and now you think all apples taste that way , but they do n't , '' he said with the swagger of someone who knows they 're right .
` ` you bit into a bad apple , and now you think all apples taste that way , but they do n't , '' he said with the swagger of someone who knows they 're right .
` ` maybe some people just like the taste of rotten apples . ''
his adam 's apple rolled in his throat and his hands shook .
she saw his adam 's apple roll .
it smelled like rancid apple sauce , but i was so hungry .
he fed me four bites out of the baby - food jar , and i had just begun to suspect that it was n't apple sauce after all , but some other putrid fruit or vegetable , spoiled beyond recognition , when he set the jar aside .
they had two candy bars each and several apples , shared a gallon of water from a glass jug .
my eyes traced the movement of his adam 's apple .
from the men with baskets of freshly picked apples or pheasants hanging on twine around their necks , to the tradesmen who merely deposited baskets on the quayside and hollered at visiting deck - hands , to the women with fabric , persuading jack - tars they were getting a bargain .
there was a bowl of apples , too .
some apples ?
my steed - and it seems only right that i should give her a name and so , in honour of the way she 's already starting to nuzzle me when in need of an apple , i ' ve called her scratch - lies nearby , her eyes closed , and seems content , and i write in my journal .
my prey was much better equipped for the journey than i was , with my half a loaf of bread and apples .
ezio drew comfort and satisfaction from the fact - and he shared this dark knowledge with machiavelli and leonardo alone - that the apple of eden , which had fallen into his care , and which had caused so much anguish and death in the battle for its possession , was buried and hidden deep in the vaults below the church of san nicola in carcere , in a secret sealed room whose location they had marked only with the sacred symbols of the brotherhood - which only a future assassin would be able to discern , let alone decipher .
this apple of eden must be understood .
` ` your forebear altair had the apple of eden in his control for sixty years , ezio .
he knew the apple was safely buried in a church crypt in rome - he and machiavelli had seen to that .
he had not experienced such a feeling of awe since he had last handled the apple , and he already seemed to know what it was he was handling .
ezio drew in a breath as he recognized the object - it was - surely - the apple of eden .
it is called the apple of eden .
today , he used the apple in an attempt to enslave masyaf .
the apple is safe in al mualim 's study .
there , on the parapet of a tall tower , stood abbas , and the apple was in his hand .
he pointed to where abbas was standing , holding the apple aloft .
but abbas was already staring into the apple 's glow .
he began to shake , violently , as the power of the apple swept into him , taking him over .
abbas crumpled to the ground with a despairing cry , as the apple tumbled from his grasp , sending a final violent shock wave out from the tower as it did so .
in it , secure , was the apple .
` ` i did not know ... '' altair turned his gaze back from the man to the apple , resting in his hand .
said altair , addressing the apple as if it were a sensate thing .
` ` i should have expelled him thirty years ago when he tried to steal the apple . ''
this retort gave abbas pause , but after a moment 's reflection he said , in a lower tone : ` ` surrender the apple , altair , and i will tell you why your son was put to death . ''
abbas wants the apple for himself .
and he took the apple from the pouch at his side and held it up high .
abbas 's eyes flashed at the sight of the apple , but he hesitated before signaling to his bodyguard to go and take it from altair 's gaunt hand .
in his hand , the apple exploded with the light of a bursting star .
his eyes became normal again , and the apple withdrew its light , becoming dark and dull , inert in his hand .
` ` take the apple ! ''
` ` darim - i still have the apple .
` ` i will have the apple , altair !
` ` you have wasted your life staring into that accursed apple , dreaming only of your own glory . ''
` ` abbas - it is true that i have learned many things from the apple .
the apple is more than a catalogue of that which preceded us .
what does the apple say ? ''
in it , on a bed of brown velvet , lay the apple .
i have let it be known that this apple was first hidden in cyprus , then lost at sea , dropped in the ocean ... this apple must not be discovered until it is time ...
i have let it be known that this apple was first hidden in cyprus , then lost at sea , dropped in the ocean ... this apple must not be discovered until it is time ...
altair took the apple from the box , a thing no bigger than a kickball , and transferred it quickly to the pedestal .
` ` another apple ? ''
he studied the apple for a moment .
but then the apple flared into life , its light blinding him .
the apple still rested on its pedestal within the alcove , cold and dead .
this is the apple .
the apple , the piece of eden ?
he screamed - and found that he was being raised from the ground , imprisoned by a shimmering cone of bright light controlled by the outstretched hand of al mualim , the apple pulsing like a muscle flexing and tensing .
the apple pulsed in response and the light seemed to press in on him , restricting him even more .
above him on the library balcony , al mualim was raising the apple above his head , intoning something .
he still held the apple .
he was unafraid - unafraid because he had the apple , which was burning even more brightly .
he stood , trying to regain his breath , feeling exhausted now , then once again he was embraced by the power of the apple , which sparkled and throbbed in al mualim 's hand .
the glow of the apple cast his face in a ghastly hue .
it was not the machinations of eris that spawned the trojan war , but this ... ' he held up the apple .
the apple , his wounds , his exhaustion : all were combining slowly but surely to cripple him .
but the old man was letting the apple make him careless .
the apple was sapping altair 's strength but was it doing the same to its user ?
how well did the old man understand the apple ?
as he raised his head to look at altair , the assassin saw in his eyes that he knew the apple had been sapping his strength and that altair had noticed .
the apple had rolled from al mualim 's outstretched hand .
as though a huge bolt of energy flowed from it that lit the apple and travelled up his arm , right into his chest .
the apple throbbed and seemed to pulse and altair began to see images .
then the apple was enveloped by a corona of light that spread outwards until altair saw that he was looking at a globe , a huge globe , that hung in the still air of the garden , slowly spinning and radiating warm , golden light .
with barely a glance at the body of al mualim , they stood hypnotized by the apple .
he readied himself to dash the apple against the stone , still unable to take his eyes from the spinning image , finding it hard to make his arm heed the command of his brain .
altair decided it a fitting spot to use for the care and storage of his work - thousands of journals filled with assassin learning , knowledge gleaned from the apple . '
' the apple . '
no , altair did not destroy the apple straight away .
' chiefly he had written of the apple .
nevertheless , altair wondered how he would find the strength to destroy the apple if and when the time came .
he was determined that no one else should ever possess the apple , or any others like it .
' the apple is well hidden , ' he told her , thinking that in fact it was not .
maria piped up from behind them : ' and we can certainly trust the assassins to put the apple , the piece of eden , to better use ... ' altair suppressed a smile but ignored her , saying to alexander , ' where are the templars holed up now ? '
as he walked , he thought of maria and the apple .
' if you get the chance ... but then you 'll never find the apple , the piece of eden .
as maria slept , altair found a crate and opened his journal , bringing the apple out from a pack he wore in his robe .
free of its swaddling it glowed and he watched it for a moment , then began to write : ' i struggle to make sense of the apple , the piece of eden , its function and purpose , but i can say with certainty that its origins are not divine .
in an instant he had swept up the apple and covered it once more , hiding it within his robe .
he mused also upon the apple : who were the ones that came before ?
' is it true what i have heard , ' she pressed , ' that the templars wish to use the apple , the piece of eden , for ill ?
briefly he felt all - powerful , and in that moment he recognized not only the seductive allure of the apple and the godlike strength it bestowed , but the terrible danger it posed - in the hands of those who would use it for ill , of course , but also with him .
when he lowered the apple , would the angry crowd simply resume their lynching ?
once more the courtyard was empty and , for a few heartbeats , altair looked at the apple in his hand , watched it fade , feeling in awe of it , frightened by it , attracted to it .
altair knew one thing : that the templar would have to take the apple from his dead body .
' so , ' she said , ' you had the apple all along . '
and die knowing that i will never let the apple , the piece of eden , fall into any hands but my own . '
from his pack he took the apple and held it up for inspection .
will it involve the apple ?
' where is the apple now ? '
i should not trouble myself with thoughts of the apple , he had warned , with a wagging finger .
for contained in those pages were the secrets of the apple , he said , but free of the artefact 's malign effects .
' the apple being one of them ? '
' altair suspected that genghis khan 's progress might have been helped by another artefact , similar to the apple .
' you must destroy the apple , altair , ' she said .
the apple was with him , safely tucked into his robe , and dormant .
altair felt the apple - it was almost as though a person were prodding him in the back .
he felt the apple at his back .
she held altair 's gaze over his arm , sending messages with her eyes , knowing that the apple would be calling to him .
' where is the apple , altair ? '
he wants the apple not to open minds but to control them . '
' you can have the apple . '
at a nod from abbas the guards loosened their grip on altair , who reached for the apple , bringing it from within his robe .
the apple was glowing and altair had failed to control himself .
swami , his hand on the apple , suddenly tautened , his eyes popping wide .
then , compelled by the apple , he stepped away , and all watched as his hands went to his face and he began to tear at the flesh there , gouging deep trenches in it with his fingernails .
altair felt the power coursing through him , as though it leaped from the apple and spread like a disease through his veins .
as though it fed off his hatred and his need for revenge , then flowed from the apple into swami .
at the same time swami had pulled his dagger from its sheath and was using it on himself , cutting himself with wild , broad slashes , opening wounds on his face and body , slicing into himself as maria reached them , trying desperately to stop altair using the apple .
the apple glowed brightly once , then dimmed .
most had drawn their swords , even though they knew steel would be useless against the apple , but better that than flee .
suddenly the urge was strong , overpowering almost , to use the apple to destroy everything he could see , including himself , because maria was dead at his hands and she had been his light .
would altair use the apple ?
perhaps now they understood that altair would not use the apple a second time and they leaped from walls and railings to join the pursuit .
he had spent twenty years mourning maria , obsessed with the apple .
he thought of his pack , secured in the fig tree , the apple inside .
to grasp the apple would be to emerge the victor , but it was too far away and , anyway , he 'd vowed never to use it again ; he 'd left it in the tree for that very reason , to keep its temptation out of reach .
yes , he would have used the apple , because he was lost .
not far away were his boots , and on a table by the side of the bed he saw his blade mechanism , its new design gleaned from the apple .
altair 's real concerns lay with the boy , whose fever had yet to break and to whom he had administered a potion , its recipe , of course , gleaned from the apple .
or with the basket weaver who was creating new tools for himself to specifications given to him by altair , who had transcribed them from the apple .
she would have approved , he knew , of what he had done with the apple , of the years spent squeezing it of juice , learning from it .
he had in the end , of course , but it had taken him years to do it - years of hating the apple , hating the sight of it , even the thought of it , the malignant power that lay dormant within the ageless , sleek mosaic of its shell .
a year later darim had left , too , driven away by his father 's remorse and his obsession with the apple .
long nights he would spend staring at the apple , as though he and it were two adversaries about to do battle - as though if he slept or even took his eyes from it , it might pounce on him .
he remembered holding the apple for the first time and feeling from it something not evil but benign .
perhaps the apple first had to take in order to give .
for days on end he would write , then for days on end he would leave his desk , riding out from alamut alone , on apple errands , collecting ingredients , gathering supplies .
once , even , the apple had directed him to a series of artefacts that he retrieved and hid , telling no one of their nature or their whereabouts .
it contained the master 's most important thoughts , distilled from decades of studying the apple .
` ` show me the apple . ''
he had used the great powers of the mysterious artifact , the apple , the sacred piece of eden vouchsafed by the old gods to him to ensure that their investment in humanity did not vanish in bloodshed and iniquity .
` ` i must return- '' ezio said , realizing afresh , and with a lurching stomach , that the game was n't over , and that the apple should not yet pass from his hands .
ezio had remembered that no human hand should ever touch the apple unprotected .
the apple had been vouchsafed him .
in combination with the apple , the other pieces of eden would have accorded the supremacy rodrigo craved , and ezio understood in the fullness of his years that such united power was too dangerous for the hands of man .
once reunited with his uncle , ezio wordlessly showed him the apple .
slowly ezio produced the apple from the pouch in which he 'd stowed it .
ezio hefted the apple in his gloved right hand .
surely minerva would not have allowed him to take back the apple without reason .
ezio sighed but replaced the apple in its leather pouch and swung it over to mario , who quickly stowed it in his saddlebag .
i managed to defeat him and , using the combined powers of the apple and the staff , gained access to the secret vault , leaving him outside .
i seized the apple , but the staff and a great sword , which may have been another piece of eden , were swallowed up by the earth , and i am glad of it .
the apple alone , which i have given in custody to mario , is already more than i personally wish to have responsibility for . ''
` ` where is the apple ? ''
` ` the apple is safe , '' mario reassured him .
a gloved hand delved into a pouch at his side and from it he produced - to ezio 's horror - the apple !
` ` cesare has the apple , '' claudia said soberly .
time enough to confront the threat of the apple when it presented itself .
the point is , his heart is not with his new master , who will never have the intelligence or the facility fully to control the apple .
true , there had been flagellants roaming the country in expectation of the last judgment , and had n't the mad monk savonarola , who 'd briefly had control of the apple , and whom he had himself defeated in florence - not been duped by that superstition ?
he has the apple , do n't forget .
leonardo understood the apple only too well ... ` ` he recognizes neither danger nor fatigue , '' machiavelli continued .
` ` it is too bad they have control of the apple .
` ` now that we are organized - the most important thing is to locate the apple .
the ball shot to the man 's right - hitting his nearest colleague - but passing clean through his adam 's apple and embedding in the shoulder of the man behind him .
there was no news of the apple , except that it was still in the possession of the borgia , though whether cesare had it , or rodrigo , was uncertain .
la volpe added , ` ` and my spies have confirmed that the apple has indeed been given to someone for secret study .
you know they have the apple ? ''
` ` how much information on the apple have you given them ? ''
if i see an apple growing on a tree , i simply pluck it .
rodrigo - pope alexander vi - was alone in the room , standing by a table on which sat a large silver bowl full of red and yellow apples , whose position he adjusted nervously just as the door opened and cesare entered , unannounced .
angrily , cesare snatched an apple from the bowl .
he bit into the apple with a mean smile .
cesare took another bite of the apple .
he looked at the apple in his hand , spitting out the chunk he had just bitten out , his expression a mask .
he came close to the pope and seized him by the collar , raising the poisoned apple in his hand .
pulling his father close he shoved the apple into his open mouth before he had time to close it , and , grabbing him by the head and jaw , forced his lips together and held them shut .
rodrigo struggled and choked on the apple , unable to breathe .
` ` where is the apple ?
the apple ! ''
but he had to stop cesare now , before he could get hold of the apple and use its power , however dimly he might understand it , to regain all the ground he had lost .
he fumbled at its drawstring with his hand , and the faint glow he saw within its depths confirmed his hopes : he had found the apple !
but he still had the apple .
glowing from within the leather bag , the apple indicated on its surface a way through the high , painted halls and chambers of the offices of the vatican toward the sistine chapel , and thence by a southward - leading corridor into saint peter 's itself .
ezio carefully produced the apple from its bag .
there was no response for several minutes , and he was about to give up , when , slowly at first , and then with increasing energy , the apple began to glow more and more brightly , until the light emanating from it made them cover their eyes .
now , '' said ezio , as the projected scene faded and the apple became inert .
` ` i ' m not on my own , '' said ezio , gently replacing the apple in its bag .
ezio himself crossed to the west bank of the river and sprinted the short distance to the church la volpe had recognized in the vision accorded them by the apple .
ezio stepped forth and revealed the bag containing the apple .
the others drew pistols and leveled them at ezio , who just as swiftly withdrew the apple from its bag and held it aloft , concentrating hard and pulling the hood of his tunic down low to shield his eyes .
the apple began to pulsate and glow , and the glow turned to an incandescence that gave out no heat but was as bright as the sun .
by chance his ball hit the apple , but it had no more effect on it than a handful of dust .
his lips pressed together in concentration , ezio continued to project his will through the apple , but even he dared not look up from under the protecting peak of his cowl .
when he did so , a wave of exhaustion hit him as the apple , invisible within its own light , suddenly , with no afterglow , went dead .
` ` requiescat in pace , '' said ezio , acknowledging the chill realization that the apple indeed had powers that , if unleashed beyond check , could control the minds of men ; could open up undreamed - of possibilities , and worlds .
` ` the apple , do you mean ? ''
future generations - perhaps future assassins - may have need of the apple 's power - to use it on the side of good . ''
listen , why not put yourself out of your misery and see if the apple can offer you any guidance ? ''
there , on a bed of green velvet , lay the apple .
` ` ask it , '' urged leonardo , his eyes keen as he saw the apple again .
the apple began to glow almost at once .
then , abruptly , the apple went dead , and the only light in the room was once again provided by the calm sunlight .
ezio dropped the apple back into its box and stood so abruptly that he knocked his chair over .
taking it from its box again , ezio placed the apple in its leather bag .
what the apple had predicted could not be emended , for the apple showed the future as it would be , and no man or woman could alter that , any more than he or she could change the past .
what the apple had predicted could not be emended , for the apple showed the future as it would be , and no man or woman could alter that , any more than he or she could change the past .
exactly the time when the apple had shown it happening !
but the gates would already have been sealed , and from what he had already seen , cesare , bereft of the apple and unskilled in the assassins ' techniques , would not be able to escape the dragnets and cordons being set up all over rome .
ezio had the apple with him .
it took him a little time , pushing his way through a throng of busy , cursing mariners , to locate pier six , and when he did so , the boat that answered the apple 's description was just casting off .
i must obey the will of the master of the apple . ''
ezio , alone in his secret lodgings , was holding the apple in his hands as he tried to use it to help him locate his quarry in rome , when the mysterious voice had come to him again .
this time he could not tell if the voice was male or female , and he could not even tell whether it came from the apple or from somewhere in his own mind .
why then had the apple only shown him hazy images of micheletto - just enough to tell him that cesare 's henchman was still alive ?
he suddenly realized something his inner self had always known : that he should not abuse the object 's power by overusing it , that he should not become dependent on the apple .
what could that man not do , if he had the apple ?
might the apple have the power not only to help mankind , but to corrupt it ?
he looked at the apple again .
he would use the apple next only when he had to .
he had to keep his own instincts and powers of deduction sharp , against the day when the apple would no longer be in his possession .
and he knew that the apple would - in ways he could not fully comprehend - help him , as long as he respected its potential .
` ` why not use the apple ? ''
once outside in the street , machiavelli said , ` ` i think we 'll have to use the apple , ezio . ''
` ` we must use the apple , '' said machiavelli again .
use the apple ! ''
and there was the problem of the apple .
i have my own sources and they tell me you have something you call the apple , which you found under the sistine chapel some years ago .
but now he could guess the source of the pope 's information about the apple , and he knew julius had revealed it deliberately .
a dangerous plan , he knew , but he was n't going to use the apple ...
but in the last resort , he would have to use the apple again ; but it disturbed him increasingly .
we must use the apple , now , this minute , to see if we can locate him . ''
fifty - five ezio turned and , in the bedroom of his lodgings , out of sight of machiavelli , drew the apple from its secret hiding place and brought the box that contained it back to his principal chamber .
the apple began , very slowly at first , to glow , and then its light brightened until the room was filled with a cold illumination .
next , images , dim at first and indistinct , flickered onto the wall and resolved themselves into something the apple had shown ezio before - the strange , remote castle in a brown , barren landscape , very old , with a massive outer barbican , four main towers , and an impregnable - looking square keep at its center .
what is the apple telling us ? ''
consult the apple again . ''
but when ezio once more consulted the apple , the image remained unchanged : a solidly built castle on a hill , a good three hundred years old , surrounded by a little town .
ask the apple again . ''
` ` salai should n't have told anyone about the apple . ''
` ` we are having problems with the apple .
ezio remembered the voice that had come from the apple .
` ` and the apple ? ''
but the apple gave us nothing on micheletto at all , '' said ezio .
the apple ceased to glow and looked dead , like an old leather - bound ball .
dusk was falling as machiavelli and ezio carried the apple in its box down into the catacombs below the colosseum and , passing through the dreadful gloomy rooms of the remains of nero 's golden house , carried torches before them as they made their way through a maze of tunnels under the old roman forum to a spot near the church of san nicola in carcere , where they found a secret door within the crypt .
on this they placed the apple in its box and withdrew .
` ` the apple did n't lie to you .
it was exactly as the apple had depicted it .
` ` well , we do n't need the apple to tell us what our old friend cesare is planning , '' said machiavelli .
the city that he saw , a mile or so distant , looked exactly like the one in the vision accorded him by the apple , with strong walls and a well - fortified citadel at its center , but there was a difference .
' give me the apple , ' he snarled .
' and rodrigo called it ` ` the apple '' , ' added ezio .
' as in the apple from the tree of knowledge ?
the apple eve gave to adam ? '
the apple looked metallic , but to the touch it was warm and soft , like a woman 's skin , as if it were alive !
the apple sat on the table inert , a plain little object that few would have given a second glance to .
carefully , after putting on gloves , he picked up the apple and repacked it in its box , sealing the lid securely .
' but how could he possibly know where we were taking the apple ? '
' they 're not looking for the apple , ezio ; they 're after riario 's map .
' and a certain apple , too , ' added checco .
' we 'll have the apple too .
but whatever happens to me , i know you will guard the apple with your life .
go fetch the apple and the map or the kid gets it . '
ezio , now i must ask you to show courage : for checco has taken the apple ! '
we could n't see which group had the apple , and we were too battle - weary to give effective chase anyway .
' but what if , now he has the apple , he no longer needs the map ? '
there was no guarantee that checco would n't have gone directly to the holy see , but ezio thought that with such a precious cargo as the apple , his adversary would first seek safety where he was known , and from there send couriers to establish whether the spaniard had returned to the vatican before making contact with him there .
but checco 's own spies were everywhere , and it was n't long before ezio learned that checco was aware that he was closing in , and was planning to take off in a caravan of two carriages with the apple , in order to escape from him and foil his plans .
' give me the apple , checco .
' give me the apple , checco , and i 'll let you go .
but he had never pretended that his work would be easy , and the apple was back in assassin control .
he looked down to where he had left the box containing the apple .
but one thing was certain - the dominican , and the apple , were gone .
i had retrieved the apple from checco ... but there was another man who came soon afterwards - he took the apple ! '
i had retrieved the apple from checco ... but there was another man who came soon afterwards - he took the apple ! '
the second is that it is of inestimable value , for even if the templars have the apple , they can not hope to find the vault without the map . '
' but fully to disarm our enemies , you must recover the apple .
where is the apple ? '
where the fuck is the apple ? '
' i do n't have any apple , ' sobbed the monk .
and i do n't have any other apples than those that come to the monastery from the market every thursday ! '
but the search had to continue , remorselessly , for the nine - fingered man of god held the apple - the key to more than he could imagine possible , and he was a dangerous religious maniac , a loose cannon potentially less controllable than the master , rodrigo borgia , himself .
i am certain that the apple is here again , in the hands of the monk , savonarola .
' the danger is , that with the apple in their hands , they may actually bring about a world disaster that has nothing to do with god , and everything to do with the devil . '
if he controls the vatican , he is that much closer to gaining access to the vault ; and he is still on the trail of the apple , the ` ` piece of eden '' he needs to give him - the power of god himself ! '
once he has the apple as well ... ' she broke off .
he remembered the apparent prophecies he had seen the apple project in leonardo 's workshop .
ezio thought : had that mad monk opened the apple , as he had himself ?
what was it leonardo had said about the apple - unsafe for weaker brains ?
' there 's no doubt savonarola could n't have got where he is now without the use of that powerful arte - fact , the apple . '
' i am here for the apple .
' the apple ?
' and the apple was the means to his end ? '
' so he does know the apple 's here ? '
' especially with the apple in his possession . '
and from his robes he produced the apple and raised it high .
instantly , the apple started to glow , and the crowd fell back , gasping .
with a cry of pain and rage , savonarola let go of the apple , which fell from the balcony into the throng below .
' find the apple .
' we hold the apple and now all the missing codex pages are collected here together .
near it , on a pedestal , stood the apple .
on the right is clearly a depiction of the apple .
as he spoke , the apple began to glow of its own accord , and finally flashed blindingly , illuminating the codex pages and seeming to embrace them .
one ' he turned his eyes to it , ' is the apple . '
' its contents will make the apple seem a trifling thing . '
they made their preparations fast , and soon after halfway through the month , ezio , the precious apple in his custody , arrived by boat on the tiber at the wharfs near the castel sant'angelo in rome .
then he lowered his eyes and saw that the pouch at ezio 's side , which still contained the apple , was glowing brightly .
' you have the apple !
he knew what the apple was capable of and he had to take a risk now or die in the attempt .
he withdrew the apple from his pouch and held it aloft .
ezio put the apple back in its pouch .
ezio started to take the apple out again but too late , for rodrigo crushed his hand with his boot and the apple rolled away .
ezio started to take the apple out again but too late , for rodrigo crushed his hand with his boot and the apple rolled away .
he held the apple up and it glowed banefully .
but the pain of the wound seemed to weaken the power of the apple .
in the centre of the room was a pedestal , and on it rested , in holders clearly designed for them , the apple and the staff .
' whatever lies behind that wall wo n't be able to resist the combined strength of the staff and the apple . '
but suddenly the apple began to glow , brighter and brighter , until its light filled the room , blinding them .
and he saw other forms , and did not know if they were sculpted , or painted , or part of the ether through which he passed - a forest falling into the sea , apes , apples , croziers , men and women , a shroud , a sword , pyramids and colossi , ziggurats and juggernauts , ships that swam underwater , weird shining screens which seemed to convey all knowledge , all communication ... ezio also recognized not only the apple and the staff , but also a great sword , and the shroud of christ , all carried by figures who were human in shape , but somehow not human .
and he saw other forms , and did not know if they were sculpted , or painted , or part of the ether through which he passed - a forest falling into the sea , apes , apples , croziers , men and women , a shroud , a sword , pyramids and colossi , ziggurats and juggernauts , ships that swam underwater , weird shining screens which seemed to convey all knowledge , all communication ... ezio also recognized not only the apple and the staff , but also a great sword , and the shroud of christ , all carried by figures who were human in shape , but somehow not human .
' and you have the apple by you .
the cop opened up the back door and sean caught a whiff of apples , a sharp , october scent .
` ` it smelled like apples , '' he said .
` ` like apples .
the car smelled like apples . ''
` ` it smelled like apples , '' his father said .
she was convinced those men were still out there , waiting , driving that car that smelled of apples , and homing in on dave like heat - seeking missiles .
he looked into the open doorway of the car that smelled like apples , and the street gripped his feet and slid him toward it .
maybe underneath all the trash had lain half - eaten apple cores , and that 's why the car smelled as it had .
sean hoped he 'd been driving the car that had smelled of apples , and that he 'd driven it off a cliff , took that car straight down to hell with him .
it makes you feel '' she touched his face and his adam 's apple bulged as he swallowed .
everyone got along , even the chickens and the cows , and no one needed to talk about anything , because nothing bad ever happened , and nobody had any secrets because secrets were for bad people , people who did n't eat their eggs , people who climbed in cars that smelled of apples with strange men and disappeared for four days , only to come back home to find everyone they 'd known had disappeared , too , been replaced with smiley - faced look - alikes who 'd do just about anything but listen to you .
sometimes sean could still smell the odor of apples that had wafted from the car .
and so occasionally he found himself on gannon street in front of his old house , catching glimpses of the receding dave boyle out of the corner of his eye , the odor of apples filling his nostrils , thinking , no .
that car had never driven up gannon street , smelling of apples .
and then just ray harris and dave boyle had come to visit as he 'd sat drunk on the living room couch last night , a gun in his hand , watching them wave to him from the backseat of the car that had smelled of apples .
the main compound was composed of lawns and sculpted hedges , great shady oaks , scotch pines , and trim maples , apple trees whose fruit dropped to the tops of the wall in late autumn or tumbled onto the grass .
pressed her lips to his adam 's apple .
trey 's adam 's apple bobbed , and he started to raise a hand in apology , and chuck said , ` ` absolutely .
cawley 's tile , a few dead rats , scores of soggy apples , all of it gritty with sand .
chuck picked up an apple as it floated onto his foot .
he picked up another apple , tossed it above his head , and caught it behind his back .
he rifled the apple into another section of wall .
` ` hoo - ah , '' the kid said reflexively , his adam 's apple bulging .
teddy knew he could throw a baseball or one of chuck 's apples from the landing and not reach the other side of the room .
he started to reach for his fly first , then changed his mind , but by then teddy had driven the heel of his hand into his adam 's apple .
his hand closed around my shirt , the knuckles pressing into my adam 's apple , and he walked me back a few feet , his eyes swimming with ghosts .
even after his daughter eloped with a guitar player twice her age who left her strung out in a reno motel room ; even after she then ran into some especially nasty people and ended up working her sixteen - year - old body on the back streets of vegas ; even after angie and i flew out there and took her away from these nasty people with the assistance of the nevada state police ; even after this sweet apple of his eye blamed the mess she 'd made completely on him ; even after all this george still meets the world with the nervous smile of someone who only knows how to be open and decent and prays that , maybe just once , the world might reward him .
he looked down at the silencer nestled against his adam 's apple .
` ` apple jacks or sugar pops ? ''
he looked sort of like larry bird before madison avenue got a hold of him - tall , very pale , horrible hair , long jaw , and big adam 's apple . ''
i pulled the rope back out of the center of his adam 's apple and he sighed , his eyes on the floor .
i felt as numb as i ' ve ever felt , as if i 'd been cored clean of emotions as swiftly as you 'd core an apple .
he swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed in his throat for a moment .
he gripped the open car door and watched me come , and i could tell by his bobbing adam 's apple that he was swallowing hard against nausea .
her hair smelled like crisp apples .
she sat at the table and ate a bowl of apple jacks and nursed a hangover .
` ` i wish ... . '' his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
her ass was the size of a crab apple .
i double - clicked on the apple icon in the top left corner of the screen and worked my way into the main control panel without a single password prompt .
the crisp air smelled like a cold apple .
luther was prepared for a long walk out of the train station and up through town to marta and james 's house , but james led them to an olds reo as red and shiny as an apple just pulled from a water bucket .
luther felt that snap vibrate in his adam 's apple .
loved it the way you loved an apple so sweet you had to keep taking bites from it .
she nodded , though luther could n't tell if it was a nod of agreement or if she 'd just decided something about the apple she was considering .
that was followed by an apple , then a potato , and then the car was pelted with fruit and vegetables .
flies battled for pavement in swarms as dark and thick as candied apples .
he had a chest like an apple barrel and short wishbone legs and as he led luther down market street , his thick arms swung in concert with his hips .
the bullet hole appeared then , just below his adam 's apple .
luther took the first warm peanut from his bag and flicked his wrist and it bounced off danny 's adam 's apple and fell into his shirt .
cheeks that reminded him of apples so ripe they might burst .
` ` you see those fellas in the corner , sitting by the table made out of the apple barrel ? ''
the guard was found three hours later in franklin square , sitting on a bench , a canyon cut through his adam 's apple , deader than thomas jefferson .
in this heat , the man 's face was dry , as was his shirt , even at the top , where the button was cinched tight below his adam 's apple .
it was the daughter in all the photographs , beautiful and apple - haired , rose gold skin so unblemished it achieved a soft - sun radiance .
and now , in baseball - crazy cuba , in a region where they would have been playing it with sticks and bare hands , they had gloves so new the leather creaked and bats as blond as peeled apples .
i read and re - read her letter and some softened feelings stole into my heart and dared to whisper paradisiacal dreams of love and joy ; but the apple was already eaten , and the angel 's arm bared to drive me from all hope .
` ` i disagree , '' bowe answered , pulling a red apple from his jacket pocket and shining it on his shirt .
the man spent a good deal of time talking to both women who worked in the bakery , but also bought six different loaves of bread , every last bit of apple strudel , plus several other items .
she supposed she could n't blame them all for one bad apple .
the smell of cinnamon and apples teased her nose and brought her eyes slowly open .
when dani nodded a silent acknowledgment to this , he added , ` ` but when i got there the rooster teapot lay smashed on the floor with tea everywhere , the salt and pepper shakers lay in pieces by it , and the apple pie had been smashed by a fist . ''
` ` these apple strudel things are delicious , and they only take a minute in the toaster . ''
she 'd left him seated at the table , selflessly devouring the apple strudels he 'd made for her , all so that she did n't spoil her appetite and they did n't go to waste .
the woman 's butt was snow - covered and bobbing about like an apple on a river 's surface as she worked at whatever she was doing .
` ` no luck , '' jason explained , his adam 's apple bobbing with the words .
` ` because i ' m going to order the apple strudel , but i want to try the chocolate banana too .
` ` so , '' carolyn said on a sigh as she scooped up a bite of apple strudel .
` ` eve ate the apple , '' justin responded , braking and shifting the van into park .
` ` shut up , justin , or i swear i 'll shove an apple up your- '' ` ` ow , ow , ow , '' valerie cried out as leigh nearly pulverized the bones in her fingers .
nicole moved to the small bar fridge beside the coffee counter and opened it to find a large plate with cheese , crackers , grapes , and a sliced - up apple on it .
cody grinned and moved forward to take a slice of apple , cheese and a cracker .
nicole nodded and took a slice of apple herself , then set the plate on a table by her easels .
knowing she would n't be able to get any work done until he finished and left , nicole settled on the daybed to eat her slice of apple .
` ` rodolfo may have bitten into the wrong apple here . ''
` ` i ' m going to start calling you apple . ''
because you 're the apple sent to tempt me , '' he announced and then added solemnly , ` ` and you are tempting , inez .
the delivery had included a salve which she put on drew 's lips to keep them from cracking , and some apple vinegar she used in the water in which she bathed him .
i shouted when the woman frantically scrabbled away from the glowing ball of unfocused magic , diving behind an apple display .
` ` there are eggs in the fridge , and some apples .
what by god 's little green apples are you doing for me ? ''
his head dropped as if searching for a familiar face coming up and perhaps an apple .
today 's offering was a bright apple green , pink , and white striped visiting gown , with a matching hat that boasted feathers of such epic proportions that ivy actual y had to duck slightly upon entering the shop .
in addition to the melon , chunks of crunchy , salted bread , white with flour , were on offer , as well as a hard , sharp yel ow cheese , apples , and a pitcher of some dark liquid that smel ed like heaven .
alexia ate an apple , two rol s of crunchy bread spread with some kind of tomato sauce , and three hard - boiled eggs dipped in more of the green stuff that had so delighted her the day before .
` ` today for dessert , we have apple pie , blueberry pie and ezekiel pie . ''
` ` you know , teresa found apple jelly in the basement .
` ` what 's apple jelly ? ''
` ` i do n't know enough about it or their methods , '' said jackie , gratefully taking a glass of apple juice from me .
he blinked once or twice and his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
' take her an apple pie and she 'll complain about the pastry . '
' wrinkly apple , bottle of water and a cheese sandwich you could bend horseshoes round , ' she said .
` ` it 's right up there with mom and apple pie when it comes to cultural icons . ''
lady maccon quickly served herself some haricot of veal and several apple fritters and began eating so the others about the table could stop fussing and continue with their own meals .
it was apple flavored this time , but no less sickenly sweet .
the sullen expression she 'd worn all day drew back , a cheery smile overcame her , and her cheeks blossomed apple red .
the supper was served - broiled salmon , hashed mutton , potatoes , parsnips , and baked apple pudding .
pillover looked as cagey as a round boy with an obvious stash of apple fritters could .
` ` i think you mean peace for the wicked , '' corrected lady linette , wrapped in a flowing silk robe of apple green trimmed in black velvet .
her eyes lit up and her face flushed apple red , as if she had just been greeted by the queen of england .
becky 's backyard was twice the size of trevor 's and sported sweet apple trees instead of unused jacuzzis .
in back of the house , next to the five - acre apple orchard , stood a monstrous silo with vines clinging to it like a giant spiderweb .
against the stark black of her clothing , her skin had the slightly translucent look of apple blossoms .
she walked into the main room , avoiding looking at him as she opened the refrigerator and took out some apple juice .
she watched the apple juice spread out in a golden stain , the pattern particularly odd , almost like the yawning jaws of a wolf .
pure apple , nothing else .
` ` after you made me drink that disgusting apple juice ?
the apple juice .
he poured a glass of fresh apple juice and handed it to her .
she took a bite of apple , her expression thoughtful .
blinking , jade saw that the walls were pale apple green , with fancy woodwork andmoldings in a darker shade of the same green .
it had never seen a single apple pie or sunday school cookie .
there was an apple and snow white on the cover .
try an apple or something equally crunchy . ''
hands on my hips , i eyed the shot of yearlings arguing over fallen apples .
nick swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing .
fingers cold , i pulled out the thick slip of linen paper smelling of pine and apples . ` `
the senator chuckled somewhat uncomfortably , his adam 's apple straining against the starched white collar of his tuxedo shirt and crisp black bowtie .
with a bob of his adam 's apple , he began unlacing them .
` ` i guess there has to be one good apple in every bad barrel . ''
what are you , a ten - year - old apple boy ? ''
warm and smooth , the bane tea slipped down my throat with a mixed taste of ham broth and apples .
she 's going to be as jealous as a green apple that you and i have a physical way to express our relationship and she does n't . ''
or an apple .
i elevate my head up and nicholas drops to the floor with bite marks on his adam 's apple .
i grab an apple from a basket and take a bite .
i ca n't help smiling as i toss my half - eaten apple into the trash .
giving me a smile that made him look like he was plotting to steal the teacher 's apple , not a boat from four weres with semiautomatics , jenks dropped back to tell nick the plan .
after a week of deprivation , his narrow physique was positively gaunt , making his clean - shaven cheeks hollow and his adam 's apple more prominent .
` ` i have butterscotch or apple .
i 'll bring out a wedge of apple , seeing as you 're allergic to butterscotch . ''
he swallowed to make his adam 's apple move .
` ` oh , for the love of little green apples , '' ceri said darkly .
i reached for one of the apples sitting in the middle of the table .
i rose , munching on my apple as i headed back upstairs for a shower .
he brought out something round and dark green , about the size of an apple .
we ca n't have some bad apples driving you off . ''
shane 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
her mouth watered as she reached out and palmed an apple .
professor lyall 's offering was a ham sandwich wrapped in brown paper , lord maccon 's a weather - beaten apple , and lord akeldama 's a small box of turkish delight .
alexia squeezed his hand once more and then let go , returning to her meal of apple fritter and boiled arrowroot pudding with melted butter and currant jelly .
any moment now , she thought in a flight of fantasy , cook will appear with an apple to stuff into my mouth .
when passing some guy on the street , a prominent adam 's apple or a wide jaw or developed chest would draw her eye .
need an apple .
chapter thirty - seven an hour after his call with nix , will found chloe sitting on the floor in the pantry , trying to choke down an apple .
whiskey bottle in hand , he sank down beside her , tugging the apple from her .
the icy liquid was sweet with an apple flavor .
she made the best apple pie in the world , too . ''
i moved the rifle barrel down , and dug it into his adam 's apple .
we sold out of the caramel apples and only have two pies left . ''
` ` i 'll reserve two for you when he gets back , '' matt said , as he handed a piece of apple cobbler to a customer .
gabrielle had been paring an apple at one of her foster homes when the knife slipped and cut into the fleshy pad at the base of her thumb .
the big apple , '' he murmured .
she watched as what little blood colored his cheeks faded , and his adam 's apple bobbed slowly .
when we arrived at her house , becky and i picked apples from one of her trees for a snack , and i d parked my bike in the barn .
his adam 's apple moved with each swallow .
her eyes widened before she refocused on her piece of apple pie .
he watched as leah pushed an apple slice around her plate .
a blush stained her cheeks , and she stabbed the apple slice with her plastic fork .
` ` she likes apple pie , '' dougal said .
he handed a bowl of ice cream to abby , then a saucer of apple pie to leah .
leah ate a bite of apple pie .
` ` angus has asked me to teach you , abby , and laszlo some self - defense before we leave on the mission , '' he told her as she finished a piece of apple pie .
right in front of him was a bowl of fresh apples .
which was part of the reason it made sense to have an outpost here in the land of hot apple pie and american flags .
he did n't have a clue that her hobby was something as apple pie - ish as knitting .
the brother wheeled around , jogged across the mosaic apple tree on the foyer 's floor and headed up the grand staircase .
as he paced over the mosaic floor , cutting paths over the depiction of the apple tree , he thought of that embrace they 'd shared outside of the locker room .
fritz 's ancient watery eyes drifted around before focusing on the apple tree that was depicted in mosaic tile down below .
darius quickly pinned the vision of a blooming apple tree to the front of his mind .
short of putting the bastard on a silver plate and shoving an apple in his mouth , john could n't have served her captor up any better .
` ` the apple tree ... '' tohrment nodded .
beneath the apple tree .
pausing , tohr braced his hands on the balustrade and looked down at the mosaic depiction of the apple tree in full bloom .
john focused on the apple tree depicted on the floor .
with every slice , he bore down onto the depiction of the apple tree , taking the pain with pride , refusing to let even a silent hiss escape his lips -- and after each letter or swirl , he looked up to xhex .
underneath an apple tree , because he had hoped the fragrant blooms would ease her in her death .
no'one had stepped out from somewhere , and stood on the edge of the depiction of the apple tree in the floor , her hood and robe making her seem like a shadow that had suddenly gone 3 - d. time slowed and then ground to a halt as he met her eyes , some strange pull keeping him where he stood .
as she ripped across the depiction of the apple tree in the floor , he recalled the memory of her that night they had tried to bring her home to her father 's , her nightgown streaming behind her , turning her into a ghost as she ran across the moonlit meadow .
that gunshot in the neck was compromising the airway above the adam 's apple .
bad word , good timing ... striding across the mosaic of an apple tree in bloom , he leaned into the billiards room .
she crossed the mosaic apple tree at a jog and took the stairs two at a time .
he did n't make it much farther than the trunk of the mosaic apple tree in the foyer .
at the stove , he almost bent down to breathe in the aroma of the stew and the spaghetti sauce and the mulled apple cider .
for a split second , all he could think about was the mosaic depiction of the apple tree that was underneath him , that symbol of rebirth that he was beginning to associate only with death .
as they hit the mosaic depiction of an apple tree in full bloom , blay 's set of blues shifted over and pulled a head - to - heel on qhuinn .
it was the kind of thing a sixteen - year - old boy might have when he saw a cherry ride drive by or an apple - bottomed girl with a belly shirt .
as black oil sprang forth and its knees wobbled , she dispatched the slayer she had pinned against the brick by punching it twice in the face and once in the adam 's apple .
payne tore out of the dining room and ripped across the mosaic depiction of an apple tree in full bloom .
aside from the eggs , yogurt , and a couple of apples , there was n't much more to be found in there .
we 're not sure precisely what we 're looking for yet , and we 'll be upsetting the agency 's apple cart bad enough when we tell them we think the population 's few remaining gen ones are being targeted for assassination . ''
she was working hard to swallow a lump in her throat , but it was about the size of a poisoned apple and seemed to be growing larger .
and -- ` ` he stopped , and claire saw his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed , hard .
` ` awake sorry , your grace , ye sons of the motherland taste no more the wine of the sour apples woodsmen , grasp your choppers !
taste no more the wine of the sour apples ... '' they joined in , at various levels of drone .
his face just eased its way into his neck without much to disturb it on the way , but his adam 's apple , now , that was a champion .
said major clogston , who was leaning against the wall eating an apple .
they brought , indeed , cabbage and potatoes and roots and apples and barrels of fat , things that kept .
caleb swal owed , his adam 's apple bobbing .
when she turned from him , he laid another paw on her , giving her arse a possessive squeeze , groaning with pleasure ; she whirled around and punched him with shocking force in the adam 's apple , doubling him over as he coughed .
he was doing that adorable thing he did when he was nervous , when his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
it made me think of bobbing for apples , which was only one step away from bobbing for adam 's apples .
it made me think of bobbing for apples , which was only one step away from bobbing for adam 's apples .
will was indeed possessed of an adam 's apple , and when it moved up and down in his throat , it was indeed adorable .
she saw him swallow hard , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
she hit him with a dose of winsome smile and saw the adam 's apple do some more moving .
` ` my mom made him.sit down in the kitchen and she baked him a whole apple pie .
i 'd just done the grocery shopping a few days ago , so there were several apples and a couple of bananas in there .
my pasta forgotten , i watched as maya picked up two apples and one banana and laid them on either side of the basil plant .
but as they did , the apples and banana shriveled , going brown .
these are apple martinis . ''
they 'd finished dinner some time ago and were now splitting a piece of pete 's homemade apple pie while they nursed the warming dregs of their microbrews .
he slumps back into the seat and his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows hard .
laylen 's adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows hard .
jason pointed to a glass - fronted store with the words ` ` apple and bookworm '' frosted across the window and a picture of the same right below .
after she had finished , there was a moment of silence while floote removed the plates and placed the main course before them : a delicious arrangement of braised pork chop , apple compote , and slow roasted baby potatoes .
there were galantines of guinea fowl stuffed with minced tongue quivering in aspic jelly and decorated with feathers made of lemon - soaked apple peel .
` ` it 's bobbing for apples really , '' eric said , seeming embarrassed .
` ` luckily , i have an apple and some health chips to keep me company . ''
so , shortly after victor had joined their efforts , elvi had set alessandro and edward to peeling apples and cooking the cherries for the fillings , and that had worked well .
` ` well ... did you notice that edward kept volunteering to go to the grocery store for you to get more flour , then more butter , then apples and so on while you guys were making the pies ? ''
the thought of this little gal chasing after criminals in the big apple was a staggering one .
i selected oatmeal and an apple .
i 'd been about to bite into an apple and stopped .
apparently everyone and their uncle was trying to peel out of the big apple and they were all using the same route as claire .
she had curves like firm , juicy apples , the pink nipples capturing his attention and making saliva pool in his mouth .
his lips tasted like soda and caramel apples .
` ` ah , female '' -he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple bobbing- '' i can see where i would kill to be . ''
dinner was peanut butter sandwiches and one apple apiece , drawn from the grocery bag tony had given them .
maybe if she concentrated ... she thought about it while they passed beaches of packed sand and mudflats - none of them like the white house terrain - and while they got lunch at a red apple market .
khayman stood beneath the apple tree , watching the color of the shadows change ; listening to the morning .
exhausted , he stood with his back to the apple tree , the pungent green fragrance of the apples enveloping him .
exhausted , he stood with his back to the apple tree , the pungent green fragrance of the apples enveloping him .
` ` ham and cheese , chicken salad , some nice crisp carrots , and a big hunk of apple pie .
` ` it 's apple pie and mom 's homemade chicken soup .
i promise not to mix the apples and the chicken together . ''
` ` and then we took a walk around the estate , and saw the apple orchard , and the orange orchard , and the cherry orchard , '' bonnie told elena , who was lying down , looking small and defenseless , in her four - poster bed , which had been hung with dusty - gold sheer panels , right now held back by heavy tassels in various shades of gold .
she would have skin like the faintest blush of pink on an apple blossom , elena thought , staring unashamedly .
was n't her face actually the shape of an apple - blossom petal as well as having the petal 's faint bloom ?
flowers 's homemade apple juice .
i reached out toward her , brushing my hand against her shoulder , al owing my nose to inhale her apple - and - hay scent .
that salty , metallic smell ... there was something about it more delicious than the roasted chicken her mother made , sweeter than fresh - baked apple pie .
matt 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard , but then he gave her a small smile and pressed forward .
there were apples and oranges cut open and glistening upon a plate .
i ate these hungrily , amazed at the crispness of the apples , and the chewy fibrous quality of the oranges .
rubbing out ` ` a is for apple '' is a capital crime ? ''
if you '' re not an apple , you '' re a banana ...
captain carrot , you are to make sure he eats the apple and the banana .
will an apple do ?
nobby , lance - constable humpeding needs an apple , urgently .
areas of sator square , i gather , still smell faintly of apples , vimes .
one could come to believe , therefore , that what they were drinking was in fact a mixture of strong beer and stumble , which is , as you know , distilled from apples- '' ` ` uh , mostly apples , sir , '' said vimes helpfully .
` ` someone '' s pinched the secret of fire , have you seen my golden apple ?
except food , of course , and even then vimes would not have been surprised to see boxes labelled ` ` apple cores , various , or ` ` leftovers , need eating up '' .
one of the apple tarts and a cup of warm milk for the infant , '' she said to the hovering man .
` ` by the smell of you , you 'd have trouble finding an apple at the bottom of a barrel of cider ! ''
his adam 's apple bobbed nervously .
the only trace that the blood was hard to consume was the repeated bobbing of his adam 's apple as he swallowed again and again .
his hand felt like a rotten apple .
so far they had rocks , bark , wood , coal , and a coveted iced apple from the queen 's northern orchid .
` ` i was cutting an apple when the phone rang .
becky had a backyard as big as transylvania -- a great place to hide and play monsters and eat all the fresh apples a growling third- grade stomach could hold .
a shiny red apple .
her gaze fell on the apple darafer had tossed onto the grass .
` ` do n't forget to drink your apple juice . ''
` ` well , damn , i guess that is pretty early , '' she murmured , moving her mouth away from his and kissing a trail of heat along his throat , playing over the knob of his adam 's apple .
watching his adam 's apple move , i gave him a questioning look .
` ` god 's little green apples , no .
and why does my mouth taste like apples ?
apple trees - either laden with fruit or dotted with blossoms - grew in profusion .
the apple trees remained , but for every one butterfly in the glamour , multiple spiders and frogs lived in bliss .
` ` no , i ' m not ready ... not ready ... ` ` when a pale hand broke the surface of the water , mari wanted to lunge back , to escape this , but was transfixed by the glistening apple offered in the nearly transparent palm .
yet mariketa still was there , reaching forward to accept an apple from a ghostly wet hand .
he lunged for mariketa , snatching the apple from her hand , then throwing it against the wall so hard it disintegrated .
the hand broke the surface of the mirror , the glass becoming pliable to allow it - and the apple she presented - to fit through .
` ` do n't forget the apple . ''
as mari accepted it , she mumbled to herself , ` ` do n't forget the apple , meh , meh , meh , '' aware that she was making fun of her own voice .
in fairy tales - which were almost always true - wicked witches proffered apples with evil intent .
but apples were held sacred by all witches as symbols of knowledge and foresight .
at the last second , mari reached into her knapsack and snatched out her apple , bringing it between them .
it was like she 'd eaten a super apple - crisper , more flavorful , and juicier than any before .
and she suspected that with each bite of apple she grew physically stronger .
her lips were a deeper red than he 'd ever seen them - blood red - and three sinister - looking apples lay half eaten beside her .
inside , a garbage bag turned over ; apples thudded to the floor , the area thick with them .
` ` count the apples if you want to know . ''
the hand breached the glass with an apple .
mari took the apple and set it on the dresser , then grasped the offered hand .
a single red apple sat beside it .
` ` in addition to the apple orchard i had planted here over the summer , '' he began , ` ` i also bought a six - foot - high , full - length mirror .
her blood smells like a combination of frosting , cotton candy and apples , which sounds nuts , but that 's what it reminds me of .
the apple does not fall far from the tree , in this case .
it 's kind of sweet and reminds me of green apples .
` ` something smells like apples . ''
she looks around as if a person in an apple costume is going to jump out at us from behind a car and explain the smell .
` ` i see the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
i must pick the right words , like ripe apples from a tree .
jamie was like apple pie .
we 're in the kitchen , basking in the smell of an apple pie and a blackberry pie that are cooling on the counter .
` ` here you go , '' she says , plunking a plate with five giant apple and cinnamon pancakes in front of me .
dad accosts me in the kitchen the next afternoon when i go for an apple .
i fiddle with the sticker from my apple so i do n't have to look at him .
i pretend not to notice and take a bite of my apple , hoping he 's done , but knowing he 's not .
they all had full cheeks like apples .
grab the apple and take a big bite of it . ''
i had the simple food i eat and can cook by fire : rice , hominy , cans upon cans of saltless chicken broth , and also a few barrels of apples which should have lasted me the winter .
in a small hotel room , he studied his new apple computer , determined to master it , soon connecting with the website and radio program of benji mahmoud .
at once the flood of images drugged him , her pounding heart driving them as it drove the blood : the voice , yes , the voice telling her to kill , telling them both to kill , lovers made in a filthy back alley in milan by a scrawny bearded blood drinker who pushed them out to kill and steal , twenty years in the blood maybe , dying , and then it broke down into bits and pieces of childhood , her white first communion dress , incense , the crowded cathedral , ` ` ave maria , '' a mother 's smiling face , a dress of checkered cloth , apples on a plate , taste of apples , the inevitable peace .
at once the flood of images drugged him , her pounding heart driving them as it drove the blood : the voice , yes , the voice telling her to kill , telling them both to kill , lovers made in a filthy back alley in milan by a scrawny bearded blood drinker who pushed them out to kill and steal , twenty years in the blood maybe , dying , and then it broke down into bits and pieces of childhood , her white first communion dress , incense , the crowded cathedral , ` ` ave maria , '' a mother 's smiling face , a dress of checkered cloth , apples on a plate , taste of apples , the inevitable peace .
it entered aldous 's chest like a knife sliding easily into an apple .
it was okay to bring back grandma to tell the family where she 'd hidden the apple stock certificates , or dr . bigshot to finish a research project , but not to bring back marilyn monroe for a reality show .
so while gottfried pored over his notes and blueprints , i found a relatively dust - free spot at the counter to eat my ham sandwich and apple .
the dust smelled of cinnamon and brandy and it tasted of gingerbread and apples , and where it fell into his eyes , matt saw visions of magical creatures in diaphanous raiment who danced and spun on colored ribbons of magic .
do n't be rude to your teammates , '' pere noel chastened him , appearing out of the snow - mist , smelling of apple cider and evergreens , and climbing back into the sled without his sack .
his nose was full of the scents of cinnamon and brandy , and the flavor of gingerbread and apples lingered on his tongue .
which was a bummer when it was my job to fight the bad apples amongst them .
she had apple cheeks , a tiny upturned nose , and angelina jolie lips .
` ` i ' m 'bout to stick an apple in your talk - hole and roast you on a spit , ham boy . ''
the sides for tuesday are mashed potatoes with cheese and onions , slaw , and a baked apple with cinnamon .
the new guy picks slaw and an apple .
` ` she 's craving apple pie .
her dad did n't try to stop her , but he did thrust an apple into her hand as she flew out the door .
nearby an apple tree was surrounded by fallen fruit that nobody had picked , each apple now brown and soft .
nearby an apple tree was surrounded by fallen fruit that nobody had picked , each apple now brown and soft .
when my mother opened the door , the warm scent of cinnamon and apples wafted out to welcome us .
i traced his lips , the strong column of his neck , the swell of his adam 's apple .
in an instant he was gulping down the blood , thick swallows that made his adam 's apple bob in his extended throat .
lucas did n't reply , but he swallowed hard , making his adam 's apple bob in his throat .
blood from the cut on his forehead had oozed down to his throat , pooling just beneath his adam 's apple .
a sticker and a cup of apple juice .
in the corner , a mini - fridge held a few boxes of orange and apple drink ; balthazar thrust the apple stuff at her .
in the corner , a mini - fridge held a few boxes of orange and apple drink ; balthazar thrust the apple stuff at her .
he growled low in his throat as he lifted a fistful of hair to press it to his nose , breathing deeply of the apple shampoo she used .
he nodded , adam 's apple bobbing up and down , and left the room .
i watched moyer 's adam 's apple bob as he considered .
a nikon digital camera and an apple ipad were on top .
there was a yellowed poster of an apple pie in the window .
he pulled out an apple fritter .
his tie was still pushed up against his adam 's apple , and he looked pale and worried .
a harmonious and deep southern twang came through , edged with age , but as familiar as apple pie .
through skin and adam 's apple , and through his spine , as well , severing it .
he looked away , adjusted his tie , giving his adam 's apple more wiggle room .
his adam 's apple rested directly on top of his collar .
next to his adam 's apple was a thick , carotid vein .
seated at a corner table of the diner , with a clear view to all the exits , he nibbled on his third piece of apple pie and downed his umpteenth cup of coffee .
everything about him said apple pie : from his wheat - blond hair , shorn into an army standard crew cut , to his square - jawed face and broad shoulders .
since he 'd woken up , they brought him food , whatever he asked for : burgers , fries , pizza , ice cream , and apple jacks cereal .
in the span of a heartbeat , zev had my knife in his hand , and he dragged the point gently across the surface of my assailant 's adam 's apple .
eddie 's adam 's apple bobbed upward , and my eyes lit on a series of tiny cuts in the surface of his skin .
for a moment , it was like the years melted away , and i saw the scrawny kid he had once been , grinning like a fool because he 'd managed to steal a couple of apples for him , eva , and me to eat .
celery , apples , golden raisins , lemon zest , and a sour cream - mayo dressing flavored the chicken salad , while the crusty bread provided crunch and contrast .
tables full of honey , strawberry preserves , and apple butter .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bouncing up and down like a yo - yo in his throat .
jo - jo had just finished making us all some hot apple cider when finn came strolling in through the kitchen door .
` ` or i 'll peel the skin from your throat like it 's an apple .
either way , it made me curious enough to want to find out - and to upset whatever apple cart kincaid had so thoughtfully arranged .
home - canned apples , flour , buttermilk , salt , sugar , and more soon crowded onto the counter , and i filled a pan with oil and let it start warming on the stove .
a heaping scoop of apples went into the center of each piece of dough , which i then folded over , crimping the edges together with a fork , making a half - moon - shaped pie .
when they were done , i slid the fried apple goodness onto a plate .
he sat in a chair , leaned forward , grabbed two of the apple pies and wolfed them down , along with a glass of milk .
i ate a pie as well , although the buttery , fried dough and sweet apples failed to satisfy me like they usually did .
i made chocolate chip pancakes , smoked maple bacon , cheesy scrambled eggs , whole wheat toast with homemade apple butter , and a sparkling grapefruit punch for eva and owen .
kincaid swallowed at my threat , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down and scraping against the knife in my hand .
at some point , salina must have gotten bored with making me bob up and down like a halloween apple , because the tentacles wrapped me around a final time - and then dragged me down to the bottom of the creek .
in addition to the deep - fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken - apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
her smile stayed soft and pleasant , her voice as warm and welcoming as apple pie , but her eyes took on a chillingly empty look .
he swallowed once , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down like a fishing lure that was stuck in his throat .
half an hour ago , the giant had been sitting in a booth in the restaurant , chowing down on a double bacon cheeseburger , sweet potato fries , and a big piece of apple pie and talking to the friend he 'd brought along .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple scraping against the blade .
it was a clear , cloudless night , the stars seeming almost close enough to touch , like glittering tiny apples hanging low on the black velvet tree of the sky .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down in his throat .
when that was done , i grabbed a piece of pumpkin cheesecake studded with chunks of golden apples out of the fridge , topped it with some fresh whipped cream , and sprinkled everything with a bit of cinnamon .
the rich , thick pumpkin filling , the faint crunch of the apples , the warmth of the cinnamon , and the light , airy cream made for a delectable dessert - so delectable that i went back for another piece .
so hungry that i was actually considering eating the withered brown apple i 'd plucked out of the dumpster behind this dive bar in southtown .
i did n't know why there was an apple in the trash outside a gin joint , but it was the only thing i 'd been able to find today that was even remotely edible .
despite the constant grumbles in my stomach urging me on , i still held the apple out with two fingers , as if it might bite me like the rats that lived in the alleys sometimes did .
if the apple killed me , well , maybe that would be for the best .
all too soon , the apple was gone , and i was left with nothing but a rotten core .
silvio swallowed , his adam 's apple bumping up against the edge of my knife , but he did n't respond to my taunt .
even the golden apples in hera 's orchard had fallen off the bare branches of the sacred tree . ''
on it was a picture of an apple .
` ` so she is obsessed with hades and apples .
what do we know about these apples ? ''
quietly she sulked until , consumed by her need for revenge , she picked a golden apple , wrote ` ` kallistri , '' meaning ` ` to the fairest , '' upon its golden skin , and tossed it in the midst of the celebrating olympians .
he needs to get the golden apples of immortality from hera 's orchard . ''
` ` immortality apples , '' he said .
spider lynn is terminally ill . she 's obsessed with apples of immortality , probably because she thinks they can cure her .
` ` hades stole persephone , who was the daughter of demeter , goddess of harvest , who controlled the seasons , which affected hera 's apples of immortality .
` ` it says here that apples are the food of the gods .
during the flares , one of the shrines randomly grows an apple tree , which bears fruit . ''
` ` hera 's apples , '' i said .
` ` the vikings call them idun 's apples , the russians call them apples of youth , and we call them persephone 's apples .
` ` the vikings call them idun 's apples , the russians call them apples of youth , and we call them persephone 's apples .
` ` the vikings call them idun 's apples , the russians call them apples of youth , and we call them persephone 's apples .
the apples are supposed to grant youth and long life span to gods .
when eaten by normal humans , who do n't have persephone 's gift or immunity to it , the apples produce horrible consequences .
that 's why we guard the tree until the apples ripen and sacrifice the fruit to hades .
no part of the apples must remain in our world .
it is my duty to make sure the apples are destroyed .
she 's dying and she wants the apples for herself .
but i beg you , please , do n't let her get the apples .
it will unlock the ward and let you pick up the apples . ''
i only wish that i had lived a few days longer so i could destroy the apples myself instead of forcing this burden on you .
we had to get the apples away from lynn .
four yellow apples hung from the branches .
the fifth apple , with a small piece bitten off , lay on the grass , by the hand of a dark - haired woman .
` ` i done told you to leave the apples alone . ''
i would have liked to come down earlier and start chopping people 's heads off , but i have to sit on my hands and wait until someone bites the damn apple .
` ` the apples . ''
` ` i 'll take care of the apples , '' teddy jo said .
` ` i ' ve got something for you here , '' i said , and showed her a sack of apples .
` ` can the company handle persephone 's apples ? ''
i had made an apple pie a couple of days ago , and i still had a slice left for tonight .
the apple pie beckoned .
and apple pie , like the one you made before .
jeremiah gulped , slayer 's blade sliding a little on his adam'a apple .
` ` apples and oranges , '' i said dully .
in the orchard , twenty yards from the house , sean evans was urinating on my apple tree .
stop marking your territory on my apple tree . ''
` ` it wo n't hurt the apples . ''
you ' ve probably never grown an apple tree in your entire life . ''
you blew me off and decided to limit your involvement to poisoning my apples . ''
sean spun around and ran to the nearest apple tree .
sean swore , plucked a small unripe apple from the tree , took aim , and dropped it on her head .
he grabbed another apple and hurled it like a baseball .
a barrage of apples pounded the grass .
karina found granny smith apples in the bottom of the fridge and checked the drawers .
she fished a medium - sized knife from the drawer , peeled the apples , cored and chopped them , and set them to fry slowly , sprinkling them with brown sugar .
she took the cinnamon and sprinkled it on the apples .
she stirred the apples with a wooden spoon , then pulled the bacon out of the microwave and peeled it from the paper towels .
` ` i made your favorite apples . ''
he pondered it , frustrated , then piled the apples atop the pancakes and drenched the whole thing in maple syrup .
lucas sliced pancakes with his fork , pierced a slice of the apple , and maneuvered the whole thing into his mouth .
emily dug into her pocket and pulled out a half - eaten apple .
` ` emily , you know you 're not supposed to have that ... '' cedric sniffed at the apple .
emily held the apple out .
the black nose sniffed the apple , the jaws opened and closed , and the beast bit a small chunk from the fruit and chewed in obvious pleasure .
cedric finished his apple in a hurried gulp , rolled to his paws , and followed her to the tree .
what 's the problem with her having an apple ? ''
she took the bottle with the picture of a green apple on the side , picked up a bar of soap at random , and stepped into the shower .
i did n't know if the apple bullets worked on demons , but they might slow it down .
` ` next time you want to kill a vampire you might try apple wood . ''
it was apple wood . ''
if that was apple wood , why am i still alive ? ''
if i had to guess , the apple wood did n't kill me because of my half - mage blood .
and figuring out why i was n't dead from that apple wood arrow .
as far as weapons went , an apple wood stake was quite effective .
he threw the knife to me , and i caught it by the apple wood handle .
now , however , i pulled two apple wood chopsticks from my saddlebags .
my immunity to apples might be related .
too bad i could n't ask her about the apple thing , too .
in a fluid motion , i pulled two apple wood stakes from my waistband .
` ` apple cider , '' she said .
with a foot , vinca kicked the apple mace at my hand .
his body exploded when the apple wood shaft hit him .
the apple wood slammed through my chest plate .
i cursed , realizing i 'd left it in adam 's center console along with a box of apple cider bullets .
the gunfire earlier had shattered the glass and most of the bottles and cans , but i managed to find a bottle of apple juice among the wreckage .
the resulting odor was a bizarre mix of smoke , apple , and nacho cheese .
but my heel was sticky from the apple juice and slipped out from under me .
just beyond it , a door painted apple green was covered with symbols written in gold paint .
the hole was already closing , entombing the bullet lodged there - a morbid souvenir of my first visit to the big apple .
you ' ve survived being staked by apple wood not once , but twice .
the scent of wet dog and apple juice drifted to my nose .
that apple cologne he 's wearing might not hurt you , but he 's strong enough to rip off your head if you 're not careful . ''
the words she 'd spoken when she found out i was immune to the apple stake she 'd slammed into my chest .
the alloy used to make my special apple bullets contained brass , which dampened the spell .
` ` apple juice and strychnine . ''
without the apple to remove my immortality the poison had n't killed me , but that certainly explained my violent reaction to the brew .
` ` it 's got apple bullets . ''
the first happened when rhea 's turncoat assistant , damara , had tried to poison me with a mixture of strychnine and apple juice .
` ` and before you ask , yes , i remembered the apple bullets this time . ''
he swallowed so hard his adam 's apple bobbed frantically among his jowls .
i laid out my weapons on the table : my specially made handgun with a handful of vampire - killing apple bullets , two mundane glocks , a couple of daggers with applewood handles .
` ` the despina decided to come to the big apple early to finalize some of the finer points of the treaty with the hekate council . ''
a single , surgical line ran from his adam 's apple to his groin .
` ` what brings you to the big apple ? ''
he swallowed hard , making his adam 's apple bob beneath his many chins .
it appears the killer added apple juice and strychnine to the wine . ''
turning her head side to side to check for company , she pulled a vial out of her back pocket and poured its contents - presumably the apple cider and poison - into each of the goblets .
her curly red hair shone like a shiny red apple .
his long , red hair - the color of the shiny red apple that tempted eve - fell across broad shoulders .
when he 'd moved to the big apple to launch his singing career , brooks had adopted his female drag persona full - time , going so far as insisting we call ` ` her '' pussy willow .
` ` i see the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
but i spent hours at the market looking for the perfect apple .
` ` but finally i found a ripe juicy red one after staring at the apple cart for nearly an hour .
i stopped and said , ` ` not that it makes much difference , but i ' m glad you never ate that apple . ''
` ` i never said i did n't eat the apple . ''
adam had provided the apple bullets .
only the golden leaves of a few apple trees broke up the red and black theme .
only instead of the common red apples of the mortal realm , these had black skin .
` ` apple trees ? ''
now that they were in irkalla , the dead vamps could indulge in apples for eternity .
` ` these are n't normal apples .
adam raised his brows and stuck a couple of the apples into his pack .
she took the apple from me and threw it .
one held a black apple like the ones i 'd seen outside .
the ancient who had n't spoken once since our arrival stepped forward and handed me the apple .
i raised the apple to my lips .
the apple slammed to the floor .
` ` by the way she talked , '' brooks continued , ` ` sounded like she 'd been bitten by the big apple instead of the other way around .
the bullets wo n't hurt you until the apple cider embedded in their core takes effect . ''
it went back to the origins of our race in the garden of eden and eve 's apple , which robbed humans of their mortality .
that was an apple cider bullet . ''
did you find half a worm in the apple you just bit ?
it slid through vampire flesh like a knife through a crisp apple .
curran looked like he bit into a rotten apple .
none of your clothes fit , because your maternica is stretched out from the size of an apple to a basketball .
i recognized apple , pear , cherry .
` ` i can eat apples of immortality .
i made you an apple pie with them once . ''
okay , the next time you decide to put magic apples into my pie , i want to be notified of that before i eat it . ''
` ` apple pie is in the fridge . ''
hugh coming december 2011 the end < br/ > prologue no matter how carefully i patted the chopped apples into place , the top crust of my apple pie always looked like i 'd tried to bury a dismembered body under it .
hugh coming december 2011 the end < br/ > prologue no matter how carefully i patted the chopped apples into place , the top crust of my apple pie always looked like i 'd tried to bury a dismembered body under it .
vik turned the color of a ripe apple .
` ` you owe me for the apples , '' i said into the phone .
magic apples thawed well .
then when i was making caramel apples it occurred to me to hide the silver in something a vampire would think was harmless .
finally , he fixed piercing eyes on me and burst out , ` ` are you telling me bloody caramel apples and books taught you how to kill vampires ?
` ` that whole apple business makes it harder for me to criticize . ''
some plain , some stuffed with sweet , juicy slices of apples and pears , some filled with honey ham and bread - and - butter pickles , and some bulging with thick slices of tomato sprinkled with salt , pepper , and a touch of dill weed .
real pitchers of lemonade sat on the table , along with a plate of half - eaten sugar cookies and apple slices that had already turned brown .
` ` there were only two apple pies and three blackberry cobblers , but there were definitely four pieces of pumpkin pie . ''
` ` maybe we should have stopped with the apple pies , '' ezra murmured absently before moving into our room .
it was apple pie .
he had n't touched it , and i knew he loved apple pie .
written with apple pie sauce - probably with his spoon it was so terrible - on the side of the plate in teeny - tiny scrawl was : fair .
it traveled through lili , and into me , tasting like crab apple .
the ward tasted tart and old , like biting into an unripe crab apple .
the one that tastes like crab apple ? ''
it was crab apple .
she desired knowledge of her fate and she thought this job would be as easy as plucking an apple from a tree . ''
the charming southern drawl should ' ve sounded like a good ol ' boy full of apple pie , but instead it was like a pie full of buzzing wasps .
you got any apple pie ? ''
she thumbed through a magazine , then went into the kitchen to get an apple .
she also found a box of apples , bananas , and oranges .
she added an apple , a banana , and a few cookies to the plate and carried everything upstairs to the back parlor .
in the last two days , she had baked an apple pie , two cakes -- one chocolate and one strawberry -- and dozens of different kinds of cookies .
he had n't followed her into the bathroom , but he followed her now , pausing inside the doorway while she opened the refrigerator and withdrew a bright red apple .
` ` you ' ve missed every meal since you got here , but you 're not getting away without trying my dutch apple pie .
now you just sit down and try this and tell me if it is n't the best apple pie you ' ve ever tasted . ''
` ` go on with you now , i ' ve never met a man yet who did n't love my apple pie . ''
` ` mom really does make the best apple pie , '' she said , her voice filled with pride and affection .
he was watching her mother as she cut a huge slice of apple pie .
he shook his head , his nostrils filling with the scent of apples and cinnamon , sugar and flour .
he had survived for centuries , only to be done in by a slice of homemade apple pie .
instead of driving a wooden stake through his heart , all you had to do was stuff him with homemade apple pie .
` ` are you allergic to apples or cinnamon or something ? ''
` ` i mean , i did , once , '' she said , remembering her mother 's apple pie and ronan 's reaction to it .
i made an apple pie . ''
` ` you make a mean apple pie , '' wanda remarked , licking the last of the crumbs from her lips .
` ` my lair in the big apple . ''
and maybe that apple pie .
later , she went into the kitchen for a glass of milk and an apple , then went back upstairs where she spent forty minutes cleaning out her closet , boxing old clothes and shoes she knew she would never wear again , as well as some old games and dolls .
she dropped a few apples and a doughnut into a sack ; then , holding her breath , she opened the back door as quietly as possible and slipped outside .
when she was certain the beast was n't going to attack her , she walked toward the sofa , intent on rooting around in her sack for one of the apples and the doughnut she had brought with her , only to be sidetracked when she noticed a covered tray , a carafe of some kind - was it actually a medieval flagon ? -and a goblet , all of which looked like they were made of gold , sitting on a large , rough - hewn trestle table against the far wall .
deepdish apple pie .
she would miss real food - apples and oranges , artichokes and tomatoes , a good steak .
finally she cut up an apple and let her children feed a few chunks to the pony , and he seemed content with the treat .
she also gave them treats every workday morning - carrots or apples or , on moonsday , sugar lumps .
used to bring chunks of carrot or apple with me .
chapter 4 the experiment with the coffeemaker was an unqualified disaster , so meg settled for a bowl of cereal and an apple - and promised herself a ten - minute break to run over to a little bite and get a large cup of coffee as soon as the shop opened .
or it was more peaceful until she reached the bottom of the stairs and spotted simon wolfgard coming out of a little bite with one of those big covered mugs she had seen yesterday when she stopped in the market square grocery store to buy apples and carrots .
how many apples for how many ponies ?
her mind on ponies and apples and what she might do on her day off , meg pulled aside the drape and looked down at the street - and forgot all about sleeping .
she 'd meant to run over to the grocery store for carrots or apples .
then she grabbed her coat and the bag of apples for the ponies , stuffed her feet into her boots , and locked her door .
she saw his adam 's apple go up and down .
helen , looking a bit squeamish , had a bloody apple in her other hand and a bloody knife sitting in her lap .
she stared at his chest , afraid if she looked him in the eyes , she 'd turned candy apple red again .
she saw his adam 's apple shift as he swallowed .
his large adams apple , protruding out of his neck , made him even more desirable .
it was as sweet as a peach and as tempting as the apple had been to eve .
his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed and dazedly looked around the hall .
melissa dropped her lunch bag on the table , sliding into her chair she dug out an apple , biting into it .
` ` robert was serious , studious , smart , the apple of my father 's eye , his one true son .
` ` i just bring my own lunch anyway as they have nothing healthy here , except for apples . ''
she was sitting at a table , an apple held casually in her hand as she stared up at the boy standing at her side .
she shook her head at him , placing the apple down as her face hardened slightly .
he could n't take his eyes away from her as she lowered her lids slowly , once again focusing on the table as she dropped her half eaten apple on the tray .
chapter 8 cassie breezed into the kitchen , humming cheerfully under her breath as she grabbed an apple from a bowl on the center island .
cassie shrugged as she shoved the apple into her bag .
braith cursed loudly , he jerked his broken hand back as caleb thrust his fingers into braith 's adam 's apple .
she knew now there were bad apples among both human and vampire alike .
` ` it 's a giant apple tree that william and i discovered .
he leaned forward , she thought he was going to kiss her , but instead he picked up a piece of apple and handed it to her .
she bit into the apple though as he grinned at her .
there were no apples now and the leaves had already started to turn subtle hues of gold and orange that shimmered in the sunlight .
she could almost hear william 's laughter floating to her from below as he ran about trying to catch the apples she plucked and tossed down to him .
it was simply an extremely large apple tree , but it had seemed massive and wonderful to them as they spent hours climbing its massive limbs , and gorging themselves on the apples they picked from it .
it was simply an extremely large apple tree , but it had seemed massive and wonderful to them as they spent hours climbing its massive limbs , and gorging themselves on the apples they picked from it .
she picked up a piece of apple and began to chew on it , barely tasting its sweetness in her mouth as she thought over his words .
he smiled nervously , his cheeks rounding like crab apples .
his adam 's apple bobbed above the high collar of his shirt .
` ` i think that the rake is more like an apple that has fallen not so far from the tree .
she could see the pulse pounding in a distended vein on the man 's forehead , and the way his adam 's apple jerked and jumped .
` ` that apple pie was almost as good as lissa 's , '' winkler sighed .
the cook had prepared barbecued ribs and chicken for the crowd , with potato salad , baked beans , rolls and apple pie for dessert .
corent was off with another crew , harvesting apples .
he sent bushels of apples every year to the queen 's palace .
` ` if you sell apple pie , you 'll have people lined up at the door , '' grant sighed .
he loved apple pie .
` ` we 'll sell apple pie and you can eat what we do n't sell , '' i gave him a hug .
i selected an apple orchard , the early spring blossoms white and waving in the breeze , casting their sweet smell toward the river .
i was silent as i used claws to sever branches , carefully laying them out on the cleared ground north of the apple orchard .
` ` lead the way , '' tiearan gestured with his hands , and rain led him toward the apple orchard .
` ` you want an apple pie ? ''
i was thinking about putting an apple pie together .
just about every mate i had , plus garde , erland , adam , merrill , gabron , frank , shane and tomas was in the kitchen after a while , waiting for eight apple pies to bake .
i had n't realized they had n't had my apple pies before .
` ` i made apple pies , so i brought some for you , '' i said .
apple pies waited for dessert ; our host had apples in a basket he intended to give us for our trip .
apple pies waited for dessert ; our host had apples in a basket he intended to give us for our trip .
* * * ` ` it 's useless - he ca n't write or speak to give you the recipe - he only remembers how to cook and we are very thankful for that , '' gardevik informed his host , who begged to have instructions for making apple pies written down .
` ` those high demons should be kissing her feet , and the only word i got was a request from gardevik , asking if she 'd mind coming back and making an apple pie . ''
they had two apple pies waiting for dessert , too .
weldon carved up the turkey for everyone and the werewolves stuffed themselves on turkey and dressing , mashed potatoes and giblet gravy , green bean casserole , a broccoli rice casserole in case you did n't do green beans , corn on the cob , yams , fresh rolls , pumpkin , pecan , apple and chocolate pies .
` ` i got the last of the apple . ''
lissa made excellent apple pie .
just as a practical joke , i threw in a couple bags of salad , fruit juice , bananas and apples , plus a few gourmet cheeses .
he handed the knife over with a smile , so i started slicing up apples , pineapple and peaches .
his jaw is hard , and his adam 's apple bobs up and down .
those kinds of duties generally go to the types of boys and girls who deliver apples , answer questions , and smile a lot .
it 's a little bit like one we use in the hushlands : ' the apple does n't fall far from the tree . '
( it figures that the librarian version would use apples instead of something cool , like bears . )
i ' m not sure how he got hit on the head with an apple while standing up so high in the air , but the quote is quite good .
she unrolls a blanket onto the small lawn while rashmi and i unpack tiny apples and prosciutto sandwiches and stinky cheeses from our backpacks .
josh bites into a pink apple and talks through a full mouth .
i see a hint of golden apple tarte tatins .
his ears are apple red .
he shrugs , but his adam 's apple bobs in his throat , a dead giveaway that he feels guilty for asking .
our tongues turned green - apple green , but we talked for so long that by the time we returned home , they were pink again .
the original order was for six pies total , but now we 're making six of each : classic pumpkin , vegan apple crumble , pear ginger , and sweet potato pecan .
cricket slices apples with rhythm and precision to the beat of ` ` peggy sue , '' while andy and i roll out dough in perfect synchronization .
he 's polishing the skin of a golden apple against his arm .
he sets the apple beside me .
the time it snowed on christmas , and my dad split up one of the old tv tables in the basement to use as firewood , and my mom made apple cider , and we tried to remember the words to ` ` silent night '' but ended up singing all our favorite show tunes .
she is the very apple of their eye , and she plainly loves them very much , too .
i was out on my own that day and i thought i 'd check out a rubbish bin where i 'd found some pretty decent apple cores the week before .
fin seemed to be hyper - aware of our closeness too because his throat was doing that thing again where i watched his adam 's apple bob up and down as he worked to swallow .
i lifted my eyes to meet fin 's and watched as he slowly swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing with the effort .
why do apples come in so many colours ?
jax only gave me a lunch break if he was in a very good mood , which was about as rare as blue apples .
his eyes had returned to neutral apple gold .
he sat with me for the rest of the day , only leaving me to bring sandwiches and a bottle of apple juice from the hospital canteen .
warden slid a red apple from his sleeve .
he tossed me the apple .
i held out my hand , presenting the apple .
he patted her neck and gave her another apple .
there was fruit , too : segments of pear , glossy cherries , soft smiles of red apple .
she had clear olive skin and apple - green eyes , and she kept her golden hair in sugar curls .
i ended up eating my way through the whole stack , along with two croissants with strawberry jam , a bowl of cornflakes , four slices of hot buttered toast , a plate of scrambled eggs , a red apple with crisp white innards , three cups of coffee , and an ice - cold pint of orange juice .
his breath smelled like apples .
nick and i both reacted at the same time : nick tripped the boy , sending him flying into the pavement , and pressed my hand against his adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple is going up and down , so i know something is wrong .
i just looked over at her with my eyebrows raised , taking a bite out of an apple .
` ` all you 're getting is a granola bar and an apple ? ''
my mother said , picking through a pile of apples and putting a few that met her approval in a produce bag .
i glanced around and noticed the small cooler with bottles of water and the tray that held a sandwich , a granola bar , and an apple .
there was something that looked like a whole roast pig , with an apple stuck in its mouth .
my missing sock , an apple core , her reading glasses , another book , a fork . ''
lena had a sandwich and an apple .
i ' m happy to see the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
what do they say about the bad apple ? ''
` ` i was there when you lost your first tooth in that apple , and your wheels in the pinewood derby .
not to mention the pie fillings and preserves - peach , plum , rhubarb , apple , cherry .
she looked like an apple baking in the sun , wrinkling in ways that seemed impossible .
and the annual bake - off between amma 's pecan pie , amma 's apple pie , and amma 's pumpkin pie .
a raggedy ann doll curled in a rocking chair , a huge green jewel the size of an apple resting in her lap .
he 'd kept their daddy 's daddy 's daddy from the southeast corner of his old apple orchard , which was rightfully his , and his daddy 's daddy from a seat on the county board , which also was rightfully his .
lance pulled an apple from one of the bags , rubbed it on his sleeve , and took a bite .
as the apple core hit the bottom of the trash can , the thunk drew her out of her daydream .
when sawyer did n't appear to have anything but an apple in her bag , i gave her half my sandwich and a bag of pretzels .
i grabbed an apple and a soda , noting there was n't a single pure in the lunchroom .
i did n't think ; i just launched my shiny red apple right at her face .
a throw like that from a half - blood turned an apple into a serious weapon .
` ` now , i ' m pulled out of an investigation that will make or break my career here , all because my half - blood niece broke a girl 's nose in the cafeteria ... with an apple , of all things . ''
` ` so your natural response is to throw an apple at her face hard enough to break a bone ? ''
` ` i 'll ask you one more time : so you decided to throw an apple hard enough to break a bone ? ''
i said the first thing that came to mind , ` ` i did n't think the apple would break her nose . ''
` ` you broke a girl 's nose with an apple . ''
there was a very good chance i might hit him , but with my fist instead of an apple .
it 's probably what made you turn an apple into a deadly weapon .
the daimon attack , the apple assault , bitchy furies , the impending council session , and everything else kept cycling in one giant , endless cluster .
you throw apples in people 's faces when you 're angry .
i threw an apple at lea 's face .
when we 'd moved her to the safe house deep in apple river , illinois , we 'd almost lost her .
` ` apple river , '' aiden said , keeping watch by the large picture window .
my brain was stuck on the name apple river being real .
lea sounded entirely too mature to be the girl i 'd thrown an apple at a couple of months ago .
i bet , if we lived in some place like apple river , he 'd still check the yard every night .
a few months ago , if i 'd had control over the element then , i would ' ve tossed her around the forest for the fun of it , maybe even thrown another apple at her face .
i was sure i tasted of dirt and sour apple , courtesy of the blow pop i 'd been nursing earlier , but he made this sound against my mouth , part growl and part something deeper .
` ` and you could n't have waited until we got back to apple river ? ''
we arrived back at apple river just as the sky overhead was turning from black to a dark blue .
throwing apples was one thing .
olivia rammed the display of bananas and then the back of my legs when i stopped to grab a bag of apples .
flowers and leaves all twisted around each other - words , alphabets , apples , oranges , urns , and weeping willow trees - all made out of thread on white cloth and framed with fine wood and ... ` ` yes .
` ` it is apple cider .
i take her back to her stall and feed her an apple from the barrel that 's kept in the stable for just such a purpose .
he carefully places a forkful of food in his mouth and chews evenly and slowly and does not speak until he swallows , his adam 's apple working up and down in his neck .
i often slip over to the stables and pet her and feed her bits of apple and such .
peg fusses over me a bit and then says , ` ` go over and feed some apples to that nag you love so much .
over at the stables i put an apple in the palm of my hand and gretchen takes it oh - so - gentle and i bury my face in her silken mane and it soothes and gentles my mind .
she whinnies when she sees me , and i take an apple from a bin and give it to her .
there are ripe apples hanging from branches overhead and we feed them to gretchen and hildy and we eat some ourselves .
from a barrel of apples tucked beneath an overhang , i takes one and goes over to his sheikship .
` ` here , have an apple . ''
i holds out the apple and he pulls back his lips over his huge teeth and he bites me .
i jump to the ground and pick up the spurned apple and hop back up to confront the horse again .
have an apple , and if you bite me again , i will smack you again .
i offer the apple on my open palm .
the horse looks at the apple and then looks nervously up at my other hand raised and ready to strike him on the nose should he be so bold as to try another assault on my poor hand .
he looks back down at the apple and then , very gently , the sheik of araby takes the apple .
he looks back down at the apple and then , very gently , the sheik of araby takes the apple .
it is disgustin ' to see his gristly adam 's apple bob up and down .
i give him pieces of dried apple , which he takes off my palm with great gentleness , and i say to george swindow , who 's the head hostler , ` ` please , george , tell me you 'll allow me to ride him later . ''
epigynous ( i - pi - j - ns ) : having oral parts at ached to or near the summit of the ovary , as in the flower of the apple , cucumber , or daf odil .
it was there on the coffin : two plates of apple strudel , along with tea .
nectar and salt and apples .
and with that , they had spent an entire evening at poison - with mik , incidentally , zuzana 's ` ` violin boy '' and now official boyfriend - drinking apple tea and playing the game how much would your life have to suck to want the apocalypse ?
she would talk with him for a minute , munching on her apple , about her day , about his song , about life in general , give him a peck on the cheek and say , ` ` oh , dad ! ''
thankfully i had a stash of granola bars in my closet and a whole case of apple juice .
i whispered , tracing the line of his jaw , trailing my finger down over his adam 's apple as he swallowed .
orange , grapefruit , apple , you name it .
` ` apple 's up top .
i stretched out to take his offered hand , my fingers brushing his , when my stepfather shoved dale aside with enough force to throw him against the desk , knocking the chair over on its side and spilling apple juice onto the floor .
she is trying to gnaw on it , like an apple , with her little - kid teeth .
it grew and flowered into a magnificent apple tree , which bore apples as bright as blood . ''
it grew and flowered into a magnificent apple tree , which bore apples as bright as blood . ''
a band is always playing and vendors set up their carts , selling fried meat on skewers and corn on the cob and apple pie floating in a puddle of ice cream , served in little paper boats .
she smells like apple soap and a little like sweat .
one or two bad apples ... '' ` ` one or two bad apples can mean the whole tree is rotten , '' mrs . hargrove says primly .
one or two bad apples ... '' ` ` one or two bad apples can mean the whole tree is rotten , '' mrs . hargrove says primly .
the cinnamon scent filled me last , reminding me of the apple pies that she only made during the holidays , and that i craved year round .
i begin to unload the groceries , putting the meat and frozen apple juice in the freezer .
` ` so , susan 's daughter ... '' he leans his elbows on the counter , looks at a small wooden apple a customer gave us years ago , and starts spinning it like a top .
i grab an apple out of the bowl and take a bite .
i follow him , eating the apple as we go .
grapes , apples , cherries , all formed out of flames .
i had n't thought to bring an apple i could use to entice them forward .
bent over the bowl , shoving apples and bananas into their mouths , were cole and max .
i had no right to be jealous , but i found myself squeezing my apple .
the volunteers were to meet at campaign headquarters on apple blossom road .
` ` like a recipe for a poison apple ? ''
he 's a hardcore design geek , and his room is an orchard of apple products .
i run upstairs and find it in his closet - a bag festooned with post - its , each of them filled in with something his parents have said to him over the years , from a is for apple to always remember to check your blind spot .
his adam 's apple bobbed , and he looked up .
the apple does n't fall very far from the tree , i guess . ''
i grabbed a coke and an apple from the fridge and headed upstairs to my room , debating whether or not to do my homework .
he paused , his adams apple noticeably bobbing up and down as he swallowed hard .
he stared at me impassively , but i caught his adams apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed hard .
laylen 's adam 's apple bobbed up and down as he swallowed hard .
his adam s apple bobbed .
i vote the apple .
i watched his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed .
` ` blake 's a good apple .
the one eve stole the apple from ? ''
there 's an apple orchard close that people like to visit in the fall .
picking up an apple , he leaned back in an arrogant sprawl .
kyler winked as he took a bite of the apple .
the whole lower floor smelled like apple pie and cinnamon - usually my favorite .
i wanted more than anything to go after him and to nail his apple green willys coupe , all shiny and new .
` ` senator , '' bex said , extending her hand toward the man , sounding as american as apple pie and loving the charade .
people kept walking by carrying corn dogs and caramel apples - lots of calories on sticks - and i suddenly remembered that while our chef makes an awesome creme brulee , his corn dogs really do leave something to be desired .
an apple pie was cooling on a rack by the stove .
i watched from the bushes , frozen in terror , as i realized that my two best friends were about to land on top of the cutest boy i ' ve ever seen - and the apple pie he was carrying .
` ` apple , '' macey said .
her blue eyes seemed especially big and bright as she looked at me and whispered again , ` ` apple . ''
her hands were shaking as i pulled the apple from my tray and held it beneath the table .
liz said , and in the next second the apple passed beneath the table from liz 's hand to bex 's .
the apple he 's been carrying slipped from his grasp and tumbled through the sir , right into bex 's outstretched palm .
` ` mind where you 're going , baxter , '' he said as she handed one apple back to him .
but there was a glint in bex 's eyes as she turned her back to us , pulled another apple from behind her back , and took a big bite .
his blue eyes had warmed somehow , as though something in that apple had caused all his defenses to thaw .
it 's more like ... what is it you americans say ... we dangled an apple out in front of joe solomon and - '' ` ` the term is carrot , '' my mother corrected .
maybe you use apples for something else ? ''
` ` in the apple ? ''
put some nasty concoction inside the apple of an unsuspecting teacher ? ''
liz was down below , curled up in a little ball , eating green apples and every kind of anti - nausea medication we were able to smuggle out of the school 's medical wing .
angus pulled an apple from a bowl on the marble counter and took a big bite as he said , ` ` hale 's aunt inherited the place , and she 's kind of ... '' ` ` unpleasant , '' hamish filled in while angus provided his own ( far less flattering ) word .
it 's apple juice .
i love apple juice .
you could spray a whole can of whipped cream into your mouth all in one sitting and still have less carbs in your system than one nutritious apple .
i mean , here i am , sitting in my own personal eden with ty as tempting as eve 's apple , and i ' m thinking about a guy who i thought was my best friend .
i see his adam 's apple shift as he swallows .
then one day her dad , brother john , decided to plant an apple tree right in the middle of our spot .
we stole some in an attempt to blow up the apple tree , so we could have our tanning spot back .
will brings apple slices and cheese , and i carry bo down the steps to the basement and soon we 're watching school of rock , 'cause bo loves the music .
will sits on the cushion right next to me , and bo wedges himself between us , and after eating his cheese and apple , he promptly falls asleep against will 's side .
the smell of apple wafts under my nose .
will scrunches his forehead , stands , and leaves the cafeteria without saying a word , abandoning his sandwich , chips , and apple .
he quickly drops his hand , and i see his adam 's apple shift as he swallows .
` ` you 're funny and you can paint a mean watercolor painting of apples in a barrel and you ' ve got a great body . ''
i ask , thinking of my apples in a barrel painting .
last time she had one they played truth or dare and someone got dared to launch an apple pie water gun kissing attack at me . ''
` ` we 'd better escape before an apple pie water gun attack happens .
his adam 's apple shifts as he swallows , taking me in .
i hand jack two bags full of baby carrots and sliced apples ; then i mount star and steer him to the starting gate .
` ` feed him an apple slice , '' i call out , and jack follows my orders .
star munches on his apple .
i stand with star , feeding him apples and carrots , while lucky strikes moves in and out of the gate , over and over .
i hold up the bag of carrots and apples .
vee opened a bag of dried apple chips .
three red fruits a day , two blue , a handful of green ... she held up an apple chip , examining it front to back .
prologue coldwater , maine fourteen months ago the fingers of the thorn - apple tree clawed at the windowpane behind harrison grey , and he dog - eared his page , no longer able to read through the racket .
scott 's adam 's apple quivered .
she 's got a gallon of apple juice in the fridge , but it 's the most fermented apple juice i ' ve ever taken a swig of . ''
she 's got a gallon of apple juice in the fridge , but it 's the most fermented apple juice i ' ve ever taken a swig of . ''
` ` a caramel apple from delphic beach ! ''
i loosened a presliced wedge from the caramel apple and bit it in half .
i picked up another apple slice and made a face at it .
` ` it 's like bobbing for apples , except every apple has a name of someone from the party attached .
` ` it 's like bobbing for apples , except every apple has a name of someone from the party attached .
she pushed me into the kitchen , toward the giant tub of water with red and green apples floating in it .
she gave me what looked like a playful shove , but it was forceful enough to send me stumbling to my knees in front of the tub of apples .
` ` red apples are matched to boys ' names , '' marcie added .
my nose bumped into one apple after another , but i could n't sink my teeth into any of them .
looks to me like you might be sucking face with apples all night , '' she returned sweetly , and the crowd howled with amusement .
i came this close to grabbing an apple with my hand and pressing it into my mouth , but figured marcie would disqualify the move .
just as i was about to come up for another breath , my front teeth crunched into a bloodred apple .
i chucked the apple at marcie and grabbed a towel , patting my face dry .
` ` and the lucky guy who gets a blind date with our drowned rat here is ... '' marcie pulled a sealed tube from the center of the cored apple .
then , a week ago , i cut my finger while slicing an apple .
` ` a rotten apple to the end ? ''
i placed two fingers on his adam 's apple .
and her cheeks , normally rosy like apples , have been repainted beige .
pulling an apple out of nowhere , he bit into it , smiling at me all the while .
rowan produced another apple and tossed it at me .
my stomach growled , and the apple felt cool and crisp in my hand .
` ` i can make it stop , you know , '' he said , munching on the last of his apple .
it was the fruit i 'd dropped , a single bite taken out of the flesh , like snow white 's poisoned apple .
only it was n't an apple now , but a big spotted toadstool , the fleshy insides white as bone .
` ` a few locks of your hair , '' cried a rat - faced imp , holding out a golden apple .
platters of meat and fish , raw fruits and vegetables , tiny cakes , candies , bottles of wine , and a huge roast pig with an apple in its mouth as the centerpiece .
puck paused with an apple in hand , raising an eyebrow .
i shook my head , and puck entered with a plate bearing sandwiches and apple slices .
he snickered and fell across the bed , helping himself to an apple slice as he got comfortable .
` ` off with the two streetrats , discussing strategy , '' puck replied , stuffing the whole apple wedge into his mouth .
i smelled apples on his breath , saw my own reflection in his eyes .
his gaze strayed to the scattered food on the floor , sandwiches and apple slices everywhere , and he bit down a sheepish grin .
so i lay on the bed , listening to the brownies scurry back and forth , cleaning up apple slices , while my mind replayed puck 's kiss until the memory was seared into my brain .
puck joined us , plunking into the seat beside me , munching an apple he 'd gotten from who knew where .
the wyldwood was too dark and tir na nog was too cold ; only in arcadia did the sun shine full and bright , and the sweetest apples grow on the trees over the thorn fence , always ripe for the picking .
i caught a hint of apple or mint or some kind of sweet fragrance , and for a second forgot what i was writing .
the ground was covered in pale sand , with bits of garbage scattered here and there ; the wrapper of a granola bar or a chewed apple core .
chapter seventeen apple orchard of doom ` ` bad kitty ! ''
i knew they were apple trees because the nearest one , a huge gnarled giant , had bright red clusters hanging everywhere .
i did n't even like apples that much , but i was suddenly filled with the desire to stuff my face with them .
` ` okay , hundreds of apple trees , all begging me to pick up an apple and eat it .
` ` okay , hundreds of apple trees , all begging me to pick up an apple and eat it .
` ` they 're just regular apples .
he was right ; the apples hung full and untouched on the branches or rotting on the ground .
if they catch someone poaching their apples , they grind their bones- '' ` ` to make their bread ? ''
and at the expense of repeating myself - do not touch any of the apples as we are making our way through the orchard .
` ` nasty apples .
plump apples dangled enticingly from the limbs or were scattered everywhere in the grass , not even a nibble taken from the skin .
what 's a few apples to them ? ''
as they talked , i continued to scan the orchard , trying to keep an eye out for these mysterious guardians and not to stare at the apples at the same time .
puck jerked , catching himself on the branch as a single apple fell from a cluster above him , bounced off his head and dropped with a thump to the grass .
the rumble turned into a roar as a few yards away , one of the trees shook violently , shedding apples everywhere , then began to rise from the ground .
dirt and apples tumbled away as a huge gnarled face pushed itself up from the grass , glaring at us with glowing yellow eyes .
the apple tree was perched on its head , still shedding fruit that bounced off its massive body , and it would ' ve been comical if it was n't completely terrifying .
the limb struck the earth like a wrecking ball , sending dirt and apples flying and making the ground shake .
a massive foot smashed down a few yards from the trunk , and the tree rustled and hissed , dropping apples everywhere , as the giant parted the branches overhead and spotted us .
` ` i do n't think ... i 'll look at apples the same way ... ever again , '' she panted .
tossing an apple in one hand , he crunched into it with a grin and winked at us .
the angles are deep , almost sharp , but his lips are pillowy and red , and there are enough apples in his cheeks to make pie .
he 's even taller than me , with short , unintentionally spiky hair and an adam 's apple as big as a doorknob .
her eyes are green , bright as autumn apples , and there 's a smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose .
aside from their height , they are identical , all tousled hair and gangly limbs and knobby adam 's apples .
` ` i made roast leg of lamb stuffed with apples and walnuts . ''
like apple spice .
i pay for an apple and coke from money my parents gave me this morning .
chapter nineteen while i wait for sam i walk through the house lifting inanimate objects up in the air without touching them : an apple from the kitchen counter , a fork in the sink , a small potted plant sitting beside the front window .
i eat my apple on the walk to school .
the half - eaten apple looks big in her small hand .
i press my forehead against the window and recognize a dilapidated barn , an old sign for apples , a green pickup still for sale .
we 're at a small motel adjacent to an apple orchard and a neighborhood soccer field .
during the day i ' m allowed to wander through the orchards , smelling the sweet rot of fallen apples .
from beneath the shade of the apple tree i wonder what it would be like to give myself to something as light and inconsequential as a game of soccer .
i walk over mushy , sweet - stinking apples , feeling them turn to goop beneath my feet .
i turn , ready to walk back to the motel , when a soccer ball comes rolling past me , scudding over broken apples .
andrew leaned forward and said in a low voice , ` ` your girl is going to turn into one huge , mother- '' ` ` finish that sentence and i will stab you in the eye with the spork bethany 's about to pull out of her bag for her apple sauce . ''
i grabbed an apple out of the fruit bowl and took a bite .
i leaned against the counter , grinning around the apple .
tossing the apple core in the garbage , i fiddled with the ring on my finger as i looked over the dresses on the table .
` ` there 's turkey , yams , cranberry sauce , mashed potatoes , green - bean casserole , some kind of apple crisp thing and pumpkin - kitten ?
blake pulled an apple from his bag .
blake grinned around his apple .
he looked at me like he doubted my iq as he finished off his apple .
he held up the core of his apple , frowning .
` ` see , there 's this place called an apple store and i went there , picked one out .
on the table there are six apples .
he picks up one of the apples and then sets it in front of henry .
the cook ... will and the children ate their last apples before we left .
instead of flowers , father buys two bushels of apples , and we lug them to the fence that has been erected to keep the beggars out .
he polishes an apple with the edge of his shirt and hands it to a little girl .
the boy tries to grab an apple from the basket .
` ` araby , '' father calls , ` ` buy more apples . ''
i buy all the apples i can find and drag them , bushel by bushel , over to father .
father hands him a coin as well as an apple , and he walks away beaming .
she eats two bites of her apple and then puts it carefully into her pocket .
i want to give her a second apple so that she can finish the one she started and have another to take home .
father glances at the apple in my hand and raises an eyebrow but does n't say anything .
i consider the ship , the copper accessories , the great wheel that will drive it forward , as i turn the cool apple over and over , passing it from hand to hand .
i take two steps forward and hold out the apple .
he does not put out his hand , but after a long moment of staring at the apple in my hand , he snatches it and then sits there , clasping it like a great prize .
thomas had just moved his attention to the four vast openings in the middle of the main walls of the glade when chuck arrived , a couple of sandwiches cradled in his arms , along with apples and two metal cups of water .
he continued to eat , munching on the apples as he studied the huge breaks in the walls .
he bit into an apple , then plopped on the ground beside chuck .
thomas looked down at his apple , then took a bite .
he swung off his pack and pulled out some water and an apple .
he took a bite of his apple , feeling surprisingly refreshed .
somewhat later , as i rise in my stirrups to pluck an apple from an overhanging branch , i catch a glimpse of someone , something , up around the bend in the road , flitting furtively into the bushes .
his face was hidden beneath the broad brim of his straw hat , but i could see his gnarled knuckles protruding from his frayed sleeves , and knobby yellow ankles the size of apples below his tattered trousers .
the apple - cheeked purveyor of , among other fruits and vegetables , apples , dropped his hands upon my shoulders and peered with sparkling green eyes into my upturned face .
the apple - cheeked purveyor of , among other fruits and vegetables , apples , dropped his hands upon my shoulders and peered with sparkling green eyes into my upturned face .
nervous now in the presence of this escalating domestic brawl , i grabbed an apple from the bin beside me .
i once hiked across the andes with only an apple in my pocket ... you 're quite certain , then , you were not downstairs ? ''
` ` for the same reason as newton 's apple .
his oversize adam 's apple jerked as each swallow was forced down .
i could hear my blood bubbling in his throat , and then he swallowed , his grotesquely large adam 's apple jerking madly .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed it back down .
-jacob riis twenty ` ` a beautiful day '' he burst into my room early the next morning bearing a tray burdened with eggs , toast , pancakes , sausages , cranberry muffins , apple cobbler , and orange juice .
in a lightless cellar flooded with human waste , a starving infant is held under until it drowns , its tiny lungs filled with the effluvia of six hundred of its fellow human beings , and then its face is peeled off , as one takes off the skin of an apple , peeled off , and cast into dante 's river ... ...
the doctor was standing in the kitchen when i came in , eating an apple .
he tossed an apple at me and bade me follow him upstairs .
i slipped the apple into my coat pocket ; i had no appetite .
he continued to chomp on his apple , even as tears of protest coursed down his cheeks .
i pulled from my pocket the apple that the monstrumologist had given me .
and red is not the color of apples or roses or the dresses that pretty girls wear in summertime .
in the white behind the gray , in the warm beyond the cold , in the silence past the ticking of the clock - she is baking a pie , an apple pie , your favorite .
a strand of hair loosed from her bun falling down her graceful neck , and her new apron , and a dab of flour upon her cheek , and how long her arms seem reaching into the oven , and the whole world smelling like apples .
the boy sits in his chair with his short legs swinging and his tall glass of milk , and he watches the flames consume her , and he is laughing while his mother burns , and the world still smells like apples .
the boy with the tall glass of milk in the kitchen that smelled like apples and no darkness , no darkness anywhere , no bodies in ash barrels , no blood caked on the soles of his shoes , no screaming of his name in the deadest hours of the night , no unwinding thing that compelled and repulsed , that whispered like the thunder , i am .
just the laughing sky , and trees adorned in gold and the abundance of stars that sing down and the boy with his milk and the smell of the earth , the undiminished whole of it , like apples .
back went the finely sculpted head , the large adam 's apple bobbed once , and the ice tinkled again in the empty glass .
in the warm kitchen a woman bakes her little boy an apple pie .
the doctor tried to turn his head to locate their other captor , and was rewarded by a hard yank of the rope against his neck , hard enough , he said , to bruise his adam 's apple .
` ` correct , will henry , but that is rather like newton 's saying the apple fell , so it must be on the ground !
i thought of the woman standing in the kitchen and the tall glass of milk and the smell of warm apples .
and then i smashed my right forearm into his adam 's apple .
and the whole world , down to the last inch of it , to smell like apples .
what heights might he have risen to if he had chosen a different path - if true passion could be chosen , like the ripest apple in the basket ?
warthrop picked up a knife and sliced off a piece of apple .
that , i think , is our best- '' i ram my fist into his adam 's apple .
` ` you ca n't let one bad apple ruin the whole barrel .
there 's a tiny apple orchard in the back of the house , and she always goes nuts in the fall , making as many pies as she can .
` ` maybe later you can show taylor the apples ? ''
` ` do you wan na see my apple trees ? ''
` ` do you wan na see the apple trees ? ''
the trees all had little green pre - apples on them .
` ` and a grand staircase and a den , and an apple orchard in the back .
` ` i ' m hoping the apple did n't fall far from the tree in this case , '' hunter said , passing me the syrup .
he gulps and nods , his adam 's apple working up and down .
i 'd managed to stuff my pocket with a couple of apples from a plate on that table so i hold one up to her mouth and she takes it ever so gently .
there 's a table big enough for all the garretts to eat at , but not big enough to contain the piles of newspapers and magazines and socks and snack wrappers and swim goggles , half - eaten apples and banana peels .
` ` do you have anything like plain carrots or celery or apples ?
i thought i 'd just go and come back a sophisticated woman who took her relationship to the next level in the big apple . ''
track 5 fiona apple : ` ` criminal '' this song is for bruce the first .
it 's the last stronghold of big apple sexism , i guess .
we played endless games of sorry ! , rummikub , apples to apples , and our own version of trivial pursuit , where we 'd use the board but make up our own categories and questions , usually about the other building residents .
we played endless games of sorry ! , rummikub , apples to apples , and our own version of trivial pursuit , where we 'd use the board but make up our own categories and questions , usually about the other building residents .
i sob when he brings me a piece of gramps 's apple pie .
it 's decorated in fuchsia and apple green , the colors her mother 's decorator picked out for her .
i grab an apple from a bowl on the counter .
maybe it stands for amender or ax maiden or apple thrower . ''
` ` apple thrower ? ''
once , she 'd spent a whole sunday in a reykjavik bar , vehemently arguing with an adrien brody look - alike about its theme ... between swilling delicious apple vodka martinis and playing footsie with him under the table , that is .
hanna 's adam 's apple rose with a nervous swallow .
the living room smelled like apple and peach potpourri .
for dessert , mrs . colbert brought out an apple pie and a pot of coffee .
his adam 's apple bobbed up and down .
melissa made a left onto weavertown road , which was narrow and filled with apple orchards and farm co - ops .
chapter 18 an affair to forget friday morning , spencer sat at the kitchen table , slicing an apple over a bowl of steaming oatmeal .
just then , aria noticed a boy with a drawn , elongated face , fleshy lips , zits on his cheeks and forehead , and an adam 's apple that protruded at least an inch from his neck .
the house smelled like apples , the walls had been painted deep reds and oranges , and bejeweled indian tapestries hung on the big space under the stairs .
` ` looks like our family tree has a lot of rotten apples , '' the person said , in a voice that indicated she 'd figured everything out , too .
they made colleen take notes for them in latin i while they skipped school to go shopping , schlep their clothes to the dry cleaner 's , and camp out in front of the apple store all weekend so they would n't have to wait in line for the latest ipod .
she passed a bunch of bulbous , dark - purple eggplants and huge , fragrant bins of thai basil and apple mint , and sampled a bite of sauteed swiss chard from a woman in a fresh fields apron .
mike 's adam 's apple bobbed .
there was a large punch bowl full of reddish liquid with apple chunks floating on top .
slides and printouts covered a work desk , and a large - screen apple monitor glowed in the corner .
gretchen smiled and unveiled two white gift certificates to the apple store , and everyone oohed .
` ` if we figure out this clue , those apple store gift cards are ours . ''
even though aria had n't been into the idea in the beginning , she 'd mentally browsed through the apple store , contemplating whether to buy a white ipad with tons of memory or a macbook air .
it was , indeed , a $ 1,000 gift card to the apple store .
his adam 's apple rose and fell as he swallowed .
coates , who was shorter and wirier and had a jutting adam 's apple , repeated .
the inside of the office smelled like apple pie .
rosewood 's idea of cutting - edge art was painting the apples in a still life slightly off - red , the pears a marginally unnatural shade of green .
chase 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
1 and we thought we were friends spencer hastings stood on the apple - green lawn of the rosewood abbey with her three ex - best friends , hanna marin , aria montgomery , and emily fields .
the air smelled like apples and wood smoke .
the aroma of apples hung in the air .
the apples in the wooden bowl on the island were unbruised , the magazines in the living room rack all faced the same direction , and the tassels on the giant oriental rug were even , as if they 'd just been combed .
lucas 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
the apple 's edible .
` ` uh - huh , '' hanna answered absently , snaking around the little tables and enormous shopping bags from saks , build - a - bear , and the apple store .
to get there , emily had to drive through the parking lot of a kinko 's , a yarn store , and the amish market , which sold homemade apple butter and paintings of farm animals on lacquered slabs of wood .
courtney made a pinched face , as if she 'd done a shot of sour apple pucker schnapps .
i blew it , '' hanna wailed over a grumbling big apple tour bus .
noel 's adam 's apple bobbed .
not an apple .
my days , they go better if i follow the tradition : an apple and one slice of toast for breakfast , watch the first few minutes of the morning news , double - check my backpack , drive the long way to school and sit in my car for five minutes before walking into the school building .
` ` sorry , no trip to the big apple this year . ''
` ` well , child , brother bear , he go back to live with his mama , who give him a good spankin ' for hangin ' around with bad company like that brother fox and he promise never to do it again and he live out his life all happy , gettin ' fat on eatin ' berries and roots and apples and suchlike - but no bunnies , 'cause brother bear do n't want to go to hell for the breakin ' of a promise to the lord , nossir .
according to mrs . james , we were both bad as a barrel of rotten apples .
today it glowed gold and orange with slivers of pink , like a speckled autumn apple .
i also found some apples , so i took one of those as well .
so i might see a blue flower growing below an apple tree and write all about the blue flower whereas you might see only the apples .
so i might see a blue flower growing below an apple tree and write all about the blue flower whereas you might see only the apples .
the air was sweet with the scent of ripening apples ; i had people in the trees , picking as many as they could carry .
thimble fed us soft cheese and dark bread , fried fish and sliced apples , fresh greens and chopped nuts .
after grabbing a flagon of spiced apple juice , he made his way back to his place .
i should have grabbed myself an apple to bring up .
we must make room for mrs . brompton 's apple cake . ''
i hope you did n't finish the apple cake .
pale as death , he put a hand to his adam 's apple .
` ` then we 'll feed gwenny chopped - up apple and make her cold compresses . ''
` ` gladiola langdon - i do n't think we 'll ever forget her apple pie .
poor soul , it never occurred to her to core the apples and throw the cores and pips away . ''
i watch his adam 's apple bob as he swallows .
since i do n't like just plain waffles , i ' m making caramel apple waffles .
delalieu is staring at me , unblinking , adam 's apple bobbing in his throat .
he drops a gloved finger down the apple of my cheek .
for some reason , they gave us just one dinky water canteen , a baggie of trail mix , and an apple .
when we sat down to eat our apples and trail mix we tried to pretend they were martha 's dream picnic .
purple - puss 's adam 's apple bobbed nervously , like a walnut in his throat .
somewhere along the line , pinhead had forgotten the correct proportion of a human head to its body , and so the size of his head had receded like an apple left on a windowsill .
` ` can i have apple jacks ? ''
` ` apple jacks in strawberry milk ? ''
` ` our daughter liked apple jacks , '' her father said .
she should have tried to peel out of him the second she woke up that morning in her parents ' house , but no , instead she asked her parents to feed her , and over a bowl of apple jacks they told her that she was still alive .
if it 's not chocolate milk , it 's apple sauce .
i fed midnight an apple and then left her to graze by the men , needing a moment of peace from them .
her head was held back by her thick locks , tears streaming down her face as one of the woman held the dagger she 'd been using to cut her apple up to the girls eyes .
but as i ate the stew and warm bread , and sipped the apple juice sarah had made , my body began to shut down in a sudden lassitude , now that it felt safe .
more of sarah 's delicious apple juice .
it kicked apple bottom , and yet i had to rip it up .
amber appleton is very pretty and i would like to kiss her under the apple tree because she is amber apple - ton !
amber appleton is very pretty and i would like to kiss her under the apple tree because she is amber apple - ton !
` ` why did n't god turn the other cheek when adam and eve ate the apple ?
why did he have to punish all of mankind for eating a damn apple ? ''
` ` do you think i ate some metaphorical apple ?
i think that maybe mom dug the show because buffy kicks so much apple bottom for a regular chick , even if she is a slayer .
it kicked a little apple bottom - buffy - style .
` ` oh , that girl , '' lilly rolled her eyes and took another bite of apple .
your minions are waiting for you , '' i said through bites of an apple .
` ` i thought you were somebody else , '' my hand flew to cover my mouth after i spit apple all over the table and all over avalon st . andrews .
no worries , '' he laughed , while wiping a bit of apple off his cheek .
` ` you 'd think , '' i agreed with another mouthful of apple .
` ` i thought you might be hungry , '' he gave me a timid smile and opened the cloth satchel to reveal several loaves of bread , apples and bottles of water .
the knocker was in the image of a golden snake wrapped around an apple .
when talbott placed his hand around the knocker , the snake and apple lit up into a strong golden glow , unlocking the door and allowing us passage .
i was pleasantly surprised to find it sweet and a little sour , with apples , potatoes and raisins .
at least wash the blood off your hands before you attempt an apple pie , '' he joked .
` ` i ' m going to kill you tonight , '' seth snarled , his adams apple bobbing in his throat with the effort to swallow .
his joke cost him a nick , just under his adam 's apple .
she produced a bird , an apple , and for her finale a grand oak that nearly broke the windows .
he sighed , watching as she glamoured an apple to look like a banana .
time : 1:34 p.m. apple mentos .
they 'd spent a few days with her mother 's old friends at the co - op , playing spades and drinking cloudy unfiltered apple cider .
there was always a variety of junk and healthy food : chips and cookies and apples , turkey sandwiches and cold drinks .
the decor was candy apple red and worn , like an aging bachelor 's pad .
i had always been a rotten hunter , so i subsisted on the meager supplies i 'd bought back in balakirev , on water from streams , and the occasional egg or apple stolen from a lonely farm .
my mouth watered at the smells of roasting lamb and fresh bread , and i treated myself to an apple as i refreshed my supplies of hard cheese and dried meat .
the air was thick with the smell of apple blossoms , but the fruit was far too small and green to eat .
some of the saints were depicted performing miracles or acts of charity : sankt feliks among the apple boughs .
i had been so immersed in the journal that i did n't realize katherine was sitting across the table from me , a cup of tea and some apple slices in front of her .
the apple slices were still untouched on katherine 's plate and i realized that my own sandwich was barely half eaten .
i ' m still not sure i made the right choice ... '' ` ` you did , '' said connor , who had appropriated katherine 's apple slices and was munching as he spoke .
he seemed quite happy to trade off the rest of my hot dog for his apple .
in better years , it might have been a raucous night , the tables piled high with plates of nuts and apples , pots of honey , and jars of bitter kvas .
in the afternoon , nadya ate a slab of black bread spread with soft cheese and a dish of baked apples .
` ` yes ma'am , '' i said , kissing her cheek and grabbing an apple before heading up the creaky stairs to my room .
ethan 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed .
emma found laurel in the kitchen , slicing an apple into thin pieces .
emma walked up to the island and popped a juicy apple slice into her mouth .
laurel crunched an apple slice and glanced out the french doors into the backyard .
ethan 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swal owed .
emma and the others had helped pile up the gym 's bleachers and replace them with multitiered platforms containing round , black - velvet banquettes ; crooked gravestones that served as high tables ; burbling witches ' cauldrons ful of spiced apple cider and steaming hot chocolate ; and wax figures of zombies , mummies , aliens , and werewolves .
ethan 's adam 's apple bobbed nervously .
` ` i guess so , '' she answered , cutting a deep dish apple pie in half .
he took a bite that was all apples and ice cream , smiling through it .
i could go from prison , to inhaling steak and apple pie at my brother and sister - in - law 's , to standing in the center of a dark room , staring at the girl who could take my breath away sporting a ratty stanford tee and a high ponytail .
i tore my eyes from his adam 's apple just in time to watch his eyes lifted under his thick eyelashes and he just stared at me , waiting for me to do something , waiting for me to make the next move .
it had to be the adam 's apple , or the pronounced muscles ... . or the way it connected to his broad shoulders .
they also said the whisky glass he waved around while he sang was actually filled with apple juice , but i never did believe that .
so here i am - friday night - waving my own whisky ( no apple juice ) glass around , crooning along with dino while jennifer love hewitt 's spanktacular br**sts cruise majestically across the tv screen .
` ` kevin wanted an apple tree , but i had to put my foot down and tell him it was n't practical .
` ` apple trees are so yesterday .
they say the apple does n't fall too far from the tree .
` ` you 're not a snake or an apple .
one took a bite from an apple , and said : ` ` along with those damned wretched fae . ''
she bit into an apple .
she shrugged , and took a bite from an apple .
celaena felt her nostrils flare , and it was all chaol could do to duck the apple she chucked at his head .
chaol stretched and rose , finishing his apple as he strode from the dining hall .
` ` and an apple tart , and a loaf of bread , and a pot of stew , and a mountain of cookies , and a- '' he chuckled as she put her foot against his face and pushed .
the apple 's skin shone more softly than the eyepiece .
he brought the apple to his nose and breathed in the sweet scent , his mouth filling with saliva .
vale would have questions about where perry got the apple .
he 'd have to give the apple to talon a few miles away from the compound .
now he had an apple and a useless dweller eyepiece .
perry wanted to give him the apple , talon 's favorite .
the dweller device and the apple , both wrapped in plastic , deep inside his satchel .
if the aud came , he could n't give talon the apple .
he brought out the apple , leaving the eyepiece in the plastic .
talon ate half the apple with a smile on his face , pieces poking through the gaps in his teeth .
cinder glanced at it , his adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed .
` ` how 's life in the big apple ? ''
she 's been back and forth a few times scouting for a house , enrolling jeffrey and me in our new school , smoothing out the transition between her job at apple in california and the work she 'll be doing for them from home after we move .
she liked to say that she was too busy for a steady relationship , too wrapped up with her job at apple as a computer programmer , too occupied with being a single mom the rest of the time .
jeffrey looks like he 's going to swallow his adam 's apple .
` ` ah , come on , you get to have adventure in the big apple .
the next time the phone chirps at me i ' m eating pork tenderloin with apples and fennel , one of mom 's more impressive recipes .
` ` i ' ve been studying about black wings , '' she says , taking a big bite of a green apple .
his adam 's apple jerks as he swallows .
i curse my stupid heart for how it leaps when i see him standing there in a white tee and holey jeans , holding a basket with green apples , a lemon , a package of butter , and a bag of white sugar in it .
he smelled delicious , like baked apples .
it 's an argument that the authorities like to use to convince the public that unwinds are rotten apples from skin to core - that criminality is part of their very nature , and the only way to separate them from it is to separate them from themselves .
he can actually hear the click in hayden 's adam 's apple as he swallows .
the smile he gives them while wiping just a little bit of snot on their apples .
he takes another bite of steak , imagining the food will be even better in the big apple .
jeevan swallows with an audible click in his adam 's apple .
a part of me loves the green apple and another the grape .
there are some apples on plates , a couple of oranges , some crockery , two dead rabbits - probably dinner - and much drapery .
nine ` ` apple pie for you . ''
` ` and apple pie for me . ''
` ` do you think they use real apples ? ''
she picked up the bag and scraped off all the sliced apples into it , leaving the bottom crust cleared .
` ` been ready , but you had to stop and get an apple pie . ''
` ` you were all like ' i need an apple pie ' and what could i do ?
turning , i opened the door and was met with the scent of apple .
man how we all use to love swimming in the llano river , watching my grams make her famous apple pies and tend to her flower and vegetable garden .
we learned how to make chicken and dumpling 's as well as emma 's super secret apple pie .
i got the apple pie , and josh got the coconut cream pie .
` ` i got you a cinnamon twist , a chocolate cream - filled donut , an apple fritter ... well , i got two of those 'cause i wanted one , too !
while he took a bite out of an apple fritter , he winked at maggie .
then , he shoved the apple fritter in her face .
` ` no , i do not want a bite of your half - eaten apple fritter . ''
he brought it over with the other apple fritter and a koloche .
` ` and apple pie ... oh man , i hope emma has some damn apple pie . ''
` ` and apple pie ... oh man , i hope emma has some damn apple pie . ''
ari dropped the knife she 'd been using to cut up apples in the sink .
i looked around and saw biscuits , gravy , blueberry muffins , sausage and egg casserole , glazed apples , french toast , pancakes , bacon , grits and ham , and even more items were in both ovens .
too late : -o chapter two the serpent and the apple elbowing her way past a huddle of cheerleaders and jocks outside the cafeteria , eden ignored the grunts and ' hey , watch its ! '
he chuckled before chugging back some coke , his adam 's apple bobbing with the motion .
he pointed his apple at her , knowing full well why she 'd started calling him dude .
pris threw her apple at him , which jaden caught and bit into .
` ` i have no idea what you just said , but thanks for the apple . ''
he continued to munch on the apple .
jay turned and plopped down beside me , tossing pris 's apple core into her bag .
i believed in lighting candles on shabbat when i was home , in celebrating rosh hashanah with apples and honey for a sweet new year , in fasting on yom kippur and reflecting upon the things i 'd done and the things i needed to do better .
` ` i 'll take you guys , like , apple picking afterward .
` ` what about apple cider vinegar ? ''
he liked summer , when the first berries began to ripen , and autumn , when there were nuts and small apples .
she had apple cheeks , a dark green skirt that went to her knees , and wellington boots .
we were walking beneath a canopy of apple blossom then , and the world smelled like honey .
but i went out of that kitchen , although i was hungry , without even an apple .
i filled my pockets with fruit , with apples and oranges and hard brown pears .
for dessert , we had the pie , stuffed with apples and with swollen raisins and crushed nuts , all topped with a thick yellow custard , creamier and richer than anything i had ever tasted at school or at home .
the lower - floor guard , a pasty - faced individual with a jutting adam 's apple , sprang up , pistol in hand .
his eyes fixed themselves to the jut of that adam 's apple , and his long tongue licked his jowls .
for lunch she had a block of cooking chocolate and an apple .
the apple was yellow and slightly shriveled , but it tasted sweet and good .
she bought two large bottles of limeade , a chocolate cake , and a new bag of apples , and went back home and ate them for dinner .
she put an apple into each pocket .
` ` i have an apple .
and she took an apple from her dressing - gown pocket , then bit into it with relish and an enthusiasm that she did not really feel .
there was a tiny doubt inside her , like a maggot in an apple core .
coraline sat down on the sofa and ate her apple .
she took her last apple out of the pocket of her dressing gown and then took , from the same pocket , the stone with the hole in it .
everything was exactly the same as she remembered : there was all her grandmother 's strange - smelling furniture , there was the painting of the bowl of fruit ( a bunch of grapes , two plums , a peach and an apple ) hanging on the wall , there was the low wooden table with the lion 's feet , and the empty fireplace which seemed to suck heat from the room .
she ate her last apple , taking the tiniest bites , making it last as long as she could .
her grandmother 's formal furniture was still there , and the painting on the wall of the strange fruit ( but now the fruit in the painting had been eaten , and all that remained in the bowl was the browning core of an apple , several plum and peach stones , and the stem of what had formerly been a bunch of grapes ) .
with my pale skin , i 'd never been one to wear makeup , but reeve knew exactly what colors to apply to make my eyes pop , my cheeks appear rosy and my lips look like ` ` plump candy apples all the boys will want to bite . ''
she was spinning a green apple on the tabletop .
she traced a heart around the apple .
slices of chocolate cake , apple and cinnamon scones .
i recalled flowerbeds overrun with blossoms and an apple tree laden down with fruit .
i watched as his adam 's apple bobbed up and down with the force of his swallow .
murphy was whining and pacing by the apple tree .
spring was in the air and heading up the long drive way to flynn 's house i could see the blossoms on the apple tree and the daffodils lining the side of the road .
i nicked an apple as i went past , leaving a coin in its place .
the coin were worth far more than the apple , but that did n't matter much .
without looking at her , i pushed the apple into her hands , sinking back into the crowd before she really saw me .
chapter four the air were fair crisp , with the kind of crunch to it like a sweet apple .
` ` mind it ai n't no apple in her eye , lad . ''
john asked , coming over in the middle of eating an apple .
he tossed me an apple and i threw it at much .
and still it grows , '' he told me , tossing me an apple from a stand .
` ` dangerous prospect , '' i said , but i did , and i bit the apple .
he tossed his apple core onto the street .
he saw his father sitting under a tree , explaining about isaac newton , how the scientist discovered gravity in the falling of an apple .
she smelled like apple shampoo .
` ` that 's a crab apple old lady 's duty .
an apple a day keeps glencoe away . ''
` ` not if it 's snow white 's apple , '' she answered .
in his sitting room , geist prods at the logs with his toaster iron then pours himself a scotch and offers me a glass of apple brandy , which i take .
as if his thoughts were loose , ripe apples he 'd collected and hidden here .
i used to flip great ones at home , on thin rye bread with gruyere cheese and apple slices .
or because the day itself was such a bright , shiny apple .
he 'd bought an apple votive from yankee candle .
except this time there was no apple candle , no snoring jolly at the foot of the bed , no frost on the pane .
it was an apple crumble , a dessert item at the restaurant , but i prepared it with less brown sugar and half a cup of oatmeal .
and when i opened the oven , i was instantly gratified by the bubbling apple , oats , butter , brown sugar , and hint of clove .
she was ready to call a truce , especially over baked apples .
there 's a barn and a chicken coop , an apple orchard on the horizon .
his other brother , garrin , had likened it to apple cider .
` ` who would care for oatmeal with cinnamon apples ? ''
the shop was empty except for an older woman behind the counter dipping an apple in molten caramel .
` ` come in , '' she called in a sweet voice , twirling the apple to keep the caramel from dripping before crusting it in crushed nuts .
the children crossed the room to where the woman was placing her caramel apple on a sheet of waxed paper .
thursday they bought jawbreakers for a penny , then washed dishes to earn apple fritters .
a tall , plain woman was paying for a caramel apple at the register .
he dawdled at a rack of packaged fruit pies , brand name and generic , pretending to be torn on which to choose , handling a blackberry pie , then a vanilla pudding pie , then apple , then blackberry again .
some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
he grabbed some fruit as well - an apple and some sort of purple citrus .
` ` rotten apples stay spoiled , '' nedwin said .
another munched on an apple .
rocks ranging in size from apples to melons littered the floor of the creek , making footing treacherous .
when her belly had stopped hurting so much and she realized just how loudly she 'd been munching on the apple he 'd also tossed her while feeding the horses , she mustered enough energy to say , ` ` are there so many threats in wendlyn that we ca n't risk a fire ? ''
after a silent breakfast of bread , cheese , and apples , she was nearly dozing atop her mare as they resumed their ride up the forested foothill road .
she was hungry , and thankfully found some apples at the bottom of her satchel , along with old teggya from varese that was still edible , if hard to chew .
vendors bearing everything from apples to spices to pocket watches were suddenly eager to chat , so long as they sold something .
she cursed herself for a fool as she choked down her own meal of soggy bread and a freezing apple , then gnawed on a bit of cheese .
celaena bit into an apple she 'd pulled from her pocket and raised her brows at rowan , who was standing in front of a massive pile of wood for the bonfire , flanked by two small unlit fires on either side .
she munched on the apple as she studied him now , in his usual pale - gray tunic and wide belt , hood thrown back and leather vambraces gleaming in the late afternoon sunlight .
she chucked the apple core across the field and rubbed at her shoulder .
she wished she had n't eaten the apple .
` ` you are fleeing , '' aedion drawled , biting into one of the apples he 'd picked up at the market for ren and the old man .
inside the basket , i found a dish of hearty stew , a round of bread , butter , and a wedge of apple spice cake .
crisp , air a - bite with apples , rich with winter .
there was fruit in the refrigerator - oranges and apples - as well as eggs , a carton of milk , butter , a variety of vegetables , and a bonus : two packages of ground beef , still fresh , and a string of sausages .
larry 's eyes watered , and he swallowed , the knob of his adam 's apple bobbing .
harlan 's adam 's apple bobbled .
his dark eyes were suddenly tentative , and his scent was different : still dark and cool , but with just a touch of something sweet and tart at the same time ... . apple ?
the scent of apples faded as he took the case from her .
` ` apple , '' said sarah .
there was nothing for a moment , and then , as he turned , she caught a fleeting scent of apples .
and was it her imagination , or was the scent of sweet , crisp apples that much stronger , so rich it overpowered everything else ?
he was moving fast , and she smelled him coming : no apples this time , or shadows , but a roiling , angry storm cloud .
his scent steamed then , hot and heady with a welter of contradictions : apples and fire and the electric roil of those cold , black shadows .
a stunning white heat scorched the thought right out of her brain , and then he was pressed against her and her body was tingling and she felt his hunger , his need , and she 'd grabbed the lapels of his coat because she was starving for his touch ; she could n't get close enough , and the scent of spiced apples made her feverish and dizzy .
this time , when they kissed , there were only apples : sweet and crisp and right .
` ` paul , get us another catalytic heater in here and then see if you can scrounge us up a plastic container and an apple . ''
` ` apple 's for the maggies .
the scar meandered from the angle of his left jaw , right below the ear , and then tracked across the hump of his adam 's apple before its tail disappeared beneath the collar of his parka .
the better to drink nice , warm- her thoughts stuttered as another , more familiar scent of cool shadows intensified , wreathing her like smoke ... and now , there came the faint but unmistakable effervescence of crisp , sweet apples .
they were inches apart , so close she saw his scar eel and squirm over his adam 's apple when he swallowed .
nearly everything was ready : potatoes , a venison stew , a trio of baked apples , and a nice pan of cornbread .
the knuckle of finn 's adam 's apple rolled and bobbed and hitched .
his grip loosened , and then she was rearing up , cocking her right fist , aiming for his adam 's apple .
her fingers traced the hump of his adam 's apple , and then her gray eyes clouded .
or maybe he 'd only been choking to death on that ball of ice , jammed in his mouth like an apple in a roast pig , or suffocating because of the snow plugging both nostrils .
the aroma of wood smoke and musk gave way to shadows and sweet apples as - chris , that 's chris - his mouth found hers .
it was the smell , no longer mist and apples but something fetid and spoiled .
stuff that had n't rotted yet , especially with the cold : gnawed melon rinds , leathery apple cores .
what remained was rot and mist , gassy flesh and crisp apples , and for a second , she surrendered to a very simple , basic need .
his adam 's apple wobbled in his turkey neck .
he touched a finger to his own knobby adam 's apple .
grapefruit and apples and ... vanilla ?
yet she smelled no spike of danger here : only cool shadows and gray mist , a hint of apple .
she saw it just last week , when mom set out an apple pie to cool and then did n't buy lizzie 's explanation when she said the cat must ' ve done it .
mom 's face crinkles , like she 's as sick as lizzie after all that apple pie .
which was n't exactly true , she knew ; you could take a picture of the brain and see what parts were firing when , say , you saw a pencil or tasted an apple .
it was mid - october and we were cutting apples from a bag her neighbor had dropped off and tossing them in a pot of simmering water .
we ate dinner later , sat by the fire , the smell of cinnamon and apples crisp like fall .
` ` how about a weekend in the big apple ? ''
it 's not apple .
my father touched his adam 's apple .
` ` you know what they say about apples and trees , though . ''
there was a plate in the middle of the floor with an untouched sandwich and browning slices of apple on it , and a full coffee mug beside it , an ugly ring around the edge where the milk had separated .
` ` it was like you were trying to eat an apple . ''
` ` they have the most amazing caramel apples , '' sam promised .
i can see finn swallowing , his adam 's apple bobbing in his skinny neck , and it 's so true , it 's so hard not to flinch until it 's leapt back into the ocean once more .
i make an apple cake and feel rather virtuous about it .
` ` there 's apple cake , '' i say .
` ` apple cake , '' finn comments from the ground .
` ` apple cake 's fine , '' gabe says , but he sounds tired .
either gabe 's request or his use of my real name has gotten finn 's attention in a way that my apple cake could n't , and he begins to assemble the parts rapidly , dumping them into a battered cardboard box .
i hurriedly wash off three plates that match and cut a fat piece of apple cake for each of us , the biggest one for gabe .
as i arrange and rearrange the teacups by our plates , it occurs to me , too late , that mint tea and apple cake might not go together .
` ` do we still say grace if it 's only apple cake ? ''
finn looks at gabe , who 's still looking at his plate , pressing his fingers into the top of the apple cake as if he 's checking the texture .
among the wreck of pots and dishes is a cut - up apple , with a bit of crumbs from the counter stuck to one of the cut edges .
there is a knob for his adam 's apple , too , which i saw once when he had been knocked off his bicycle and his collar had gone askew .
i 'd have more energy if i were eating something besides beans and apple cake , too , but we 're both going without better for the same reason .
without saying anything about it , we eat the rest of the apple cake , not leaving any for gabe .
she concentrated instead on gansey 's neck , which was right at eye level , and on how his collar did n't lay quite flat against his skin all the way around because of his adam 's apple .
yellow apples , bright as butter , peeked from trees on one side of the drive .
in his hand he held a container of organic apple juice .
on the way out to willow ridge , the phone in the kitchen rang and blue , a glass of cloudy apple juice in one hand and the laces of a high - top sneaker in the other , grabbed it .
` ` i want you to know , '' noah said , pressing the carved bone against his adam 's apple , hard , as if it would squeeze the words from him , ` ` i was ... more ... when i was alive . ''
now , meilin , abeke , and rollan hid in the shadow beside the apple tree , while uraza peered across the orchard from the tree 's branches itself .
her movement caused a few apples to shake loose , one of which knocked meilin on the head .
meilin looked irritated for a moment , then tossed the apple into the darkness .
essix , who was perched on his shoulder , stared in the same direction - the area where meilin had thrown the apple .
several huge mounds of chewed apples , each as tall as abeke , surrounded him on all sides .
` ` the bond ... never lost , '' rumfuss said , so wisely that it was hard to think less of him when he dropped his head and ate a mostly rotten apple from the ground .
for some reason he reminded me of an apple .
everything about him as he stood on the hill next to me , his fingers brushing the seed - tops of the golden grass , reminded me of apples .
owen took a bite out of an apple .
europa was the apple of agenor 's eye , better loved than even his wife , and he desperately wanted her found .
across the courtyard , in another darkened nook , i saw someone else , a man who i did n't know , watching the queen and lancelot with interest as he peeled an apple .
he settled back into his pillows with a satisfied expression , reaching over to pick up an apple from his nightstand .
paul shrugged and took a big bite of an apple , wiping the juice on his sleeve .
you could see clearly that it had a head and a neck and a nose and even an adam 's apple , and some scrubby trees were growing atop it like a crown of wild hair .
once claire had drunk every drop and fallen back asleep , the animals laid out a modest feast for us : baskets of fresh bread and stewed apples and hard - boiled eggs - of the nonexploding variety - all served straight into our hands , as they had no plates or silverware .
could he really have aged forward , like the leathery apple i took from miss peregrine 's loop ?
passing an apple tree on the outskirts of town , she stopped to pick one , but even on tiptoes the lowest fruit was out of reach , so i did what any gentleman would do and gave her a boost , wrapping my arms around her waist and trying not to groan as i lifted , her white arm outstretched , wet hair glinting in the sun .
when i let her down she gave me a little kiss on the cheek and handed me the apple .
` ` the apple or the kiss ? ''
i put the apple in my pocket and ran after her .
after that i went to my room and took the apple she 'd given me out of my pocket and set it on the nightstand , and then , as if to reassure myself she still existed , i got out my phone and looked through the pictures of her i 'd taken that afternoon .
i slipped a note under his door and went to grab emma 's apple , but it was n't on my nightstand where i 'd left it .
i was starting to wonder if someone had swiped it when i realized that the leathery thing was the apple .
i pictured a person shriveling up and crumbling to dust like the apple on my nightstand .
i wandered into the yard , wondering how i was supposed to get the image of that withered apple out of my head .
he took the tip of that black - bladed sword and pressed it against my adam 's apple .
the stew was beef - based , very thick and hot , the bread so buttery , it practically dissolved on my tongue , and even my drink had substance to it , kind of sweet - tasting , like honey , warm like hot apple cider , but not apple - based ...
the stew was beef - based , very thick and hot , the bread so buttery , it practically dissolved on my tongue , and even my drink had substance to it , kind of sweet - tasting , like honey , warm like hot apple cider , but not apple - based ...
` ` well , some people might say i ' m not the ripest apple on the tree , bennacio .
he wore a long gray cape over his shoulders , fastened by a dragon - shaped pin just below his adam 's apple .
i caught him at the back of the cave - it was n't very deep , maybe fifty or sixty feet - spun him around , and held him against the wall with my left forearm while i pressed the tip of the sword against his adam 's apple .
` ` i ' ve baked an apple pie , alfred .
i poked his adam 's apple with the muzzle of the gun .
he swallowed hard , and i watched his prominent adam 's apple bob up and down .
i swung blindly with my right fist , landing a lucky punch square into the guy 's adam 's apple .
his black cane whistled over my head and slammed with a sickening crunch against the orderly 's adam 's apple .
they 're a one - worm apple ! ''
four women were sitting at the table , laughing : one with brown hair , one with hair the russet red of an apple , one with jet - black tresses , and one with a braid that was the soft blond of early sunshine .
` ` mm - hmm , '' liza mumbled , with her mouth full of apple pie and sweet maple syrup .
the nocturni floated and glided and seemed to materialize out of nothing ; and as the souls began to drop from the web , like apples shaken from a tree , they were quickly taken up by their nocturni : eternal pairs , bonds that would never be broken .
which made him feel guilty because if his mum had had a rough night , then he should have been there to help her , not his grandma who had barely let him brush his teeth before shoving an apple in his hand and pushing him out of the door .
gabriel swallowed hard , felt his adam 's apple rub raw across the concrete wall .
one of his hands drifted to his throat and gabriel 's adam 's apple bobbed .
noah 's adam 's apple bobbed and he paused , gazing out the window behind wara , seemingly lost in thought .
sami swallowed and his adam 's apple grazed the abrasive stone .
it smelled like nothing in particular but everything in general : grandmas garden , moms perfume , dads cologne , apple pie , fresh cookies , flowers , the meadow , cinnamon pancakes .
we had a jolly time and fresh apples to eat .
by now we were well over half way to the big apple and it appeared that several of davids pills were throwing a wobbly big time ; these must have been the ones that did nt like altitude , and he quickly regained the pallor of our first acquaintance .
home was a place out in the country where it was always sunny and there was always an apple pie sitting on the window sill just waiting to be gorged upon .
he looked further , but there was nothing else but a couple rotting apples that had already lost all traces of red .
there was a converted feed silo with a winding staircase all the way around the outside and stained glass windows providing light and decoration for the inside , tree houses of all shapes and sizes connected to each other by ladders , rope bridges and small cable cars , and an apple shaped fire engine red construct more than twenty feet tall with a deck on top that was framed by a beautifully carved banister .
two minutes later the meat plates in front of them had been replaced by a three - foot long piece of apple strudel topped with creative patterns of whipping cream .
if that is nt a bunch of people sitting around , playing a fun game and not having the courtesy to invite old grandpa , fritz neuwirt complained laughingly , i brought sandwiches and apple cider .
she said , some of these are impressive , but i think there might be a couple of bad apples in the bunch .
immigration should be no different , like picking your friends hopefully you select only the best and brightest , because nowhere is it written that you must befriend the rotten apples too .
i hate to use the term rotten apple for only a tiny handful truly fall into this category .
we had apple trees at the fort .
the prize over which they had fought was an apple that had chanced to fall over the wall of the orchard .
lord rafe had achieved hero like status in the little boys eyes by riding alongside the wall and picking the reddest , biggest apple from the aforementioned apple tree , and giving it to the defeated party .
lord rafe had achieved hero like status in the little boys eyes by riding alongside the wall and picking the reddest , biggest apple from the aforementioned apple tree , and giving it to the defeated party .
and the apple never falls far from the tree , responded leofric smoothly .
the bag was filled with oranges , apples and bananas .
i pulled an orange from the bag and handed it to max ; he took out an apple , stuck it in his pocket and handed the bag back to the passenger .
after a while , he was able to extract two large chunks about the size of apples .
a mule cart / mobile field kitchen was approaching our position , bringing a lunch that prepared by the ladies auxiliary of the first apple church of granite falls .
actually the first apple is short for the first apostolic church of the chosen and redeemed .
the apple is the oldest and most respected black church in the entire county .
and , as long as i can remember , miss hattie may had been the president of the ladies auxiliary of the first apple , a group of women that cooks food so good that is probably the real reason why re - enactors come back to granite falls year after year .
well , mr . charlie , the sweet old woman replied , the apple folks have been havin some hard times this last year .
i sat on that shaded stone wall devouring a drumstick that tasted like it had just been sent down from heaven and i watched the apple ladies roll off in their creaky old wagon .
shad finished crunching his way through a nice sized red delicious apple .
with his target identified , shad launched the apple core as hard as he could .
the missile connected with charlie right above the blue wool shirt pocket and apple shrapnel exploded all over his uniform .
i can hear the sound of the gold leaf on the steeple of the first apple when i walk around back .
i know i was all smiles when that mule wagon pulling the first apple ladies come rolling up .
then , as miss hattie was putting the slips into the old cigar box the first apple ladies were using for keeping the tickets , i had a thought .
its now the first apple .
its buried under the first apple .
we hopped on our bikes and took off after him , bound for the first apple .
while first baptist is in the center of town , first apple has the feel of a country church .
ill stay here and watch the steeple and you guys go get the first apple ladies .
when we found the first apple ladies they had just finished serving lunch and had their mule cart headed for home .
but , a steeple made of gold and a sack of tasty carrots await us back at the first apple .
we reached the first apple in record time ; way before ollie tolley expected us .
meanwhile , the other rangers yelling at the fleeing truck , while the first apple ladies prayed .
however , the treasury department did agree that the first apple was due a 10 % finders fee .
of course , the first apple church and all the rangers got to be in all the newspapers .
finally , as show of appreciation the first apple ladies auxiliary hosted a dinner in our honor : which may have been the finest meal ever prepared in history of granite falls .
that night , just before they went to bed , scott made up a tray of food ; two apples , two peeled oranges and a couple of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches then took the tray out to the garbage drums .
as he crossed the yard toward the barrels scott realized it was one of the apples .
as he approached the barrels scott saw something rise up from behind the drum and the apple floated up then disappeared .
he looked at the empty tray then stepped around the drum to see a partially eaten apple lying on the ground .
scott laid the apple on top of the third drum then returned to the house .
later that afternoon , he returned to the drums to find the apple was still there .
he tossed the apple in the drum disgustedly then went back to the house .
the apple tree that shaded him was already fragrant with ripening fruit .
they continued to tend the garden and the apple tree ripened its apples .
they continued to tend the garden and the apple tree ripened its apples .
the apple tree in the back of ferauns house was aglow with blossoms and their fragrance filled the air .
nerza stood and walked to the window , admiring the well - kept garden near the apple tree .
he glanced at the apple tree that spread over the yard .
back to the covenant table of contents back to table of contents the works of a. e. mableson short stories the blessing warlock revenge the covenant benny , benny , short as a penny my god , she 's a witch dunking for apples five fantastic fantasy tales vol .
dyou remember the green sour apples we were used to eat ?
no red or pink or yellow apples in the market yet , only in pictures .
now she is already baking two green apples in her oven , and while well eat it with suger cubes , shell be talking about the movies she had used to watch .
he was sitting in the kitchen with the mother and her son , drinking coffee and eating apples pie .
what they re probably doing is emitting excuses as fast , big and stinking as pigs farts and dishonoring our sacred honor code by conjuring up a thousand ex post facto gigs for your missing swain to show he has been a bad seed , a bad apple and a bader meinhof neer do well .
in less than an hour , joe has been fed a meal of walnut meats , dried apples , and a hot drink that has pieces of bark floating in it .
deciding that he is no more likely to be accepted on the far side than he has been on the near , a seething joe , suddenly feeling as though he is in a hockey game where he must take charge , strides back to the door , grabs the bucket , hurls its contents into the hall outside , storms back to the end of the table , up - ends the bucket into an improvised stool , sits , and stretches out a hand to grab a basket half - filled with small , oddly shaped pears and apples .
joe shakes his head in dismissal as he reaches for another apple , not that much smaller nor more wizened than the face of the woman who summons him .
instead , he has high school happy foodnougie - nuggets , swirls & kurls , apple chips , and warm zzzoltkola .
in the middle of the table is a beach ball - sized wooden bowl holding a mound of small green apples .
his face shattered like a ripe apple shot from a cannon at a concrete wall .
not prepared to bring him to justice right at that moment given the amount of interest their presence created for the local gawkers , allison simply asked him to stay by their vehicle while she took care of her business inside , which included getting her own breakfast of hot coffee and an apple .
heres an apple to go with that fresca .
a single bite of the apple washed down with the tangy diet beverage he thought he had secured for his traveling companion brought a look of disgust to his face .
i got the good stuff : donuts , some juice , and even a couple of apples for allison .
ernest thought for a moment before he pushed the bag away and reached for one of the apples bobby purchased with allison in mind .
hs1 was alone , sitting in a chair , examining an apple , a blank look on his face .
we shot some armor , blew some holes in the ground , and helena shot an apple off the rampart near the porta praetoria from the gate opposite it .
he had seen her shoot an apple off of a wall from a few hundred yards away , and must have known she could do what vincent was offering .
today its chicken and dumplings , string - beans and apple cobbler .
` ` that 's what the black people of kush call the apples of derketa .
moving down to the edge of the leaves , she reached the spear up and carefully thrust the blade through one of the apples of derketa , drawing aside to avoid the darkly purple drops that dripped from the pierced fruit .
` ` if your ancestors had thought to dip their spears in the poisonous juice of derketa 's apples , '' quoth conyn , with her mouth full , ` ` and jab them in the eyes or mouth or somewhere like that , they 'd have seen that dragons are no more immortal than any other chunk of beef .
dub scooped up the final smear of apple butter on his plate with the last piece of his biscuit .
pitch me an apple will you ?
there re no apples in my pack .
dub pitched me an apple and i jumped as high as i could , but it sailed over my head and splashed down in the still dark water .
there goes an apple we wo nt have around to eat .
as if one apple was going to make a difference in our starving to death .
i wish i d never said anything about the stupid apple , i thought as i watched dub toss the coin up in the air .
there had been no time to spare for even an apple before his mother hustled him out of bed and out of the house .
but when the middle one pressed sharply against his adams apple , and he felt what might have been a drop of liquid trickle down his neck , he understood it was more than that .
after that , the only danger to arthur was the sharp point that had never left his adams apple .
the smell of freshly - cooked pancakes with apple and blueberry sauce wafted up the stairs , and it was just enough to see me raise my face from the warm press of my pillow .
the scent of very tantalizing , freshly - made pancakes seduced the air , with just a hint of sweet apples and blueberries .
it bored right into my head like a worm through an apple .
enormous smoking hunks of meat , probably mutton or venison , drew the attention of the others while i viewed with relief the bowls of green vegetables as well as apples and berries , a change from my temple diet of root vegetables and flat bread .
simon and neil , clutching a napkin filled with buns and apples , opened a glass door and crashed onto one of the courtyards .
would you have any spare apples in the pantry ?
furnace returned from the pantry with a large apple in one hand and favored them with a mild stare and one raised eyebrow .
miriam dashed to the kitchen , which was as dark and empty as the halls , and grabbed what came to hand from the dresser a packet of biscuits , chocolate and a few apples .
he bent down and fished out the money from miriams pinafore , as well as the biscuits and apples .
after he retrieved his pocket knife from his shorts , he sat down and sliced the lime into thick wedges , like he was carving an apple in his hand .
again , silence enveloped the table as we sampled various treats : golden apples and crusty pastries that flaked apart in your mouth .
suffice it to say that the apple has never fallen far from the tree in that part of the clan .
during the fortnight , alex filled shades water skins and found a few apples , the size of his fist , for him to enjoy .
he bought fifteen apples and sat them in before closing the top of the pack .
he liked the apple from the ship , but never had an orange before .
while they waited they rehydrated and snacked on half of an apple .
they each enjoyed the orange and three more apples apiece .
shade smelled an apple tree and alex had fun retrieving the apples hidden in the woods .
shade smelled an apple tree and alex had fun retrieving the apples hidden in the woods .
the apples were almost ready because they were still turning red , but they were good enough nonetheless .
he cut down twenty one apples , one at a time , and dropped them all on the skin of the deer .
all of the apples collected fit inside his pack .
shade ate six more apples and alex managed to eat two during the traveling the next day .
alex dug inside his bag and maneuvered the bowl out from the remaining apples .
they each ate an apple around noon and drank the last of the water from the last skin .
these apples have been submerged in a sweet and sticky mixture .
shade stuck his tongue out and tested the sweet coating of one of the apples .
he rumbled with pleasure for each bite until all that remained of the six apples were an empty piece of torn paper , afterwards he licked all the goodness off of it as well .
after alex knocked down four perfectly ripened apples with his staff , they ate a filling meal .
he did nt realize how hungry he was because he soon ate seven apples by himself along with a fillet of cooked fish .
marlin was almost the same way , but he ate almost all of his sixth apple .
shade ate eleven apples and four fillets before finally admitting that he too was also full .
he stood and walked over to his staff , picked it up and went over to the large apple tree .
finding the perfect apple was easy and he used the staff to knock it down .
he caught the large apple with one hand .
the fillet knife helped alex to cut out most of the meat from the apple .
the remaining apple that could nt be used went to shade and he ate it and soon turned his attention returned to lily .
aye , he reached forward and pulled it out of a large apple slice .
on the other side were apple and orange trees along with red raspberries , mulberries and blueberry bushes .
oh and one small female fed me a candied apple .
they d better be the fastest you have , gunnar said , widening his eyes even further , or i swear , i will come back here to this very stable and i wo nt cut your head offill peel you like an apple !
i will peel your skin like an apple , and douse your wounds in salt .
here there were plentiful farms : numerous apiaries , where bees were kept for honey and mead ; fruit farms such as apple orchards and pear orchards ; and , to a lesser extent , cereal farms where wheat and barley grew .
the sun sinks a bit in the sky and i break halfway up the hill for afternoon prayers and a bit of bread and green apple .
i try to keep my soul from sinking as i recall shireen , her skirts tied up scandalously , knocking apples down to me from the high branches of the caliphs orchard - trees .
this model in particular is made by apple and is as i said , called an iphone .
and apples make thangs ?
i thought people just et apples .
yes ... well no ... yes i am from 2012 and no ... no clem ... apple is the name of a 21st century commercial company .
that is a mack , m - a - c - k ... this mac , m - a - c ... is just another name for computers apple makes .
as the captain was trying to explain the iphone , clem inadvertently pushed the home button at the bottom of the iphone and the screen lit up covered with apple apps .
what do you think of them apples , robert scarburg the fourth ?
chapter 28 the harbor cade waited until elaina was finished with her breakfast of bread and a hard apple before bringing up the harbor .
duck quick and stick your fingers in his eyes , or stab your hand into his adams apple , that ll put him down faster than joe crow .
davidoff held out a plastic container and frank reached over to take an apple slice .
he reached out for a second slice of apple .
there were some apples already on the table and a jug of cider .
peter got a bottle of water and an apple , then went back to the helicopter to use the radio .
the projectiles rapidly pierce the orb , but remain stuck halfway through , as if they are impaling a gigantic apple .
ignoring the tempting aromas drifting from the various food stalls , she went first to a cart selling freshly pressed juice she did n't recognise the fruit , but it looked a little like an over - large apple , and she was sure it would do the job .
barely rested , she rose early even by her standards before the sun had quite broken the horizon and helped herself to an apple from the fruit bowl in the common room .
` ` apple juice , '' he explained .
` ` but apple juice would be lovely . ''
she picked up her half - finished apple juice , plucked the dart from the cushion and went through , finding herself in a compact dining room .
mary returned from the counter and handed him an apple .
said a large man holding some apples .
at the front of the church , a few people gathered , sipping warm apple tea and hovering around a small electric space heater .
the metre thick , white beam shot out from her neutronium shell , hit the battle cruiser lengthwise from bow to stern , and went completely through the entire ship , as if coring an apple .
the black moon shot through the cool - grey ball of a planet like a bullet through an apple .
behind me , atticus was on the couch eating an apple .
atticus took his time and chewed the piece of apple in his mouth before speaking .
no , he said and went back to devouring his apple .
atticus took a large bite out of his apple .
only a few apples and slice of bread remained .
the next night i had nt caught anything for dinner , so i dug into the bread and one of the few apples left in my knapsack .
i opened the knapsack and emptied out my only remaining apple .
i took out my knife and cut the apple into small piece .
i extended out my hand and the deer sniffed , walked a few feet closer and ate the apple out of my hand .
the four of us said goodbye to the deer and atticus tossed an apple far into the woods .
look at the new apple company , and microsoft with that gates fellow , both situated pretty close to us .
the last room had a dozen fruit trees , already bearing ; oranges , lemons , apples , a peach tree and an avocado tree were in sealed plastic containers ready for shipment .
dantes says , monsieur , please give the following order to the maitre d to brew a night - cap , using these ingredients : 1 cup apple cider , 1 cup red wine , 1 - 1/2 cups pomegranate juice , 2 sticks of cinnamon , 1 whole orange peel , a dozen whole cloves pierced into the orange peel , and 6 ounces of cointreau .
the four of them sat around the table in the warm kitchen fragrant with the smell of freshly baked bread and sauced apples .
as they got close they began to find the smooth red stones strewn all over the trail , like ripe apples had fallen from an invisible tree .
aunt creselda its preparing apple pies .
she fed him a piece of dried apple before swinging up onto his back .
there were dried tomatoes , pickles , slices of dried apple and peach , and even a small clay container of pepper oil for spice .
clas was cutting an apple into thirds , sharing it with the women .
the closest protection was an old apple tree .
i distinctly remember an adams apple bobbing where it should nt have been .
selecting a bottle of apple juice out of the collection , he carefully lowered the basket back into the pit .
melody was sitting in a lawn chair about five feet away with a glass of apple juice in hand , staring at him intently .
apples and oranges , ted replied .
i think that s probably been proven to be literally true more than a few times , juliet said as she bit into an apple while liz beamed a smile over at kate .
dyou imagine drinking an apple and raspberry one , ooh , that d be absolutely scrumptious .
and i started explaining such a complicated mechanized routine of apples and buckets of salt water that made no sense whatsoever and went on for so long that the man finally foot bored and interrupted me by saying .
there , perhaps if you brought me a real apple , you would nt be sitting in the kind that i produce out of my back end !
part 5 : blasphemous and i saw a woman sitting on a scarlet beast which was full of names of blasphemy , many years later when scarborough was out in the garden of eden she went to the tree of knowledge and picked an apple from it just to feed to her horse , go .
maybe it was that apple , he nickered again , it was so delicious , yummy .
she could hardly remember the garden of eden or the apple she fed to go that she talked to once upon a time .
the moment they arrived on the tavern by road , she get some apples from their baggage and looked for the girl that she had seen before .
after some talking , she offered her an apple and called out the attention of other sickly children she could find , giving them the same grace .
the door opened on a kitchen punctuated by half a dozen different scents -- the strongest of which , cinnamon , hung in the air like whispered promises of apple pies underscored by the stale scent of ancient tobacco , long spent .
her slender fingers lingered on his adam 's apple with just enough pressure to convey the threat and keep his gaze focused on her .
he pushed his thumb a bit harder into jennsen 's adam 's apple .
a man stepped into the firelight , taking a bite out of an apple in his hand .
hey , daniel said and threw an apple at him .
he always gave me the most delicious apples and pears whenever he visited papa .
his adams apple shifted as he swallowed , like a minstrel performer who had forgotten his next line .
his adams apple swallowed hard .
they spend on everything from apples to zip ties .
it is viewed as a necessary evil because they re not so ignorant as to not recognize some very bad apples exist in their midsts and would abuse those rights by trampling others to further their own gain .
it was candy apple red with white racing stripes .
still , the old saying the apple does nt fall from the tree could be somehow involved in his attorney role .
i was running through a small path which was laid through a grassy land and i stopped to catch my breath near an apple tree on the grassland .
then only i thought of looking up to check whether there were any apples on the tree , wow i was soo happy to see the tree was full of apples .
then only i thought of looking up to check whether there were any apples on the tree , wow i was soo happy to see the tree was full of apples .
i climbed up the tree , because my parents had a land which was full of apples as well , i had some experiences climbing tree with my neighbor , when i was with my parents before coming to university .
and plucked few apples and started eating one of them .
i was impresses and in the side of my lock was a pink laptop an apple laptop which was shining and i almost fainted .
marshal wolcotts face looked to be about as red as that apple behind his well - trimmed steel - grey whiskers .
thorn finished the apple and tossed the core in the wastebasket .
the widow tahnee dropped off a basket of biscuits and apple butter this morning .
thorn broke a biscuit and began slathering apple butter on it .
the table was set with a sumptuous feast of baked fish , roasted tubers , fresh tomatoes , and lettuce , along with a variety of apples and loaves of fresh bread .
all she 'd had to eat today was a soggy apple turnover .
she set the plate in front of her along with a glass of apple juice .
she found a small barrel of oats that had been left behind and put some in a bucket , mixing in a cut - up apple for her horse .
this variety tasted like an apple .
when she shared her apple with him , they were friends again .
watching the boats pull away from trinidad , duarte commented , unfortunately , brother - in - law , the bad apple has probably sent the whole barrel rotten .
does nt my flesh also creep with goose bumps from the cold and do nt i also feel the pinch of hunger for an apple fritter ?
for some reason , la seora reminded him of an apple .
for desert , we have apple strudel .
we split a half bottle of chateau neuf du pape over the steaks , and then finished up with the apple strudel and more coffee .
` ` this morning we are harvesting potatoes , later this morning we 'll be harvesting apples from the orchard . ''
` ` we will get enough potatoes to store through the winter and enough apples to preserve over the winter . ''
` ` well i guess we 'll see how good you do with picking apples , the orchards just up ahead . ''
connor had filled the wheelbarrow with apples while lena had collected four baskets of tomatoes .
` ` eat a couple of apples while we 're here . ''
lena tossed connor two apples .
connor caught the apples and bit into one .
he savored each bite and then ate the other apple .
lena also ate an apple and then a tomato .
they ordered a spice soup , cheese and bread with an apple pie slice for dessert .
cook , do you have a few slices of ginger or apples and crackers ?
he pulled out a wooden plate to set down a few slices , added five crackers and a small red apple .
she then noticed the platter as he reached down and grabbed an apple .
cage masterfully held the apple while gently squeezing , twisting in opposite directions all the while pulling the red fruit apart .
without need for a knife , cage broke the apple in half .
meekas jaw dropped as he split an apple in half without anything except his bare hands .
i d make proper apple juice , but right now this is the best i can offer .
his parents main source of income was an orchard of apple trees .
betty is the youngest and the apple of dads eye .
twigs crunched softly beneath our feet and fresh apple blossom petals floated around as two happy souls leisurely meandered down the winding woodland path towards the centre of town .
what did you think i d be trying to do whilst lying unconscious in the middle of a bitterly cold forest - booking a weekends retreat apple picking in sunny cider country ! ?
he picked the first hand which reached for the golden apple .
an apple seed , will only ever grow into an apple tree .
an apple seed , will only ever grow into an apple tree .
true , but it ll never grow cherries , only apples .
apple seeds only ever grow into apple trees .
apple seeds only ever grow into apple trees .
after a bazillion questions , we were led to a big conference - looking room where i found the others gobbling sandwiches and sipping apple juice .
side note : all the apps that apple rejects from their store end up end in hell , so we ve got like 5,000 fart button apps .
like a case of one bad apple spoils the bunch , you know ?
but , oh , my goddess , what is special is this apple cake that her mom makes that is just so frakkin delicious , tomika said .
there could not have been a home in the hills brimming with more cheer than the cooke familys where jayla and miyoung were working as hostesses to the gathering of trecille , doctor , steffennie , marc , tomika and allie who heartily indulged in the decorous but casual air scented with a loving perfume of freshly - baked apple pastries alongside a meal of loose - meat sandwiches and fries .
jina snickered as she finished quartering an apple .
jina took another apple from a bowl beside her and kept her eyes on the fruit as she spun it by its stem just above the counter .
jina looked down at the apple .
the apple snapped from its stem and hit the counter .
jina looked down at the apple she was passing between her hands .
jina held her apple up and smiled .
mary knelt down and placed chunks of bread and some under - ripe apples onto his lap .
do you remember how wild the wind was that day , how the apple blossom blowing like snowflakes across the churchyard .
mary handed her some bread and apples .
' he said ... he said i was to remind you about the apple blossom , whatever that means . '
but it was n't the old woman that cormag cut into , rather a green under - ripe apple .
mother munro lay at cormag 's feet , working hard to chew an apple without the help of teeth .
' would ye care fer some apple ? '
at the overgrown rear of the garden , behind an empty apple tree , gooseberry bushes and runner beans , brock stood and watched as james was chased from the drive .
a beautiful young woman in a white dress was walking between the tables , a basket full of apples , radishes and grapes cradled in her left arm .
i had read about it a few years back , and had actually considered purchasing it to play with on my apple laptop .
my cloud chambers built for two we laughed and laughed at that song , and when we finally had the synthesizer parts , bongo drums and chopped cords the way we wanted , saved it using pro tools onto my apple laptop .
an hour later they had eaten slabs of fresh bread with country butter and crab apple butter on them and downed the last of the coffee .
from the other pocket he brought a dozen small apples .
` ` wild onions and crab apples .
boil the apples for about twenty minutes and they ll taste like honey .
the soil must have been special because every inch of that little hillock was swarmed over with trees and brush , with choke cherries and crab apples and wild berries .
i ca nt drink caffeine , she said , the words falling like autumn apples to smash on the floor .
it was my birthday a few days before and shaun , the big sweetie , had camped out all night to get me one , when apple released them the previous week .
we found gordons cottage , almost a replica of johns in bishops down funnily enough , except there were not so many apple trees here and the garden was a little more contemporary with some large ferns and sub - tropical plants adorning the front garden .
we have our bad apples same as anyone .
my ex is from the big apple .
the dude from the big apple ! ''
but he was forced to take on the undesirable job to save his son who had been caught stealing an apple from the king 's private stores from the death penalty .
and a half rotten apple at that .
were looking for a round apple cheek curve to determine if she was built in this fish shape .
we do nt have the same apple shaped bow that we have at the site .
it was adam and eve with the woman holding the apple .
fracas shook his head in disbelief and threw his jewel apple over the side before he said , i still say they are merely stories ; ones told to frighten children into staying out of the woods .
fracas bought a jewel apple from a peddler , bit into the amber fruit , and stated , look the prince has returned .
she did n't even have a jewel apple , so pluck answered , you can eat half of what i have .
maybe an apple and/or small , ( read ' tiny ' ) can of fruit juice .
you 'll be flying a combat apple patrol ( cap ) mission off of the coast of vietnam .
so to be sure , i talked them into letting you crew a combat apple , ec135 on an 8 hour mission tomorrow .
it was a very soft blue with pink apple blossoms and small green leaves .
she asked and held her hands up in front of her breasts as if she was holding an apple in each hand .
( big ugly fat fucker ) bx - base exchange ( navy & air force ) combat apple missions - cap combat air patrol in the vicinity of north vietnam and the gulf of tonkin .
unbeknown to sarah the tapestry told the story of iduna the guardian of the golden apples , the fruit taken by the gods whenever they wished to be young again .
gavin would throw apples into the air as targets .
the horses grazed and chomped apples .
fresh baked apple and peach pies sat on the kitchen table , cooling from the hot oven .
but what about your apple pie ?
angie whined , we always have your apple pie for christmas .
her cheeks were as red as apples .
he was just a block over from the school and curious to who was getting to ride in the candy apple red model ` ` b '' ford roadster .
he could hunt birds around the edge of the cow pasture and in the old orchard just before dusk when they came in to feed on the small withered apples .
the sleepy , bible belt , god , guns , apple pie , and casseroles state .
allan found apples in the wilderness near the old road .
the lines of apple trees told him that , when this castle had been occupied , there had been an orchard here .
in order to afford living in the big apple , james figured he had to make at least $ 200 a week .
with the cruise set at 74 mph , gerry is driving with one hand on the wheel , munching on a red delicious apple with the other .
he ends up bagging two red - delicious apples , one orange , and one grapefruit from out of a very still produce section before snagging some skim milk and a box of grape nuts to check out with .
the fruits were set aside in baskets in front of the tent as we needed them for pastry right away : seven red star apples , ten sun fruits and five green seed fruits .
when i came back a couple of hours later , a sun fruit and two red star apples were missing .
but on my way back to the kitchen tent , i passed the hareem and there i saw her sitting in front of sitas tent eating a red star apple .
but by then i already had her by her robe , asking where she had hidden the other apple , and the chit just shook her head and said no .
i would believe it if she would have taken a red star apple ; but a sun fruit ?
two red star apples are not accounted for , too and the cook found her eating one of said delicacies .
now , have you at any time seen her eating a red star apple or a sun fruit today , warrior ?
but she likes red star apples .
has anybody seen her near the pantry tent , or given her the apple she was caught eating ?
she was eating a red star apple , but except for my sons word , no one saw her with the sun fruit .
i found her eating one of the missing apples and she did have yellow stains on her robe .
with that , the servant went back in and came back with a red star apple .
thank you , the girl said almost inaudibly and began to eat her apple .
screaming at her and shaking her hard , she tried to take the girls apple .
he asked , producing an apple from somewhere .
the next j owolf knew he got hit in the head by a green apple thrown from the tower .
princess fely lives inside , trapped by the evil merlin ; and it was me , her maid su wei , who did the apple hurling .
j owolf beaned the maid with an apple of his own , knocking her out .
now say : father fred , th fat french friar , forged fifty - five fancy philippine flamingos for a fine phenomenal fee , j owolf emoted effortlesslyafter which an apple sailed through the air and nailed him on the noggin .
he told her , toss me an apple .
he waited until it was almost on him , then threw the apple hard as he could , striking the joint where the wing joined the body .
well , like they say : an apple a day keeps th dactyl away .
lets see , how about : once rapunzel time which was as far as he got before an apple beaned him .
and look , the princess halted at the foot of the grove , the wizards blood has spread all over the apples .
right , j nodded , reaching for the apple that had been sitting beside him the whole time .
my specialties are apple pie and spaghetti , she beamed proudly .
tinchi peek at her , saw her red cheeks look , very cute , like a big red apple , and she look back at him , and saw her eyes a little apologetic .
i asked , taking a bite from an apple .
i walked closer to the table , the apple still in hand .
my shoes step onto a filthy hallway floor filled with mud , old notebooks , and old stale food , rotten apples half eaten , and rotten banana peels .
he gathered himself an assortment of fruit ; dates , grapes , and an apple .
he picked up a small knife and began peeling the apple .
he had always hated the skin of an apple .
sapharu handed the apple and knife over .
amunet finished peeling the apple and handed it to sapharu .
sapharu cut a slice of peeled apple and took a bite as he talked .
all he remembered from the dream was being frustrated at the skin of an apple .
well , it did have an apple peel involved , so yeah , bad dream , esephris replied .
matchra and the others raised their eyebrows in curiosity , prompting esephris to clarify , i hate apple skins .
well , are nt you glad i was around to save you from those apple skins ?
we have apples , though , she offered .
when are they going to make an apple with a softer and sweeter peel ?
try this , she said with laughter as she handed him an orange and yellow apple .
taking out the apple given by the old lady in the market , he began to eat it as he scanned the woods around him , seeing nothing in the darkness .
he paused from eating his apple to take a drink of water from his pouch to wash the disgusting taste away .
shortly after finishing his apple , and enjoying a brief moment on the dark , cool forest floor , he got back to his feet and began to climb the trail .
we 'd come a long way from that day when i was eight years old and stealing apples from the royal orchards .
like a merchant trying to sell me an overpriced piece of fruit , she thought that changing the name of ' apple ' to ' delicious red thing ' would somehow change my mind .
i m sure she will , alvin laughed , grabbed the apple from the lunch box and took a big bite .
alvin crunched the apple , glimpsing at one of the hill in front of him .
well , you ca nt bind the souls forever jake ; the wisdom comes when we are free , and flourish when we do something good with it , said alvin , finishing off the apple and threw the rest away .
but i have to get some apple for a dessert , said diana .
oh , i ve heard it is bad to eat apples in the evening , said alvin .
oh , ill get some apple then , i m going to bake an apple pie !
oh , ill get some apple then , i m going to bake an apple pie !
diana went to the backyard to the apple tree near the pond .
she breathed in the clean air , and approached an apple tree .
she went to her mothers in the afternoon , chatted and brought some of the apple pies and other foods which her mother made .
he put on a cream on his chin , putting the razor on the steaming water ; the razor slightly touched his adams apple .
this serpent is feeding the people a poisoned apple of untruths and false hope .
i pilfered chunks of cheese from the kitchen and some apples and salt .
a row of booths featured mothers cutting chicken fingers into even smaller pieces while the eventual eaters splashed apple juice upon placemats adorned with local advertisement .
ethan stayed in the room but moved off to the side as julies vitals were checked and she was brought a tray of oatmeal , apple , graham muffins , and a small carton of milk .
so they shared the muffin and the milk and the apple .
courtney opened the backpacks and found two apples , a fruit bar and a couple boxes of raisins .
she smiled , handed half the food to renee , sat down and bit into the apple .
there was a cutting board and knife and bowls containing apples , peaches , and strawberries .
she smiled ; her mouth is covered with brownish apple sauce .
there was a sound of a crunch snap of an apple .
she picked up the apples from the basket and washed it in running water .
the apple crunched between her jaws .
there are last years apples on the southern slope of round - top .
and i better call apple , mayor cori said .
as of this publication , he has 18 books , including the three free ones found in this compilation , selling at the worlds major ebook retailers such as : amazon , barnes and noble , apple , kobo and more .
a grove of trees approached which looked to be apples or some similar kind of red fruit .
james located an apple - like fruit that appeared to be ripe and removed it from the branch .
he bit into it , and found that the fruit had a taste similar to apples , though the skin was slightly thicker .
rolling the apple he had in his hand , a course of action sprang to mind .
the apple arced through the air , and to mikos surprise , picked up speed .
even though the man attempted to avoid the hurled fruit , the apple altered its course accordingly and nailed him in the side of the head .
he was careful not to step on the apples lying across the bottom as he took his seat .
you knocked him out with that apple and hell probably have a big bruise on his temple for a while , but i think hell make it .
he reached into his backpack and pulled out a couple of apples , handing one to miko .
once they reached the road , they continued south all the while eating apples and casting glances over their shoulders for sign of pursuit .
james offered him some of the apples since there was little fish left .
thank you , sir , he said , taking the proffered apples .
he took a bite of apple then reached into his tunic and pulled out a flask .
tossing the apple core to the river , he sat back and grabbed his mandolin and asked if anyone would mind if he practiced .
miko took a sizeable bite of an apple then said a moment later , he sure left early .
our apple tarts are especially good .
yes we do , sir , the young man replied as he took apple tarts from behind the counter and placed them into a bag .
a man greeted him , welcome to the apple tree inn .
he could always count on reneeke to find the mushy section in any apple .
an apple orchard .
he slowed to a trot and waded through some long grass and then picked up an apple from the foot of one of the trees , taking a big deep bite .
all about him , ripe apples hung invitingly , ready to be picked .
tom leant over and took a firm hold on the biggest and reddest apple he could see .
but the apple was sour .
putting his hand to his mouth , he spat the apple out , almost gagging and when he looked down at the remains he knew he was going to vomit .
he still held the apple in his other hand and there were more of the things , crawling , squirming out of the rotten fruit .
the oatmeal had chunks of steaming apples with both sweet and tangy flavors mixed in with the meal .
she rose and grabbed two crystal glasses and a decanter filled with apple brandy .
the stranger was starting to get irritated , but how could you make a scene with the sheriff sitting a few booths behind you , and an innocent kid , as wholesome as apple pie , taking an interest ?
an apple was thrown over the roof of the storage building , and a chocolate bar was deposited into the pocket of one of the boys , guess you re going hungry today freak - boy .
mrs . guanty sat at her desk chewing on a fresh red apple , reading the newspaper , her face hidden behind the paper as the class read their books .
rodolpho bit into his apple .
rodolpho let the apple enter the wrong tube to his stomach .
` ` i ' ve seen them , '' a man shouted with a mouth full of apple .
when the lunch whistle blew , and the roach coach honked its hog horn , rodolpho bought a sandwich and apple juice and sat to eat it on one of the crates on the dock .
it would be nice to say there s a good part of town , but that would be like showing which part an apple is rotted the least .
but here you are , the apple of my eye .
i can see his adams apple bobbing in fear .
apples and bananas from the ships store were placed on the small boat and a can of english - made biscuits also shared space with them .
she picked up an apple like stephanie and started munching away like stephanie .
nora , because she was holding a paddle and an apple ; matthew , because he was thinking of a certain german military officer ; and stephanie because twelve months rang a bell in her head .
` ` i ' m helping louise make an apple pie . ''
jorge lifted his arms in surrender and the jacket and handful of oranges and apples fell to the ground .
he took a bite from one the apples and smiled as the agent stumbled away .
they opened the bag of food and pulled out oranges and apples from the market and passed them around .
rego sat with an apple in his hand , looking down over the marvelous site .
truly enough , thorkell was not a talkative man , but he did like to tell the story of thiassi , a giant who took the form of an eagle and stole iddun and her apples of youth from the gods .
and remember the apples , amos said , as if contributing to a grocery list .
he mean you remember bring the apples home , cricket clarified .
as a child , ember had gone head first into a barrel of green apples and made himself so sick that for months afterward he had shuddered at the mention of apples , or sauce , or even fritters .
as a child , ember had gone head first into a barrel of green apples and made himself so sick that for months afterward he had shuddered at the mention of apples , or sauce , or even fritters .
yeah , you re sorry for being such an ornery mule , peter translated , throwing a dried horse apple at gideon .
no one holding a burning explosive should look that peaceful , or have a glint about them as if they d just been given a fork and a fresh apple pie all their own .
she toyed with the contents , shifted an apple , nudged the sugar and righted a jar of cherry jam .
he told the warthog to stand under the tree and he climbed onto his broad back and from there the raccoon was able to pick some apples for both of them .
but he insisted that since he was the first to touch the apples it was his right to take the first bite .
but the raccoon maintained that the first to touch the apple was to get the first bite .
he insisted it was now his turn or there would be no apples at all .
how can steam smell of wild apples and burned grass ?
she has an adams apple .
being a male , i would have noted the facial hair around her mouth and cheekbones and an adams apple while giving away her secret plus iding the bitch , soonest , nods and chuckles .
the present day archeologists dig and dig in the dirt without finding an apple seed of jericho because the weapon of mass destruction obliterated the men , women , and children , plants , and animals .
henry watched the werewolf leap out at his child , all teeth and fury , and every instinct in henrys gut told him to fire , but he waited , his adams apple jumping with the gorgeous crack of a beretta going off , followed closely by the bark of jakes semi - automatic .
however , i had to leave when i saw two older boys sniffing a plastic with something that looked like an apple juice .
i craved for apple juice so i left to look for some but to no avail .
do you have apple juice ?
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the old man understood that she was not going to bear it , remembered the taste of a sweet ripe apple and threw the impression to her .
the taste of the decoction , as bitter as wormwood , was exchanged for the taste of apple juice .
so adam and eve fucked up and ate the damn red pretty apple then got kicked out of paradise , pissing god off .
he rabbit punched him hard , aiming for the adams apple .
well , that s exactly it , lamb and apples and sweet potato all mixed up with gravy .
also , on my first day the tech guys had unpacked a brand new apple desktop computer from its box and styrofoam peanuts and set it up on my new desk with my new chair i had enjoyed that sensation as well .
does tay look for an apple under the walnut tree ?
she and her co - owner beth would spend the rest of the week prowling the galleries of soho and greenwich village in hopes of discovering hot talent fresh out of the big apple oven , and new product for their growing clientele .
it was academic feudalism but it helped pay the bills and , until my porn novel breached the gates of the big apple smut kingdom , i was resigned to my fate .
the thief walked by a cart where one seller pulled baskets of apples out and placed them on a stall .
the seller bent over to look at what caused the noise , and giorgio snatched a couple of apples with a casual flick of his hand and put them in his cloak .
he leaned against the pole arm , leg crossed , eating an apple .
zandor finished his apple , tossed it over his shoulder into the water , and indicated jon to head up the boarding plank .
the brawny man leaned against a stall , laughing with another man and eating an apple .
colourful drawings , an apple and once even a blue smurf figure .
you taste , like apple sauce .
you taste really good , like apple sauce .
he kisses her lips , tasting , like sweet apple sauce .
i taste apple sauce .
do you taste , like apple sauce to me , pox ?
when i first kissed pox , on our introduction day of trig , he tasted , like apple sauce .
now , he tastes , like apple sauce .
her sweet , apple blossom scent floated through the air .
they were as big as apples .
marantes nose had grown to two inches in diameter and shined red as an apple .
as they settled into a desert of apple pie , helena set her fork down and looked at the two men .
the sound did nt stay small for long as the hail grew to the size of apples and rained down for half a city block damaging everything in its path .
cars , buses and brigades of yellow cabs made their way up 1st avenue as day overcame the twinkling lights of the big apple .
on each of these soldiers , an apple hangs from a different vital point of the body .
the first soldier , as you see , has his apple hanging in front of his heart ; the second , his head ; and the third , his throat .
your mission is to knock away and obliterate these apples in three minutes - one minute for each soldier if it 's done correctly .
she easily destroyed the apple hanging from the first guard , sending moist green and white flecks flying through the air .
she moved on to the second , then the third , demolishing all the apples with over a full minute to spare .
thomson destroyed the three apples with ease , leaving a full minute and thirty seconds on the clock .
gisbo lunged forward , catching the first guard by surprise , and obliterated the first apple .
distance closed fast between his weapon and the apple hanging from the second guard , who took on the face of thomson rather realistically to gisbos imagination .
as they went down , the third apple broke off its harness and flew into the air .
just do whatever you did to those apples and we are all set .
makes sense really , so i pretty much had a job set for me soon as i got here , but i bet i could convince my dad to take on a couple more for , you know , cleanin up around the shop , basic stuff like that , shaved said as he bit into a crisp apple .
every morning the boys would stroll through on their way to class to be greeted by the aromas of pumpkin and apple pies , pumpkin bread and apple crisp and the sweet smell of hot caramel .
every morning the boys would stroll through on their way to class to be greeted by the aromas of pumpkin and apple pies , pumpkin bread and apple crisp and the sweet smell of hot caramel .
these days grandfield arrived a little later then usual , unable to resist purchasing a candied apple on a stick with coconut topping , a personal favorite .
grandfield gulped and dropped his caramel coated apple to the ground .
as usual , grandfield was the first at marges bakery to grab his caramelized apple for the day , now his only one , due to his recent unavoidable diet .
grandfield raised his treat for a crisp bite , only to stop as he noticed a red blotch on the top of the apple .
he watched with curiosity as the blotch slowly dripped down over the apples rounded edge .
in a gargled yell , granfield dropped his apple and backed away from the statue , his boots leaving a trail of bloody footprints as he desperately shouted for help .
in a flash , narroways talon sword was out and had joined falcons , looming dangerously over lokins adam 's apple .
when they were nt playing hockey , everyone enjoyed warm cups of hot cocoa , apple cider and a variety of steaming soups from the various shops .
rolce asked as he sat at the table in their tree house eating an apple with harpie on his shoulder .
when the boys arrived on the scene , ranto was leaning against an oak tree chomping on an apple casually .
ranto said as he tossed his apple core over his shoulder and made his way forward .
the matriarch suddenly walked in with fresh baked pie that made the room smell like apples .
jake 's adam 's apple bobbed .
my motionless existence has turned a strong back and sturdy legs into the soft flesh of a rotting apple .
redbeard , greenbeard and yellowbeard all bounded up the steps together , triplets and younger brothers of the captain ; princess alice , a royal originally kidnapped from sweden who had actually volunteered for bluebeards crew to escape the stuffy life which awaited her as queen ; and finally , agatha bottle - neck saunders , so - called because of her long neck and her unique ability to open bottles with her adams apple .
ed stabbed a finger towards jeremys bobbing adam 's apple .
ok , what about a chocolate cake or apple pie ?
when 1 was about nine , i had thrown some rotten apples at a neighbour 's boy , in retaliation for his throwing them at me from his garden .
two metal kegs of ale lay on their sides on another table , red plastic tubs below the taps already swimming with brown spillage , in which a half - eaten apple lay drowned .
after a quick breakfast of granola bars and apples , a unified hush settled on everyone as they helped mothball pack up her things and stuff them into the backpack .
she is supposed to be bringing me apples .
she watched him swallow hard , his adams apple bobbing tightly against his stubble - covered throat .
he forced his lips together and swallowed , his adams apple pressing against the torn and dirty collar of his once - grey shirt .
she loved little animals , old jazz and spring flowers- especially the apple blossom .
the bachelors face started turning the color of a ripe fall apple , partly from being held by the neck , but mostly from complete and utter fury .
table of contents chapter 1 ~ new born chapter 2 ~ two years later chapter 3 ~ discussion over a plate of worms chapter 4 ~ inspiration chapter 5 ~ strange encounters chapter 6 ~ letting the cat out of the bag chapter 7 ~ elightening chapter 8 ~ becoming chapter 9 ~ kavalah chapter 10 ~ deadly handshake chapter 11 ~ the secret place chapter 12 ~ cage chapter 13 ~ the hunter chapter 14 ~ nothing is certain chapter 15 ~ envy of the elves chapter 16 ~ discovery chapter 17 ~ the dragons tooth chapter 18 ~ three magical creatures chapter 19 ~ a meeting at the crossroads chapter 20 ~ song chapter 21 ~ the crystal key chapter 22 ~ the beginning of the end chapter 23 ~ the fates fury chapter 24 ~ a crash course in tree hopping chapter 25 ~ secret keepers chapter 26 ~ truth chapter 27 ~ unfathomable reality chapter 28 ~ surprise chapter 29 ~ secret of the suns heart chapter 30 ~ apples and old friends chapter 31 ~ tomorrow night chapter 32 ~ final moments chapter 33 ~ the battle begins chapter 34 ~ sibling rivalry chapter 35 ~ belzac the doon chapter 36 ~ the power of forgiveness chapter 37 ~ echos purpose spiritual specials about the author connect with the author online chapter 1 new born amazing how something so simple can be so beautiful !
fresh grapes , apples , and a mixture of nuts were carefully divided into smoothly polished stone bowls .
his beaky nose was red , and his adams apple bobbed grotesquely on his vulture - like neck as he spoke .
feeling like her heart had switched places with her adams apple , echo inched her way along the side of the house .
echo raced back into the house and hastily grabbed an apple and two chunks of bread .
she wanted to smile at the thought , but took a bite of apple instead and walked over to her friend .
chapter 30 apples and old friends two days had passed since echo and her dad had seen brecker .
keebo leaned against one of the spongy canopy trunks , munching an apple and looking thoughtfully at the mesh of branches stretched over him .
more apples rested in a large pile at his feet .
keebo took a last bite of apple , threw the core into the trees , and then looked in echos direction .
echo looked down at the pile of apples .
what are the apples for ?
echo shouted and then looked down to see an apple , as bruised as her leg , rolling across the ground .
he appeared quickly through a canopy trunk , grabbed another apple , and then vanished again .
a whisper of a sound drew her attention to her left , just in time to see another apple whizzing through the air toward her face .
her arm muscles jerked , but not quickly enough to stop the apple from striking her cheek .
with mischief gleaming in his eyes , keebo grabbed a few more apples and then disappeared into a tree .
she snapped her lids open and spun her blades around just in time to slice a flying apple .
but another apple shot at her from a different direction , pelting her in the back .
echo and keebo played the apple game for nearly three hours .
shed sliced dozens of apples by the time they were done .
she asked , looking at the mess of apple chunks cluttering the ground .
they love apples , keebo replied .
shed seen golden deer and shining young unicorns nibbling fallen apples beneath the trees many times .
she picked several of the apple chunks from the ground .
only you ll have to stop yourself from slicing the apples next time .
echo dropped the apple bits and ran forward to hug her friend as the fae landed gracefully before them .
but they had passed her and keebo and were munching on the apples echo had dropped .
they like apples ?
at least they would nt have to worry about what to do with the apples .
two more days slipped by as they practiced fighting in the sky with her dad and finear and also in the trees with keebo and his apples .
she was beginning to hate apples .
at first , echo thought he was holding several small apples , but the light coming from the objects quickly dispelled that idea .
the couple sat at the kitchen table as a pot of apple and parsnip soup slowly warmed on the stove .
while he uncapped a bottle of apple juice , simon offered his best false smile .
simon walked over to the dining table with the cordless phone and apple juice , and wished he had a quirley handy .
time at the seller 's farm was split between joining kate 's dad as he inspected animals , and following jane 's example while she offered apples to the various equines .
after gaining more trust with the animals by offering handfuls of oats and an apple for each , the two humans walked hand in hand back indoors .
the magistrate 's mental defenses seemed to be especially weak when he was vexed ; the pixie neela was foremost on his mind , like an apple for the picking .
it started with granola bars and apple juice , then small pork cutlets and baked potato with lime water , and by that evening she was serving him pasta with sausage and peppers with red wine ; all of it high in iron .
aldritch sat tranquilly on a stump and savored a lore apple while the rain he conjured simply avoided him .
have you had to steal magical apples from the gods ?
zipping around on brooms , making candles burst into flame of their own accord , using your mind to make an apple appear before you could not heal a traumatized soul .
chris felt himself swallow in a dry mouth , his adams apple feeling huge and sticking as it bobbed up and down .
he took a bite out of an apple and shook out his hand .
no worries dude , she 'll be apples .
he smiled an embarrassed yet superior smile , like a parent caught stealing apples by a child .
on his way around back he passed two men with a cart and a shovel cleaning up horse apples on the gravel drive .
they looked about as magical as horse apples .
i was going to make an apple cake tonight , her mother began .
i bet burke will be upset that the kids cost him an apple cake , kira said as she pulled another sock from the pile she was darning in preparation for the coming winter .
a hard piece of flat bread , a small chunk of salty cheese , and an apple appeared from his saddlebags a moment later .
she had bloody ribbons in her hair and was eating a shiny yellow apple and laughing like it was some big joke .
the spicy scent of sausage causes his mouth to water as he fills a mug with apple cider and finds a quiet place to sit amongst the rows of nearly empty tables .
the gardens were filled with apple trees , and tall grass .
he grabbed four apples , put one in his mouth , and walked back onto the path .
he lifted the hand holding the apples towards us , and gestured at the hand holding the apples with his other hand .
he lifted the hand holding the apples towards us , and gestured at the hand holding the apples with his other hand .
the thing is , these are the kings apples , and we have no right to eat them , unless offered to by the king himself .
he got an apple , and had his goons hold the boy down .
that would not be a problem , deceiving deidre would be as easy as eating apple pie .
chapter twenty - five | apples & arrows talon reached into the small sack and pulled out an apple , then handed the piece of fruit to jason branton .
chapter twenty - five | apples & arrows talon reached into the small sack and pulled out an apple , then handed the piece of fruit to jason branton .
throw the apple , he urged .
branton leaned his own bow against a large stone on the ground , turned and flung the apple as hard and fast as he could .
jason saw the arrow catch the apple and could barely hear the sound it made with the impact because of the wintery gusts that blew through the outer fringes of the whispering pines .
my father taught me to shoot using apples because i liked eating them some much .
that nausicaa was bad clear through , like an apple with a canker .
delicious fragrances chased themselves like butterflies through the air : apple , fig , orange blossom , lilies .
you , er , promised to reward paris of troy with the most beautiful woman in the world if he would give you the golden apple marked for the fairest ?
who threw that apple into the midst of the wedding feast anyway , i d like to know ?
she was nt invited to the wedding and that made her mad but she was more likely to put pegasus poo in the punchbowl than toss an apple into our midst .
the tossing of a golden apple or the stirring up of unease between lovers , yes , that she might do and often has .
she had to hold back a laugh as her fingertips grazed her new lovers stubble and down his adams apple , tell me what i need to know about your dear cousin .
luz made an apple pie for dessert .
he had some great chicken - fried steak with mounds of mashed potatoes and gravy , and flaky biscuits dripping in butter , then some excellent homemade apple pie , which he ordered with blue bell ice cream .
he d already eaten the hard cheese and the two apples the driver had given him yesterday and his stomach ached with emptiness .
the driver had spoken not a word since giving him the cheese and apples and a swallow of bitter wine from his own skin .
andre took two apples from his pocket and gave one to the boy .
the robins is watery and tastes of apples from the orchard ; the ravens dark like pitch and tastes of berries .
christians face brightened as he bit into the apple with his strong white teeth .
he did not know how long he d travelled , his bare feet bleeding and raw , hiding in the hedges on the side of the road , eating the windfall apples under the trees and eggs from the nests .
they rested that first night in a hay - loft on the edge of the forest and supped on summer apples and honey dumplings .
christians eyes grew wide as he wandered among stalls laden with loaves of warm bread , fresh apples and fruit pies , cider in barrels and new milk in jugs , bright painted eggs , trussed and squawking chickens tied on poles and tubs of wriggling eels .
but they were not unkind and fetched him water and a dried apple to chew on .
the sabbath was his own and he spent in exploring the island or sitting , with his bag filled with apples and books , on the cliffs near the burial ground of the knights of st . john .
no guard stood sentinel or questioned his business there and he followed the others , walking narrow roads , through thickly planted orchards of apples , nuts , apricots and plums , the ripe fruit hanging heavily on the branches .
after the children had been returned to their mothers , ishmael and christian sat together in the shade of an apple tree , drinking strong turkish coffee and talking of their lives .
a couple of apples rolled around in the fruit bin .
his tie was perfectly knotted and close to his adam 's apple ; he looked like he was ready to walk into contract negotiations with the archest of his enemies .
he ordered his own apple pie la mode , and we matched each other , bite for bite .
i was still hungry when i finished that , so i found an apple .
she turned to howie , who was now standing beside her eating an apple .
howie watched the last spot where jake had been at the tree line , took a bite of the apple and shrugged .
he sliced up an apple and mango into a bowl and took one of the bottles of fruit juice from the small refrigerator at the bar .
remember that time we hid up in the apple tree when it was time for me to go to the doctors to get my shots so i could start school ?
the dn1 expressway hillsides outside bucharest were lined with massive firs , linden , apple orchards .
one seemed to be an apple , but the other was less familiar .
they would put an apple on their head which would be kept in place by twine tied under their chin .
he moved , hawkeye shot , an apple split in two and the crowd went wild .
even with a brain the size of an apple , she realized giant smiling - beings were preferred to the others ; the ones who seemed to enjoy chasing her with pitchforks .
she sidled up to the stand and snatched an apple and a piece of bread faster than the eye could follow , placing them into a pocket shed sewn into her shirt .
rose bit into the apple as she opened the door wide and then stopped as two girls moved to impede her progress .
ill take that , remarked a raven haired girl named felicity , as she plucked the half - eaten apple from roses grasp .
cora walked up to the small dark haired little boy dressed in only a t - shirt and jeans gazing at samantha from behind a small apple tree .
i was thinking of climbing that apple tree .
alyssa glanced back at cora , who was watching both children climb a small apple tree .
please enjoy it with the taste of fresh lime and apple , explained mothy to ken and meg .
no , in all honesty , he speculated jirdin had been born wrinkled , that he d emerged into this world with skin looking like a dried apple .
aldred asked , as he selected an apple to eat for his breakfast .
surgically extracting it , then serving it with a bit of apple sauce and hoping the victim will go along for the experience ?
surgery and apple sauce .
and not just any enforcer , one that was rumoured to make people eat their own livers with a bit of apple sauce .
somebody had replaced his face with a bloody bruised mask , one eye so badly swollen it took on the appearance of a bright red apple .
if your breath stinks , eat an apple or something .
you need an apple .
ha - you need an apple .
you need a hundred apples !
do i need an apple that bad ?
ezequador put his amolvian knife - edge into his adams apple .
baelock is surprised when wreen wormclaw , the metal smith from the other side of the island and his chief rival , shows up and contributes a basket of apples .
two common plants , nettle to provide nutrients and crab apples to renew energy , were easy to find .
cook helps grenab carry a heavy crate of apples into the kitchens larder .
better to just wait for the enemy to surrender , and chew on an apple or twenty .
i 'd dearly like to have a nice apple pie together with you and your father , just like old times .
they will sing and pray to the heavens till they are out of their wits , and engage in logic that can not call an apple an apple , nor a man a man , but which spins like a top and cause them to tremble with love for their own wisdom ... she threw off her cloak and pushed up the sleeves of her vestment above her elbows .
they will sing and pray to the heavens till they are out of their wits , and engage in logic that can not call an apple an apple , nor a man a man , but which spins like a top and cause them to tremble with love for their own wisdom ... she threw off her cloak and pushed up the sleeves of her vestment above her elbows .
all summer long she would watch the apples grow , her upraised face speckled with the sunlight filtering through the leaves , seeing them first as little green pips of things , then swell and colour until they were red and bursting with the good sweet sugar of the earth .
in the autumn she would pick them , placing each red apple in her apron with the greatest care .
she was a wilful creature , and satisfied with being on her own , and satisfied , too , that the universe should concern itself solely with ripening her apples .
asta lived in her orchard for longer than most people can remember , watching her apples grow and then eating them during winter and spring .
one day in autumn , a man came out of the water and stole all her apples .
he came striding out of the seas mumbling to himself , and stopped in amazement and delight upon seeing the rosy apples in astas orchard .
she ran out of doors and found him among the trees , his great hands tearing away apples , leaves and branches in greedy haste .
he did not see her , being too intent upon the apples , though she cursed him with all the resources of her venomous mouth , and when he had eaten them all , and a fair amount of leaves and twigs as well , he turned about and marched back into the sea .
the blossom helped her feel better ; the first sign of an apple cheered her up no end .
she resumed her vigil in the orchard , gazing up at the growing apples with the sun dappling her face .
she had by now forgotten all about the giant from the sea and no longer did the memory of his smelly coat or , more to the point , his total indifference to her as he ate up her crop of apples , rouse her to insane anger .
she prepared as usual to pick the apples , getting the straw ready , making sure her apron was cleaned and darned .
creation took no notice ; it went on as usual and when spring came round it produced bud , blossom and apple - to - be , as though nothing had happened .
the tiny apples were appearing and she was desperate for them .
throughout the summer asta sat in the orchard and watched her apples grow .
autumn came and the apples ripened .
afterwards , chorsa was content that her plan had worked and asta was mollified by the sight of the low pile of stored apples .
this was a better plan , for the giant had eyes only for the apples and so did not fight well .
in the next year , chorsa set the wives and children of her fighting men to help asta harvest the apples .
asta , her store filled as in years before , thanked chorsa and sat in a secluded corner throughout winter and spring , eating with relish one apple a day .
it was because of this love that agnanna one day proposed to asta and chorsa that the men and their families should receive a share of the apples each autumn .
lucinda stroked the mares long mane and fed her an apple that chad handed her .
to the right , lucinda saw several apple trees , and some small crouching peach trees .
this huge wagon was already loaded with provisions - sacks of flour , bags of sugar , bottles of olive oil , dried fish , smoked fish , dried beef , dried apples , dried figs , dried apricots , many cans of : tomatoes , pears , peas , soup ; bags of rice and potatoes ; salt , bourbon , chocolate , canned mangos , no end of cans of condensed milk etc . , etc .
they had 100 pounds of canned tomatoes , 100 pounds of canned mangos , 100 pounds of canned pears , 300 pounds of flour and same for pasta , 100 pounds of olive oil and corn oil , 500 pounds of rice and potatoes , 1,000 cans of condensed milk , 1,000 cans tuna , 100 pounds of smoked fish , 500 pounds of salt beef , 100 bottles of whisky , 400 pounds of chocolate , 1,000 pounds of sugar , 100 pounds of tea , 100 pounds of coffee , 100 pounds of soap , plus plenty of razors and iodine , bandages and splints for broken arms and legs ; they had no end of miscellaneous items which 29 people would need to survive in the wilderness for several months , such as 500 gallons of kerosene and 5 chogalisa stoves ; fodder for the horses in the form of a ton of oats and 400 pounds of dried apples had to be taken .
there 's plenty of oats and dried apples and carrots .
it was good fortune there to have apples , grapes , or whatever was in season ; here , something was always ready to fall on ones head from above .
his little daughter was gone and that girl was everything to him , the apple of his eye .
she had put out an apple pie for the two of them to eat .
it reeked , an acid smell , like sour apples , and beneath it , a different , muskier smell .
she and her mom had made their specialty for dinner tonight , store - bought apple pie .
that particular combination , milk and apple pie , often seemed to make jessie sleepy .
amiras chef , a heavyset , mustachioed parilian named fortino , came wheezing out of the manse bearing a pair of baskets stuffed full of cheese , bread , apples , grapes , figs , and smoked oysters imported at great expense from the coast .
he almost flattened an apple cart , if the story is accurate .
he asked gerald while feeding an apple to it .
on account of how he steals all the apples .
the grocer snatched it before it fell , but then placed it atop a box of apples instead of pocketing it .
the stallion whinnied at him , and liam gave up his last apple .
the man had bright apple cheeks and looked to be about twelve years old , but he only appeared young : pater uxhart , who had been in liams regiment in the royal army , all those years ago .
liam got down and gave the stallion an apple .
give him an apple or you might regret it , liam said as lightly as he could , as he led katin in past the major .
he fetched a basket of apples and carried it over toward the loitering soldiers .
i put my lunch bag down , deciding an apple and some carrots were n't worth putting in the break rooms refrigerator .
rena cut up her apple into eight perfect slices .
this did not mean i wanted to talk openly about them over turkey , apples , and pretzels .
i made a turkey sandwich , grabbed an apple , and a container of microwavable macaroni and cheese .
he gasped and his hand moved to touch his adam 's apple as he struggled for breath .
the apples and figs were delivered yesterday from upper manasseh .
i am a traveler and i only wish to buy one or two apples and a handful of figs . ''
the girl handed him two of the best apples and two full clusters of figs .
the middle plaza was surrounded by apple and fig trees with small set - off gardens and benches for resting .
there were several water pools between the gardens and more fig and apple trees spaced out proportionately around the edges of the court .
the apple trees had small , green apples hanging among their dark , shiny leaves but these would not be ready for many weeks .
the apple trees had small , green apples hanging among their dark , shiny leaves but these would not be ready for many weeks .
nathan was seated on a small seat in the entryway of his modest house and was drinking a mix of pomegranate and wild apple juice .
left on the table were some chicken bones , some bits and pieces of salad , and an apple .
an put an apple between his teeth , he bit , and the sweet juice of the fruit graced his throat as it ran down .
most of the time , jesse sat behind the large desk that served as a counter ; working on an apple laptop .
i should ve shoved an apple in my mouth while i was at it .
monika said , finished with the meat and peeling an apple .
and if we were to meet black wolves , or whatever might be out there , then you could use all the help you can get , she said , biting her apple .
fobata said , before pointing out the fine apples ready to be plucked .
he said , picking out an apple to give to kala .
kala , eating the apple , paused to say , then perhaps you should have just given him what he wanted , and be satisfied with whatever position you could get elsewhere .
kala asked , chomping on the apple again .
kala said , frowning as she turned to him and took another bite of her apple .
she said , chewing on the last bit of the apple .
kala said , turning away and tossing the apple core into the bushes .
and a neighboring tree might hold a rich red fruit that was neither apple nor cherry but something else altogether , a flavor which none knew because none had ever tasted it .
the manor was fronted by a decorative garden , with four apple trees equally spaced around a statue of a naked woman .
colorful banners hung across the square , and the smell of roasting lamb shanks and cinnamon - spiced apples permeated the happy crowd .
she ate apples on sticks and sweet glazed rolls and handfuls of salted nuts .
sweeter than cherries and juicier than apples .
it was shaped something like an apple , but it was too small to be one .
she was fiddling with an apple corer he had left at his right elbow .
he asked , indicating another bowl in front of her that held apples coated in several different spices .
for my first job i was asked to steal a single apple from a nearby fruit stand , without being caught .
as the vendor scurried along picking up his goods and yelling profanities , i took a single apple .
as they sat around eating the delicious apuhroo stew and drinking freshly made apple juice , much to reds disapproval as he was hoping for something with a little more kick , they discussed the tragic destruction of king urganoxs kingdom and whether or not thaddeus and the others had made it to lasticall safely .
hard ta believe da dark wizard destroyed da entire city , red said as he pushed the glass of apple juice aside .
one thing looked like a cross between broccoli and a carrot and the other thing looked something like an apple .
i gobbled up the broccoli - carrot stuff and the apple as well .
i thought about an experiment we did in school long ago where we would use an apple as a source of power to make these little digital clocks work .
oh , if you use a piece of fruit , an apple in our world , and stick some wires from it , then attach the wires to what you want to power up with electricity , it ll start up .
you have a fruit that looks like an apple , i added as i looked at aleesha .
it was the one that looked like an apple .
he asked , offering us each one of the juicy apple like fruit .
do you want a cheese stick or an apple ?
rianons fingertips touched her thumb behind his adams apple and she could have ripped out his throat if she wished to .
he dropped his passenger off on one of the two main streets of ballaghadaere , in front of a diner that advertised irish stew and apple barley pudding .
dressed in torn fabric , it offered the knight an apple , but was quickly swatted by lodbrok and forced back into hiding .
the fragrance of apples drifted along the soft breeze and he inhaled deeply , savoring the smell .
he d climb the trees in the orchard out back and eat apples while hidden in the branches , snickering when his nurse came outside and called his name over and over again until she gave up .
set the feast for one week from today , he told cook as the man personally delivered a plate of food to him , mounded high with meat and dumplings , along with a loaf of hot bread and sliced apples .
chapter three brothers 476th year of the celaka sanrev hid in the apple orchard , lying in wait for his brother to pass by .
his brooding ended a week later as he sat in the middle of the apple orchard , watching the stars come out as the light faded from the sky .
startled , shawna dropped her apple .
shawna forced herself to swallow the bite of apple shed been chewing on for the last minute .
she shoved a shimmering white apple into shawnas hands .
it looked like a white apple to shawna .
she looked at it and remembered the apple shed dropped while talking to tara .
his adams apple made the blade shift as he swallowed , then said , i never thought i could want anything as much as wanting to help you .
she took them through a little path in the sunflower field to a big , red barn house with a wrap - around porch and a tall apple tree stretching in the front yard .
the great creature , having space for many passengers , carried only one ; atop rode a little girl holding the reigns in one hand and eating an apple with the other .
i would like a glass of apple wine .
do we have any apple wine , aged hundreds of years ?
they attacked the human village of apple shire sir gaspar !
me and the handful of other prelates that smack around the big apples criminal element are just the junior varsity squad in the eyes of the people .
she walked past frank apple , one of the city 's richest investors , and the man actually stopped talking to the mayor , just to ogle henrietta 's way .
i remember helen , first demure in sparta and later standing forth in troy , proud as aphrodite with the golden apple in her hand .
there were honeyed apples eaten on the slopes of mount cronos , and a pigeon cooked over her own hearth stuffed with raisins and sesame seeds , and a blend of herbs she would nt describe .
chaeli inhaled deeply , and at once the smell of crackling and apple had her full attention .
chaeli could smell boar and apples , and her stomach sang happily to her , sounding more like a growl to the outside world .
so far , they had survived on an elderly rabbit that had needed hours of cooking to be edible and a handful of apples stolen from a farmers field .
dal grabbed an apple and bit into it absentmindedly .
the front door opened and acelle entered , carrying a basket of apples and moaning about the market crowds .
she dropped a basket and he helped pick up the apples , and the moment they saw one another they knew .
he moved into the power and a hint of apples caught his attention .
he tried to reach the apples , but each time he hit a wall .
he really fancied some apples .
holding up an apple , he bit into the fruit slowly , juices dribbling down his chin .
he tossed the apple core onto the sodden ashes and returned to his workshop where he moved several pieces on the chequered board .
there is a farmer at the next town whose apple trees are being stripped of their bark by a herd of deer .
it is to water the trees that grow the apples , edred told him .
breakfast or a meal of some kind had been set out for him , the bread and apple already cut so that it was nt necessary to leave him a knife .
his opponent answered one question and inspired several others by lunging at him , quickly and suddenly , like a thieving child snatching an apple off a vendors cart .
1.find a sword , an apple , and a bobby pin .
3.using the sword , cut a slice of apple .
after finishing , go back to the apple .
6.on the apple , you will see tiny green spots starting to appear .
take the apple away from the mouse hole .
chapter 22 phillip found an apple in one of holly 's packs .
what if it 's the sword that makes the apple get the spots ?
` ` it 's not possible that the sword makes the apple get the blisters . ''
` ` thank goodness arachne was stupid enough not to search us , '' i said as she cut the apple slice .
stephanie put the apple slice by the mouse hole .
i sat next to the apple , waiting to see when the blisters would grow .
` ` watching the apple , '' i said .
now let 's go get the apple . ''
at the mouse hole , we were intently examining the apple .
` ` ugh , '' said mallory , taking the apple from the mouse hole .
the orange goo on the apple began to slither off .
the orange goo from the apple was sliding down the left hallway .
see , all my minions are born from apples .
if you place an apple slice by one , an elf grows and rushes off to find me .
here good , sir , have some more ale and a bite to eat , he said as he pushed the apple pie closer and filled elijahs mug from the pitcher , ending the trance like moment .
elijah grasped a piece of pie in his thin bony hands and took a bite , it tasted of cinnamon and stewed apple , deliciously fresh .
the folds of the sacks fell to reveal an abundance of freshly baked bread , pears , apples and bags of dried fruit and nuts .
just for a couple more hours , she said , went to the kitchen for an apple , and then sat next to me on the couch .
thyzil took a bite out of an apple and said , me too .
he produced an apple from the folds of his habit and offered it to bulkington .
bulkington boggled and put the apple in his pocket .
now be a good chap and eat your apple ; you set off this afternoon .
he put his hands in his cassock pockets and found the apple still there from when the abbot had given it to him .
he swallowed the last of the apple and walked over to the toad .
` ` it is like apple , only sweeter and more delicious .
he had eaten the apple .
where to find her : blog facebook goodreads twitter pinterest tumblr sign up for elisabeths mailing list other works by elisabeth wheatley argetallam saga the key of amatahns the secrets of the vanmars the chalice of malvron and the temple of tarkoth coming soon discordia short stories from the golden apple of discord book i of the discord trilogy copyright lauren hodge 2014 first edition by createspace lauren hodge has asserted her right under the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work .
as we crossed a small brook stepping on stones that served as a bridge , i noticed a raccoon kneeling alongside the brook and washing an apple .
a large statue of a partially eaten apple stands alone in the middle of a city block .
this statue marks the location of atro citys only apple store .
in front of the statue is a large towering glass staircase that leads customers underground to the large apple store showroom and a seemingly endless supply of hip geniuses wearing apple t - shirts .
in front of the statue is a large towering glass staircase that leads customers underground to the large apple store showroom and a seemingly endless supply of hip geniuses wearing apple t - shirts .
however hidden behind the apple statue is an entrance that is restricted to the public .
this is metaphysical mans secret entrance to his underground layer , which resides even deeper underground beneath the apple store showroom .
the apple trees were very fine and the late evening sun was pleasant , without being too hot .
this troll towered over lars , the apple trees and even the great beer hall itself .
i noticed her when she stole an apple in magnin the other day .
yesterdays issue of the apple daily flutters by his side .
the other books will remain haphazardly sprawled on the bed , the bed sheet will remain wrinkled , the porcelain plate with unfinished food will remain at one corner and the half - eaten apple on the bedside table will remain just that , a half - eaten apple .
the other books will remain haphazardly sprawled on the bed , the bed sheet will remain wrinkled , the porcelain plate with unfinished food will remain at one corner and the half - eaten apple on the bedside table will remain just that , a half - eaten apple .
ok , hot chocolate with a muffin , cookies and a slice of apple pie .
its not my fault she makes such good apple pie with strawberry sauce and double cream !
then a giggly blonde came up to me , balancing a slice of apple pie on a paper plate .
i like apple pie , i smiled , and she giggled .
maybe i can get another slice of apple pie .
cindy blushed , saying i made all the cupcakes , and the apple pie .
well , can i have another slice of apple pie please ?
cindy served me my apple pie and ron his slice of cake , saying see you at school tomorrow .
i said desperately , thinking of cindys glorious apple pie .
i just wanted her apple pie , not joking .
i think you should try to extend an apple branch to him .
i guess the apple does n't fall too far from the tree .
that was why , when she first saw yern kobold hawking his shiny red apples and cloth - covered pails of sweet - smelling cream for he was one of the few farmers who , in spite of the miners rancour , did his best to offer them a fair deal on decent goods yenka had vowed to become his wife , even though her father had already been approached by suitors hankering after his resplendent youngest daughter .
this often made him feel lonely , and squatting near the edge of their island he d make short - lived dreams of his own , in which he joined his ghostly mates in worlds of bright green fields and sunshine , amongst colourful birds and trees laden with apples red like rubies , and then they d all sit around a great big table and eat , oh dear gods , food , endless in abundance and variety instead of which he had to make do , like every other child of ienar lin , with the wilted , bland vegetables that his mother grew in their garden and with the occasional of stale bread and petrified cheese peddled by the boatmen , and which tasted more punishment than nourishment .
and all yern could do now was hope , pray that yenka and yofana , the love of his life and the apple of his eye , had perished from the smoke before they had time to feel the excruciating pain of being burned alive .
and the next morning the villagers , braced for yet another day of starving , were confronted by a scene right out of their collective dreams : the olive tree , grown overnight to an amazing height and robustness , was laden with fruit and not just olives but dates as well , and almonds , peaches , apples , pears and coconuts ; and from the soil around the tree , bare as bone until the night before but now thick with bright green clover , shot the sprouts of beans and onions , garlics and turnips , carrot leaves and heads of dew - beaded lettuce .
it was the sign they d been waiting for ; within a moment , screaming with joy or sobbing with gratitude , the skeletal women , men and children fell upon the magical tree and its bounty like a swarm of locusts , wolfing down whole apples , devouring oranges complete with their bitter , moist peel , and swallowing apricot pits as if their stomachs were the seed - hungry earth , while others , down on all fours like grazing cattle , pulled pungent onions and blood - fleshed beets and gobbled them up still caked in soil .
but when he grasped and pulled , expecting the load to be no heavier to him than that of an apple , the stone did nt budge , making him fall back hard on the floor of the hut .
~~~~~ anne touched her daughters warm , sticky hands , the soft scent of apple cider and peanut butter gently caressing her raw nerves .
ripe and juicy apples were served , red and green , surprisingly filling to their empty stomachs .
one sporting a blue splotchy coat extended its snout to determine whether daelin had any apples or carrots .
amazon kindle : order now apple itunes ibook : order now barnes & noble nook : order now smashwords ( online reading , kindle , epub , pdf , rtf , lrf , palm doc ( pdb ) , plain text formats ) : order now also available in trade paperback format !
when you 're eating a piece of sallie 's apple pie , you 're eating god 's love , for that 's what she puts in all her pies , you know . ''
her father pointed out lemons , avocados , sour apples , reddened grapefruit and different kinds of walnuts , pecans and almonds hanging from the wispy looking branches .
as they came around a cart , spilled over with half - eaten apples , they heard a whisper .
he had been in the orchard ; he d been intending to borrow a few apples .
she had one black velvet gloved hand over the bergers mouth , the other holding her blade against his adams apple .
i still ca nt understand why the berger of trest intended to execute you , when your crime at worst , seemed to be stealing apples .
now were ready to face thrax , i find it reassuring that your magical abilities extend beyond juggling apples and pulling flowers from your sleeve .
entry 39 : bruised apples erin arrived back at the inn just as the sun was starting to set .
the sight of kota scurrying around her , dusting off apples and picking up bags while trying so hard not to get in the way , only annoyed her more .
they both turned at the pattering sound of now severely bruised apples hitting the ground .
at the moment he was still running the apples under the water , staring at them with a quiet intensity that suggested he was thinking about something else entirely .
he turned off the water and put the apples off to the side where they could dry .
i put them under the basket of apples on your desk .
got them for free on my ride back to the city , and i know how much you love apples .
we all smiled and rushed over to the kitchen as we sat down , four glasses of apple cider appeared before us .
i knocked on the front door with a bottle of apple cider in my hand .
something not nearly as clever as it had sounded a second ago in his head tumbled out , and probably it was one of those things on the unspoken list of what never to say to a girl , not ever , not even if she asks , but lily really was a saint , because she laughed as he tried to nonchalantly duck into the bathroom to die in embarrassment , calling , well , if your butt was a juice box , i think it d be apple .
but apple juice ?
he s just a human hopped up on magic apples , though .
squeezing his hand , lily ordered something that sounded like it had apple juice in it with a smile and a pointed lookhey , wow , she was trying to make him feel better , the saint .
when was the last time you took apples from idunn ?
a large apple tree grew in the north - eastern corner ; its unpicked fruit lay strewn on the ground in rotting heaps .
the southlake house , mathias stated , moving to the gate , his heavy boots squashing a couple of apples as he went .
turning , he spied a curly haired , young lord holding the note , whilst his adam 's apple quivered in his throat like an olive that refused to be swallowed .
the girl , james and elly stood under an apple tree some distance away , watching from the shadows .
` ` well , when the cute one has an adam 's apple , that 's enough to throw anyone off their game . ''
looking closer , what he thought at first glance was an apple appeared to be silver in colour .
his face was round like an apple with bright red cheeks .
they marched after him as he made for the horses near an apple tree .
that would have been comparing an apple seed to the apple itself .
that would have been comparing an apple seed to the apple itself .
thankfully , joseph had made an incredible dessert of apple and raspberry pie , topped with lashings of cinnamon sugar .
in the big apple .
a for apple .
my name is candy apple red .
who bucks up to lose their apples ?
pi , like apple pie without an e. it spelled itself in his head pi and he never saw words in his head , so that was wrong and bad , but he still wanted to stick it to her so he did nt say nothing .
bad news , apple cheeks , there ai nt nothing here .
candy red apple ?
when i came in , he gave me a fat mamey apple seed that filled my whole hand .
he was polishing a round table of dark , fragrant mahogany , by rubbing it with a mamey apple seed just like mine .
so i threw down the mamey apple seed and ran out of that work - hut , and i never again thought of the path of the craftsman as my own .
it was then that i reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple , a plump fruit , and i said , we have several custard apple trees in our orchards , these are late fruits but tasty , anyway .
it was then that i reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple , a plump fruit , and i said , we have several custard apple trees in our orchards , these are late fruits but tasty , anyway .
i fingered the candy apple red hair that used to be the color of chocolate .
i remember you used to like these he said as he held out a large bright red apple .
i stared at it and tried to remember what it would taste like ; i remembered that i used to eat apples , but it seemed like a different life .
i took the apple from his hand .
nothing had ever tasted as good as that apple .
ella could hear leona muttering under her breath , complaining about her dislike of blackberries and her desire to buy an apple .
if you think those guards are going to let us go and give us our gear , then you re a few apples short of a pie .
i suppose one could say that its like earth before the rebellionbefore a certain someone bit the apple , so to speak .
please close your eyes , and try to keep your adams apple from bobbing up and down so much .
in the common room , nyasha found bread , stale but still edible ; a wrinkled apple from the last harvest ; and a chunk of strong cheese .
she rolled the wrinkled apple in her fingers , making it dance , then took a hearty bite .
nyasha swallowed her bite and took another , then gestured at the womans missing limbs with her half - eaten apple .
she nodded decisively and took another bite of her apple .
nyasha nibbled the last of the flesh around the apple core as she walked back to dr . randles suite .
the patch of grass you see there mr . dixit , yes , the one underneath the apple tree , it is the place where vivek govinka , that famous bollywood director , sat and wrote the script of his first movie when he used to be a student here , he revealed with much pride .
it is .. for my sister , i swear , replied the boy , somewhat exasperated as he pinched his adams apple to stress upon the veracity of his words .
the room smelled like parchment and old fabric , with the mellow aroma of cinnamon and apple from the tea .
some had savory onions and goat cheese , another with apples , and a third with mushrooms and spinach .
the young man proffered the apple cakes to balien , holding the onion and cheese furthest away from the prince .
balien met the boys eyes , recognizing him from the kitchens , and put a hand over the apple cakes .
miranda took an apple cake and rose a little in her seat .
the young serving boy entered with a tray of cakes , and again he pulled the onion and cheese back to offer them the apple or mushroom .
i ve some berries and apples as well .
you can have eggs and apples .
when the eggs finished boiling , she took him a few and handed him a clean apple .
she roasted them beside the fire and pulled out a bag of apples she gathered during the day .
something to do with apples i spose .
i like apples , specially the big juicy red ones .
now he was offering me a chance to live forever , yet i could n't help feeling a bit like adam pondering the outstretched apple .
` ` indeed , when i was still a man , it was easier to believe in forbidden apples and a serpent in the garden as a means to explain man 's mortality than to believe our entire existence was random chance .
take the apple , my embryonic children .
dessert alternates between blackened banana and rotting apple .
they take salvaged food to last three estimated days in the handy form of big tightly compressed balls of hash that max calls elephant balls , seasoned with rotten banana and apple and chunks of the moldy chocolate the girl seymour used to call gentille continues smuggling through to him .
he has shares in apple too , does nt mean that ipods are powered by bloody warlock blood , snapped malaki .
she grabbed an apple from a table near the door and bit into it , holding it with her mouth as she unlimbered her personal sword .
said jesca again , shaking her head and finishing her apple in large , angry bites .
small pieces of apple stuck to her tunic and juice made her face shine .
clive had passed her an apple as they started their brisk journey and she devoured it , earnestly .
the vine encircled a plump apple .
revenge was like eating a whole apple crumble .
he creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees .
he creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees .
he hugged and then kissed her before returning to the kitchen counter where he was slicing an apple .
samuel pushed anxiously just before taking a bite of apple .
i disagree , one of the mages said , her eyes almost golden , her hair an apple red .
of course to him it was like choosing the least putrid apples in a basket of very rotten fruit .
joe took another enormous bite out of something that looked like an apple , and purple juice sprayed all over his face and shirt .
the queen called out to the crowd of assembled revelers , as she held a glass of sparkling apple juice .
i swallow harshly , my adam 's apple pressing tight against the collar of my uniform .
i would have liked an apple pie and a dumpling stew , but this will do , she manages .
i do n't think that you do , said anea carefully , try thinking of it in terms of fruit ; once you cut open an apple , you ca n't put it back together again .
the dried apple slices went down quickly , but she lingered on the cheese curd and sipped from her wine skin .
their evening meal consisted of more rabbit stew , honey biscuits , raspberries and dried apples .
everyone had gone to tend the nearby apple orchards .
she poured herself a glass of aged apple cider from the pitcher .
the guy who brought his meal trays smelled like green apples .
she was reclining in an adirondack chair , the ground around her strewn with fall leaves and squashed crab apples .
the air smelled aggressively of fall , like fresh macintosh apples and campfires dialed up to eleven .
mike took an apple out of his bag and placed it in front of him , still with that same deliberate slowness .
ill just have to get it out of jay , he said , playing with his apple and turning to his friend .
while she and jay bickered , mike just looked at them , still holding his apple in two hands .
these were obviously taverns , as evinced by their signs and the smell of ale and sounds of revelry coming from them , and in various parts of the square were stalls selling chestnuts , savoury and sweet pastries , pies , toffee apples and other candied fruits as well as hot drinks .
after this , there were chunks of local cheeses with butter and more fresh bread , and of course , wine or ale , and finally the meal concluded with a dessert made with apples and sweet pastry , and a variety of other sweetmeats .
the girl had begged some of last autumns now wizened apples for the horse .
she fed him one of the apples and then turned to ask for the bridle from davrael , who was holding it .
vegetation unchecked grew wildly now in the strangest of places thorny red roses popping out from the front seat of a yellow ford mustang convertible , an apple tree growing out in the middle of a back yard hot tub , sunflowers drooping over a port - a - potty in front of a half - constructed cottage .
he ate bitter grapes and apples and drank wine as his men carried his seat to the crowning area .
interesting , melanie said as she grabbed an apple then walked out of the kitchen .
we have apple juice , orange juice and milk which do you want ?
oh ill take apple .
filled one with apple and the other with orange juice .
clarissa finished her bagel , then sipped some more of her apple juice .
clarissa took another sip of apple juice then blinked a few times , oh ..
she took another sip of apple juice then encouraged him to continue talking .
i also packed us some potato chips and apple juice .
he grabbed an apple out of his back pack and his literature book .
more , a treasure land where gold was as abundant as flowers and precious gems like apples for the picking .
the sweet - thing is juggling hat and coat , leaving without eating or snatching anything , not even an apple ... but lets face it : not a chick ... she had stayed over only once beforeonly the third girl ever to stay the night , none had repeated , none , except nowher name had that queer energy in it , as if bertha meant except now .
devouringall at once , the shock of roots becoming herself as root , turning without moving and being now all the breasts which she sees : twenty - someodd breasts , of all shapes and sizes , flitting through her mind in outside wordsboobs , teats , knockers , bags , bazooms , bazongas , apples , balloons , chubbies , cream - jugs , dugs , dumplings , melons , hooters , love tips , maracas , marshmallows , nuggets , wallopies , peaches , watermelons , upper - deck , milk - bottles , nubbies , oranges , diddies , gazongasmilky wayshuddering to a halt at milky way , for this was proper , proportionate : all these , together , cosmiclike shooting stars and flocks of asteroids and swirling planets around herself as eternal source ... so all came : each passing through her by becoming herher individuality their common body ... kissing her lips to become their lips , stroking her forearm to become their forearm , licking her clit to become their clit , hugging her to become their hug ... each and all one skindalores : a common thought ... dalores , a common word ... the only wordword unto deafness , for she can no longer hear her word , no longer sense her nose , no longer wiggle her toes , no longer lay down and spread her legs frankyoure ever so thoughtful .
danced without music ... continued dancing as pat stacked several long - playing plattersa dancing which began to make the room twirl and swish about , a dancing which became like a river flowing , each woman being lifted up like a beached log when the swelling spring floods came ... startlingly swift , all - at - once , world changing common bonddancing and in the dancing the threes assembled , came together , began to dissemble , disrobe , reassemble through glances and looks and touches ... wisps of hair whispering , yearning of thighs flaming , moons of breasts bobbing like apples in a dip ... dip up and down and in and out they did : thumping music , calming music , quickening musictill each threesome became a sound : humming , singing , breathing a sound , finding the common breath , the common tone , vibratingvibrating and tuning - in , turning on , embracing , rolling on the carpet , frolicking , fondling , kissing , licking , suckingan ensemble of lust and desire and craving and madness ... two finding themselves as lovers , focusing upon each other , pleasuring and desiring to fuck and penetrate and commune and eat the otherbut it was the third ... and each in time became a third ... who stood as faithful witness : as sentinel , as servant , working the bodies of both ... intending and working , rubbing the bodies together ... her imagining child labor : cooking em , drawing the fire from their eyes , the bone crunching from their grapplings , the broth from their wet fluid couplings ... taking and imagining them beyond their play as male and femalefor it was common to their discipline at this point to accept and actually relish the switching of roles , no longer embarrassed to claim the male within ... no longer mute upon their craving for their clits to become cocks ... no longer hesitant to be fierce , i wan na fuck you !
here , have an apple !
a quick swing by momma - gs will hopefully help us sort through what s upset momma - cs apple cart g - mom said before calling command and requesting a transport to momma - gs location .
see my apple cores , pear cores and yogurt cups and cotwell , i ve been eatin right and sleepin just like i m supposed to .
and i could nt let that happennot to my mommy and really not to my daddy she said , stopping long enough to drink some apple juice .
` ` i do n't know ... . '' he thought for a while , ` ` apples maybe ... ah ... strawberries ... '' ` ` durian ... .. '' she laughed again .
i will make sure to study each proposal and make sure they are reasonable , before i compare apples to apples and then award the contract . ''
i will make sure to study each proposal and make sure they are reasonable , before i compare apples to apples and then award the contract . ''
they should have rules for this sort of thing , she muttered under her breath as she picked up an apple and squash .
she dropped her protective shield of a couple apples and a green striped squash back to the upset earth and raised her left hand up and stretching her arm out almost straight in front of her .
herocles smiled wickedly at her , took up the reddest apple , brought it to his mouth , and then he bit before strolling away .
he pressed out her lashes , applied blush to the non - existent apples of her round cheeks , and made her pucker over a piece of tissue paper .
its called the apple .
doorways and porches of houses carved into the massive wall opened out into the sky gregorys new home , the apple , was one of them .
johanna had brought him up here yesterday , when he had complained of boredom ; the view had taken his breath away then too : to the north and beyond lay a bright green valley , where the spire reached for the sky , but he was higher than its highest point ; to the west and he saw the two small towns he had seen from the balcony of the apple , and the incredibly beautiful , misty valley in which they lay ; and to the south - east , he had seen the eyrie , the triangle - shaped township of domremys richest and most important ; and beyond , a plain of meadows and woods that sloped gently down .
the headmistress chucks an apple at a student at the back , who catches it .
chapter 11.1 a letter from pencier to gregory grey , c / o commander of the thrones watch , magus quincy appleby the apple , high town , the west wing , domremy city july 19th 1909 .
sensing gregory did nt want to talk , they made breakfast , something that had become a shared morning ritual at the apple .
quincy apple surrendered to the silent plea in his daughters eyes .
chapter 12.2 letter from mixer gregory grey , c / o commander of the thrones watch , magus quincy appleby the apple , high town , the west wing , domremy city august 6th , 1909 .
she thought she had heard him say white apple .
do nt worry , gregory said , and then , feeling a little reckless , you ll always be the real apple of my eye .
curiously , it was the earlier mention of apples that had let the back of his mind down this particular tangent he could almost remember where he had heard brightapple mentioned before .
chapter 17.1 letter from director lawrence gregory grey , c / o commander of the thrones watch , magus quincy appleby the apple , high town , the west wing , domremy city august 14th 1909 .
to his surprise , oakroot hamlet lay in the valley that the apple overlooked .
chapter 19 bonding over burglary minutes before midnight , only a few hours after gregory had left the mushroom and returned to the apple , he lay in his bed , fully dressed underneath the covers , leg shaking in anticipation .
if he ever needed to be alone , or even if he needed to go somewhere to make noise that was nt appropriate at the apple yes , the mushroom had potential .
he remembered thinking he never got to eat his apple crumble .
it felt like a claw digging into his adam 's apple .
the vine encircled the image of an apple .
revenge was like eating a whole apple crumble , sumptuous at first , but left you sick .
you get more pleasure from one fresh apple than a rich man does from a basket of jewels .
would you like one of these apples ?
i could crush your throat and kill you in seconds , and no one would hear your screams , kosai whispered as he placed his finger tips on the young mans throat between the jugular and adams apple and squeezed .
surely wizard arana would take glee in the fact scott was a bad apple .
elma means apple in turkish language .
they have believed that the human soul takes form as an apple .
even today they take apples as present when they visit each other .
lovers hold out apples eachother to express their feelings .
the bosniaks give apples to newborn babies as a gift .
but let me just say that elmas soul does nt smell like an apple at all , it smells like an onion .
would you like an apple ?
zgon asked her , and pulls two little apples out of his pocket , which one do you want ?
diferanz , diferanz , he repeats and grins nastily at this point , swings the apples up and down : are you really a bergsonist ?
there is a difference between these apples .
elma devours an apple as soon as grabbing it , terrible !
two apples on his hands difference , the difference he said , your minds tell you : it does nt matter , those two apples are almost the same .
two apples on his hands difference , the difference he said , your minds tell you : it does nt matter , those two apples are almost the same .
it is the first time elma has been amazing so much since the gezi park actions , because of the woman , zehra , grins as if she is an apple that is given as a gift to elma .
fehima is still peeling an apple by using her knife with yellow plastic haft .
fehima does nt get the sawdust out of mouth , but out of the apple peels .
elma pushes the limits of bosniaks morals in her lady mood , estimates the time when she will get a beating , and now she has an eye on a green apple .
an apple drops to the stage .
cemo gets so angry that if he finds an apple hell bite into it immediately , now raises his hands again , turns his face to elma , closes the eyes and he says in bosnian : fuck your mothers grave !
maybe fehima is still peeling some apples off in her flat in galata !
some apples are rolling from hands of fairies .
because there is an apple in my hand , is very sour , very much .
one more apple on the ground , not one , they are three , four bergson had distinguished apples .
one more apple on the ground , not one , they are three , four bergson had distinguished apples .
why does an apple differ from the other apple qualitatively ?
why does an apple differ from the other apple qualitatively ?
one serb puts an apple into the mouth of a dead pig .
and the other apple wounds gregor samsa !
to wound the stomach of a huge bug by apple to separate an apple intuitively ...
to wound the stomach of a huge bug by apple to separate an apple intuitively ...
the apple is not another , it is samsas father apple , it is the one apple wounding a bug !
the apple is not another , it is samsas father apple , it is the one apple wounding a bug !
just as the apple in my hand .
she now is hailing down on me with apples .
she throws apples at me again , which rebounded from me .
he pulled out an apple core from one , orange peel from another , a notebook , a leaking pen , a badge saying vote thatcher , a set of matching cocktail umbrellas , a matchbook , a yo - yo , and what appeared to be a small , desiccated mouse .
and whatever you do , tome said , dropping an apple peel , three chocolate bar wrappers and an expired coupon for a free salsa lesson .
were immediately greeted by the smell of apple pie .
my mom always made apple pie whenever she delivers bad news .
we have to move again , want some apple pie ?
grandmas dead , want some apple pie ?
doctor says you have to get your tonsils out , want some apple pie ?
i throw my bag down on the chair and my mom comes out of the kitchen with an apron and apple pie slices in her hand .
he bit me like he was biting into an apple , sharp , but the pain floated away , and when he began to suck at the wound , it was like he had a thin , red thread from my fingertip to my groin .
galen whispered , ` ` i smell apple blossoms . ''
the scent of plants was mingling so that i could smell galen 's apple blossoms , doyle 's scent of autumn oak leaves and deep forest , and rhys 's sweet , cloying lily of the valley .
` ` apple crates and camera angles , '' rhys said .
kitto did n't ask what he meant by apple crates , which meant that they 'd already had a talk about shorter actors standing on things to look taller for the camera .
the wind smelled of apple blossoms and roses - sweet and clean and good .
blossoms spilled out , white and pink , and the scent of apples was thick and sweet .
the sweet scent of apple blossoms filled the air , and that sense of peace that could come when you worshipped filled me .
i smelled apple blossoms again , and i turned toward the scent .
he swallowed , and his throat looked almost too thin to hold the bobbing of his adam 's apple .
he had been the apple of her eye , the song in her heart , the most precious thing in her world for longer than this country had existed , and now she wanted a child that valued others above themselves .
` ` do you smell apple blossoms ? ''
` ` apple blossoms for me . ''
the stocky old soldier had been peeling away the wrinkled skin of a winter - stores apple with his dagger , and he flipped a corner of his scarlet and azure cloak over it until the dust settled .
he ate a wrinkled stripe of apple skin .
but he smells winter apples in the wagons and thinks he should get a barrel .
and then i can either give him more food or stand clear of those apples . ''
he had just enough money to purchase a couple of heavy wildfowl drumsticks , a loaf of sweetbread , and a flagon of apple cider .
the crows - eaten apple orchards did n't have anything to do with it . ''
` ` send him some apples .
the late - night crowd was entertained with ` ` rum and coca - cola , '' ` ` boogie - woogie bugle boy , '' and ` ` do n't sit under the apple tree . ''
the detective 's adam 's apple worked as he gulped down the brandy .
there were all sorts of fruit in the orchard , jack , cherries and oranges and apples and persimmons and plums - every conceivable variety all filling god 's vast cornucopia .
a tall , black - haired woman stood at the railing beside her , polishing a bright red apple on the chest of her toga .
she set the remaining apple upon the railing .
as she neared lenk , she rubbed the apple against her breeches and gave it a quick toss .
lenk 's voice , he thought , was a dull and unenthusiastic brick hurled through a pleasant stained - glass window depicting a rather tasteful scene of curvaceous nude women and apple trees .
her skin was the colour of a crisp apple ... or a week - old corpse .
the pie - it was an apple pie - had been bought in a store and oven - warmed , and was very , very good .
and along with the milk , the children as they grew drank essie 's tales : of the knockers and the blue - caps who live down the mines ; of the bucca , the trickiest spirit of the land , much more dangerous than the redheaded , snub - nosed piskies , for whom the first fish of the catch was always left upon the shingle , and for whom a fresh - baked loaf of bread was left in the field , at reaping time , to ensure a fine harvest ; she told them of the apple - tree men - old apple trees who talked when they had a mind , and who needed to be placated with the first cider of the crop , which was poured onto their roots as the year turned , if they were to give you a fine crop for the next year .
and along with the milk , the children as they grew drank essie 's tales : of the knockers and the blue - caps who live down the mines ; of the bucca , the trickiest spirit of the land , much more dangerous than the redheaded , snub - nosed piskies , for whom the first fish of the catch was always left upon the shingle , and for whom a fresh - baked loaf of bread was left in the field , at reaping time , to ensure a fine harvest ; she told them of the apple - tree men - old apple trees who talked when they had a mind , and who needed to be placated with the first cider of the crop , which was poured onto their roots as the year turned , if they were to give you a fine crop for the next year .
the widow richardson was left the farm to manage until richardson 's two children were of age : she managed the indentured servants and the slaves , and brought in the tobacco crop , year in , year out ; she poured cider on the roots of the apple trees on new year 's eve , and placed a loaf of new - baked bread in the fields at harvest time , and she always left a saucer of milk at the back door .
phyllida 's children would come to essie for tales , and she would tell them of the black dog of the moors , and of raw - head and bloody - bones , or the apple tree man , but they were not interested ; they only wanted tales of jack - jack up the beanstalk , or jack giant - killer , or jack and his cat and the king .
the woman behind the desk opens a drawer and takes out a brown paper bag , from which she removes several sandwiches , an apple , and a milky way .
as shadow had zipped mrs . goodchild away , the old man had been explaining how ungrateful his children had been , and grandchildren too , though that was n't their fault , that was their parents ' , the apple did n't fall far from the tree , and he thought he 'd raised them better than that .
the apple do n't fall far from the tree , he told anyone who would listen to him .
the apple do n't fall far from the tree .
he remembered that moment , and he treasured it , just as he remembered the sweetness of a cabbage heart , the tart taste of plums , the crunch of apples , the greasy delight of roasted fish .
he filled his shopping basket at dave 's finest food , doing what he thought of as a gas - station stop - milk , eggs , bread , apples , cheese , cookies .
oh , she said , and poured him coffee , she just wished that mr . ainsel could see the town in the summer or late in the spring , when the lilacs and the apple and the cherry blossoms were out , she thought there was nothing like it for beauty , nothing like it anywhere in the world .
whiskey jack and apple johnny .
the man at the table , apple johnny , stared at wednesday , then he reached down a hand to his crotch , cupped it and said , ` ` wrong again .
` ` it 's a soft apple cider , '' said john chapman .
the stew was delicious , and it was very good apple cider .
in real life chapman owned fourteen apple orchards .
stay me with flagons , comfort me with apples : for i am sick of love .
` ` i got everybody the same : a couple of burgers , large fries , large coke , and apple pie .
the fat kid bit into his single - person apple pie , and the filling spurted down his chin .
the last night had brought several creatures from the southwest , including two small boys each the size of an apple tree , and something that she had only glimpsed , but that had looked like a disembodied head the size of a vw bug .
we also had some apples .
` ` but tom could n't give it up , thought it would be his last time , i guess , and a hitchhiker , they 're just like apples falling into your lap . ''
a low wall encircled the district around the watch - tower , soft and crumbling and very old , unattended ; inside the streets were much quieter ; only a handful of coffeehouses owned by greeks or italians still lit , small handfuls of men at tables talking in low voices over cups of the sweet - smelling apple tea , and here and there a devoted hookah - smoker gazing out upon the street while the fragrant steam emitted in slow , thin trails from between his lips .
lee had added an apple to his menu and hoisted himself up so he sat on the counter .
he took a giant bite into the apple , and i wondered if having fangs made that harder at all .
lee did n't seem to think much of it and kept chewing his apple , though i could feel his eyes studying me .
he set the apple core aside .
the branches of the apple tree out back sag under the rosy burdens .
try the green apple martini .
the officer behind the desk is young , with a too - prominent adam 's apple , a shock of straw - colored hair .
with the woodsman 's help , the first lord settled himself on the ground , his feet propped up on the stool , where he frowned at them in disapproval while gnawing an apple .
the prominent ball of kevin 's adam 's apple worked up and down .
high cheekbones that made him look like he 'd stored a couple of tight , small apples in them for the winter .
out of the paper bag jace drew some apples , a bar of fruit and nut chocolate , and a bottle of water .
he set to work on the apples , carving them into meticulous eighths .
the apple tasted green and cool .
he was peeling the second apple , the skin coming away in long curling strips .
he took a thoughtful bite of apple and said , ` ` i ' ve been thinking about him .
his fingers were slightly sticky with apple juice .
in between one step and another she saw a white spark struck off something on the floor : it was the knife jace had been using to cut apples , lying on its side .
she could feel the rapid beat of his heart , taste the sweetness of apples still on his mouth .
luke lifting her up to pull apples down from the trees near his farmhouse .
she could see his still - fading bruises , like the dark spots on the white flesh of an apple .
chance and i had faced off against a few bad apples in our time , practitioners used to getting their own way and not caring how they went about it .
trying not to think about chance , i unloaded the staples we 'd purchased : coffee , tea , sugar , instant milk , raisins , peanut butter , jelly , rice , bread , and a bag of apples .
they 'd go well with the apples i was slicing up .
i passed out the peanut butter sandwiches with apple slices , feeling like a third grade teacher .
i ate an apple and drank a cup of sweet coffee , liberally mixed with powdered milk .
she smelled luscious , cinnamon and candied apples with the richness of a caramel slightly burned , a sugar - sweet scent that made me step toward her , before chance grabbed my arm .
several crates of cabbages , apples , and tubers had been stacked neatly in the hall outside the only closed and guarded doorway .
the lyrics were something about hanging leo barnett from a sour - apple tree .
midnight they stopped at the red apple rest , a twenty - four - hour restaurant on route 17 .
` ` oh , the big apple . ''
above it is a mirror trimmed with a gold frame and the air smells like cinnamon and apples from the candles burning on the shelf in the corner .
i taste the blood on his lips , the foul darkness of death , but a flicker of something substantial is hidden deep inside him , like a seed in the center of an apple .
if you would have gone for too long ... done it too much ... '' his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows hard .
just like last time , the air smells like cinnamon and apples from the candles burning on the shelf in the corner .
his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he gulps .
when they start to clutter the place up , or if we just get the urge one lazy sunday afternoon , the pair of us make bombs out of apples , conkers - whatever we can find that 's hard and round - and launch them at the planes .
he ran into her fist with his adam 's apple instead and fell back , gagging .
they rolled back into kansas city in time for rush hour , which borden negotiated with ease - he would , she supposed , being from the big apple - and she realized by the time they 'd pulled into her apartment parking lot that she had barely said a word to him since entering the prison .
she saw his adam 's apple bob up and down convulsively , and he squeezed his eyes shut .
baseball , mom , apple pie , though come to think of it , i always preferred peach ... '' he was rattled , terribly off balance , and she imagined this was something of a new experience for him .
she found herself wondering what the skin of his throat tasted like , what sound he would make if she scraped her teeth and tongue lightly over that bobbing adam 's apple .
we had an apple and apricot orchard at the time .
her voice was deeper now as she slowly changed forms , more and more wriggling black worms coming out of her skin , bursting free of her face and neck like out of a rotten apple .
my dad was sitting on the couch watching his favorite saturday morning warner brothers cartoon like he always did , sipping a glass of apple juice .
a blush crept up on the apples of her cheeks , and she looked down at the floor with a grin .
he swallowed thickly , his adam 's apple bobbing , and said , ` ` angeline .
k ! sdra gulped involuntarily as the tip of the sword pricked a bead of blood from his adam 's apple .
for millions of years troll women had been naturally attracted to trolls built like a monolith with an apple on top .
' lovely apples , ' he said .
every established kitchen has one ancient knife , its handle worn thin , its blade curved like a banana , and so inexplicably sharp that reaching into the drawer at night is like bobbing for apples in a piranha tank .
the huge trays of roast meat , the pigs ' heads with apples in their mouths , the multi - layered trifles had long ago been carried upstairs .
the second is dumpy and bandy - legged with a face like an apple that 's been left for too long and an expression of near - terminal good nature .
and you can be a witch queen , although i think that means you have to wear rather revealing clothes and keep cats and give people poisoned apples .
at the moment she was making do with an apple .
the cook knew about apples .
so magrat had resorted to stealing a raw one from the apple loft .
and there 's stuff called scumble , they make it from apples and ... and damned if i know what else they put in it , except you dare n't pour it into metal mugs .
` ` urn ... '' ` ` smells like honey and horse apples to me .
shawn 's adam 's apple bobbed up and down as he considered this .
you expected him any moment to break into the kind of song that has suspicious rhymes and phrases like ' my kind of town ' and ' i wan na be a part of it ' in it ; the kind of song where people dance in the street and give the singer apples and join in and a dozen lowly matchgirls suddenly show amazing choreo - graphical ability and everyone acts like cheery lovable citizens instead of the murderous , evil - minded , self - centred individuals they suspect themselves to be .
glossy black apples hung from them .
there was an apple tree that was quite , quite different from the others .
the first apple was thrown seven seconds later .
death might not have been any good at grass ( black ) and apple trees ( gloss black on black ) , but all the depth of colour he had n't put elsewhere he 'd put in the fields .
but ... there was the thing in the apple tree .
' i could just fancy some apple pie , ' said the senior wrangler .
it was in an apple tree .
' cohen , ' he said , ' there 's an apple stall over there .
do you fancy an apple ? '
ghenghiz wants an apple .
in exchange for the apple .
he threw back his shoulders and walked over to the stall , where the apple merchant , who had been eyeing the group suspiciously , nodded at him .
then he said : ' ho , fat merchant , give me all your ... one apple ... and i will give you ... this coin ... ' he looked around .
' you want an apple , is that it ? '
said the apple merchant .
the apple merchant selected one .
cohen 's sword had been hidden in the wheelchair again but the merchant , in response to some buried acknowledgement , made sure it was a good apple .
i did leave him the money for the apple . '
' but i paid for the apple , ' said cohen , rather testily .
he once bought an apple . '
just to keep bad dreams at bay , she took a swig out of a bottle that smelled of apples and happy braindeath .
next thing she knew she 'd be making shortbread and apple pies as good as her mother 's , and then there 'd be no hope for her .
nanny ogg , her face red as her apples , seemed to give this some lengthy consideration .
it 's made from the finest apples , you know , ' she added .
' well , mainly apples . '
besides , nanny had one additional little talent , which was a mind like a buzzsaw behind a face like an elderly apple .
' well ... mainly apples . '
' it 's made from apples .
then fingers like a bunch of cheese straws clamped over the wizard 's mouth and an extremely sharp cutting edge pinked his adams apple and a damp voice right by his ear said , ' not a shound , or you ish a dead man . '
the man 's adam 's apple began to bob like a yoyo .
and there 's got to be something else to eat than apples . '
' that one , hmm , yes , could be scumble which , as you know , is made from apple.- , ' mainly apples , ' the dean volunteered .
how do you like them apples , huh ? '
' well , mainly apples -- ' said the dean .
' i shall wipe away a tear , 'cos what he 's gettin ' , see , is this little wooden toy and an apple . '
or apples or swedes . '
there would almost certainly be apples on the trees .
and they would be red , because everyone knew that apples were red .
' it 's an apple , ' she said .
' everyone knows apples are red . '
' i remembers you when you was little , i used to sit you on my knees , i often used to work for your ma- ' ' d'you like apples ? '
' would you be so good as to pass me the apple sauce tankard- ' there was a sound like coarse fabric ripping , somewhere in the air in front of the bursar , and a crash as something landed on top of the roast pig .
the apple that had been in the pig 's mouth was violently expelled and hit the bursar on the forehead .
' do you think ossie made a lot of apple pies ? '
colon had always thought that heroes had some special kind of clockwork that made them go out and die famously for god , country and apple pie , or whatever particular delicacy their mother made .
' are you tellin ' me ' , said ridcully , like a man with something on his mind , ' that you think when you eat an apple you 're helping it to ... ' he stopped .
' he sez , the great nunco invented the strawberry sackville for dame wendy sackville , and the famous chef imposo created the apple glazier for dame margyreen glazier , and your own father , charley , honoured dame janeen ormulu with the orange ormulu and tonight , charley , it 's your big chance . '
and then there was that trick he used to do with an apple to amaze the apprentices .
libertina ( goddess of the sea , apple pie , certain types of ice cream and short lengths of string ) , the lady ( do n't even ask ) , bibulous ( god of wine and things on sticks ) .
` ` and where 's my apple ? ''
` ` i 'd just started eating an apple , and i just rested it in the air ... and it 's gone ?
and an apple core came tumbling gently through the air .
your apple ate itself ? ''
eggs fried in their baskets , apples roasted on the greengrocers ' shelves .
did i ever have that much adam 's apple ?
with a wink at the others , downey selected an apple from the bowl in front of him , stealthily drew his arm back , and let fly with malicious accuracy .
the fork moved like a snake 's tongue , and skewered the apple out of the air .
then , eyes never leaving the print , he delicately brought the fork up to his mouth and took a bite out of the apple .
vimes could see his adam 's apple bob as it tried to hide .
nothing much happened for seven years , except that one of the apple trees in the smithy orchard grew perceptibly taller than the others and was frequently climbed by a small girl with brown hair , a gap in her front teeth , and the sort of features that promised to become , if not beautiful , then at least attractively interesting .
esk 's mother dropped a jug that had belonged to her grandmother and a whole box of apples in the loft turned out to be moldy .
they found esk sitting in a fork of the big apple tree .
the owl broke out of the forest and skimmed across the rooftops of the village , alighting in a shower of snow on the biggest apple tree in smith 's orchard .
she likes apples , too .
esk wandered out into the orchard and climbed up to her old place in the apple tree while from the house came her father 's shouts , her mother 's wails and long silent pauses which meant that granny weatherwax was speaking softly in what esk thought of as her ` ` just so '' voice .
gulta reappeared , nak*d , with an apple in his mouth .
his adam 's apple bobbed like a captive balloon .
but the worm of curiosity was chewing at the apple of her mind .
whole ecologies lived in the endless rooftops of the university , which by comparison made gormenghast look like a toolshed on a railway allotment ; birds sang in tiny jungles grown from apple pips and weed seeds , little frogs swam in the upper gutters , and a colony of ants were busily inventing an interesting and complex civilisation .
except for a few pieces of broken chalk , apple cores , some stamped - down grass , and , alas , a few chicken feathers , there was nothing at all to show that the teachers had ever been there .
last year tiffany had spent three carrots and an apple on half an hour of geology , although she 'd been refunded a carrot after explaining to the teacher that ' geology ' should n't be spelled on his sign as ` ` g olly g. '' he said that the chalk had been formed underwater millions of years before from tiny seashells .
the teacher ( wonders of the nattral wurld , one apple ) had n't gone into much detail .
she was a short fat lady with a cheerful face like an apple that had been stored too long ; all the wrinkles moved into different positions when she smiled .
she quickly smoothed the butter again and picked up the stamp she 'd made yesterday ; she 'd carved it carefully out of a piece of apple wood that mr . block , the carpenter , had given her .
things hung from the apple trees or were tied to posts all around the place .
i ' ve got a load of eggs , and those apples must n't be bruised , sir , and then there 's those jugs of- ' there were some bangs and crashes behind him , including the sploosh that a large crate of eggs makes when it hits a road .
down in the garden the apple - tree branches flayed in the wind , the dreamcatchers and curse- nets clashing and jangling ... ' see me , ' she said .
she found both of miss level was out in the wet garden in her nighties , sadly picking up bits of dreamcatcher and fallen apples .
' dropped an apple core ?
wullie , will ye stop tryin ' to grab them apples ! '
daft wullie was stuck out in the open where he 'd been trying to snag a fallen apple .
' i need her recipe for apple chutney .
* dimwell arrhythmic rhyming slang : various rhyming slangs are known , and have given the universe such terms as ' apples and pears ' ( stairs ) , ' rubbity - dub ' ( pub ) and ' busy bee ' ( general theory of relativity ) .
a piece about the size of an apple rose up , with smoke pouring out around it .
she disguised herself as a humble apple seller , or a fortune - teller .
how d'you like them poisoned apples , huh ? ''
nanny stood up and tried to look haughty , which is hard to do when you have a face like a happy apple .
suddenly , the room smelled of apples .
` ` the shape of heat on a road , the shape of the smell of apples . ''
she felt what it was like to be the breeze through green corn on a spring day , to ripen an apple , to make the salmon leap the rapids - the sensations came all at once and merged into one great big , glistening , golden - yellow feeling of summer ... ... that grew hotter .
black apples gleamed among the black leaves of a black apple tree .
black apples gleamed among the black leaves of a black apple tree .
now it suggested musk and maple syrup and other things that set mort 's adam 's apple bobbing like a rubber ball on an elastic band .
the chicken leg had n't gone far to fill the hole left by the absence of lunch , and she filched a couple of apples from a stall , making a mental note to have the chamberlain find out how much apples cost and send some money down to the stallholder .
the chicken leg had n't gone far to fill the hole left by the absence of lunch , and she filched a couple of apples from a stall , making a mental note to have the chamberlain find out how much apples cost and send some money down to the stallholder .
made from apples .
well , mainly apples . '
it tasted something like apples , something like autumn mornings , and quite a lot like the bottom of a logpile .
tastes like rotten apples .
at a time like this his hands automatically patted his pockets , and found nothing but half a bag of jelly babies , melted into a sticky mass , and an apple core .
only the frantic bobbing of his adam 's apple betrayed him .
on the centre table the complete carcass of a whole roast pig looked extremely annoyed at the fact that someone had killed it without waiting for it to finish its apple , and the model university made of butter was sinking gently into a pool of grease .
there 's a lot of spadework first , of course , but what clinches the whole thing is the sight of , say , a falling apple or a boiling kettle or the water slopping over the edge of the bath .
a male oak tree - he 'd have to look this up - a male oak tree just shed its pollen on the breeze and all the business with the acorns , unless it was oak apples , no , he was pretty sure it was acorns , took place somewhere else ... ' yes , my precious , ' he said .
if it did n't have an apple in its mouth and you could n't roast it , he did n't want to serve it .
it was one of the few sorrows of granny weatherwax 's life that , despite all her efforts , she 'd arrived at the peak of her career with a complexion like a rosy apple and all her teeth .
magrat gave an imploring look to nanny ogg , who was masticating an apple and studying the stage with the glare of a research scientist .
granny , feeling in some obscure way that they had scored a minor triumph over the purveyors of untruth and artifice , helped herself to an apple from the bag and began to take a fresh interest .
granny was quietly chewing the same bit of apple over and over again , her eyes never leaving the action .
his breakfast oatmeal had been served up too salty and roasted with an apple in it , and the cook had hysterics in the kitchen .
hogswatchnight is , traditionally , the one night of the disc 's long year when witches are expected to stay at home , and she 'd had an early night in the company of a bag of apples and a stone hotwater bottle .
granny weatherwax sat up in bed , lit a candle and reached for an apple .
she reduced the apple to its core and placed it carefully in the tray of the candlestick .
' apple , ' he repeated , waving the fruit in the air .
hwel gave the apple to tomjon , who accepted it gravely .
the two of them swivelled around to stare at tomjon , who nodded to them and proceeded to eat the apple .
you just peeled an apple , getting one length of peel , and threw the peel behind you ; it 'd land in the shape of his name .
she had a basket of apples under her arm .
' i am a harmless old seller of apples , ' she said , in a voice more appropriate for the opening of hostilities in a middle - range war .
' have an apple . '
' i said , ' said magrat , ' i ' ve come to sell my lovely apples .
he 'd been told not to let witches pass , but no - one had said anything about apple sellers .
she 'd said she was an apple seller and he was n't about to doubt a witch 's word .
' pass , apple seller , ' he said .
' would you like an apple ? '
not a witch , an apple seller an apple seller .
not a witch , an apple seller an apple seller .
the fact that several people had tried to buy apples from her was n't improving her temper .
' i should warn you , ' she said , ' i am not , as i may appear , a simple apple seller . '
' the last time we looked at him , he was eating an apple , ' she said .
but nanny ogg sat back and tipped another generous measure of apple brandy in her tea .
poisoned apples and suchlike . '
ptaclusp scribbled busily , his adam 's apple bobbing .
i was really looking forward to that apple . '
reet woke me up once or twice to say , do you want anything , but they had no apples .
he 'd bought some apples in there once , and there did n't appear to be anything about it that a dragon could possibly take offence at .
i smelled flowers , but it was neither roses nor apple blossoms .
chapter twenty - four we were n't sure if the vines and the tree would last , or if they would fade away like the apple tree had at the main house after maeve reed and i had had sex there .
morfyd tossed two apples to annwyl .
her brother fridmar , third born to the reinholdt , leaned casually against the doorway and ate an apple .
she would have perhaps been less annoyed if he had n't made that reply with bits of apple flying out of his mouth .
` ` look , woman '' -fridmar tossed his apple core onto her floor and dagmar gasped in outrage- '' that dragon outside demanded to see da , and da demanded to see you . ''
talaith held up an apple in front of briec , dangerously close to his nose .
she 'd brought him and his mares a basket of apples and stayed with them until violence finally ate .
and while vigholf built a smal pit fire and hunted down something to eat for dinner , rhona found an apple tree and was able to feed the horses .
talwyn asked , motioning down the table with her apple .
eibhear grabbed an apple from the bowl on the table , shaking his head as he bit into the fruit .
but what he now held in his hand did n't feel like an apple .
` ` and we both only want to be with one person , '' he paused , his adam 's apple dropping before continuing , ` ` and sparks .
he reached for a glistening red apple at the top of a tower of fruit , and ran his fingers over its speckled , crimson skin .
i shook my head in reply , and removed my gaze from his hands that continued to smooth over the apple .
john appeared pleased by this , tossing the apple between his hands .
he tossed the apple high , and with lightening speed , he grabbed a paring knife across the table and stabbed the apple as it fell .
he tossed the apple high , and with lightening speed , he grabbed a paring knife across the table and stabbed the apple as it fell .
` ` you see '' -he grasped the knife 's handle and ripped it from the interior of the apple ; juice burst from the white flesh- '' food is an indulgence , as is drink , sleep , and a couple other pleasures which can be discussed at a later time . ''
john cut a piece of the apple and removed it with the tip of the knife .
he moved the piece of apple on the tip of the knife to my mouth .
i opened my mouth tentatively , and allowed him to place the speared apple slice on the tip of my tongue .
the flavor of the apple played along the tip of my tongue before i began to chew it .
the revelation of this small piece of apple in my mouth redefined food as i 'd known it , leading me to believe i 'd consumed mass quantities of cardboard and packing popcorn as a mortal for twenty years .
as immortals , we do n't give into our physical urges as willingly and carelessly as mortals , and , as you can imagine from the overwhelming pleasure of a piece of apple in your mouth , the increased temptation of other indulgences as well . ''
` ` after that apple , '' his throaty voice dripped insidiously , ` ` ca n't you just imagine ... '' his thumb circled over my skin , and his eyes filled with the darkness of illicit intentions .
` ` it 's apple cider . ''
it was like taking the first bite of a dozen just picked sweetish - tartish apples .
i grabbed a few apples from the barrel and made my way down to a stable that was the horse equivalent of the corner office .
wil iam indulged the fil y , almost as much as he did me , so much so shed turned her nose up if someone had the audacity to offer her an apple with even the smal est of bruises .
she greeted me with a courtesy neigh , although she made it a point of looking inconvenienced that her sleep was interrupted by the offering of a mere three apples .
sorry to disturb your beauty sleep , your highness , i said , sliding an apple through the gate .
she took it begrudgingly , chomping at it like it was the least impressive apple shed ever tasted .
a flying apple hit him right in the nose , clearing his expression of everything that had just been there .
that was just a warning shot , or apple , cora yel ed , winding her arm back with the next one ready to launch .
come around that corner again and youl suffer the wrath of my speedbal , speed apple .
but the whole apple - doesn't - fall - far - from - the - tree thing had evil implications when it came to serial killers and their sons .
on the desk there was an apple laptop along with two textbooks , one on calculus and the other on ... advanced trigonometry ?
reilly hid a smile as veck stared with awe at the slice of apple pie her mother had put in front of him .
with the right push , she will tumble from the tree like a ripe apple . ''
eve squirted apple - scented soap into her palm and shot him a wry glance .
plus she took a bigger bite of the apple . ''
she was debating whether she should talk about the whole garden of eden , apple , satan incident so soon after meeting the pivotal figure in the tale , but time was short .
` ` do you know , '' she began , ` ` exactly how much of the eve and the apple story is true , and how much of it is n't ? ''
his detail crawled up from beneath his shirt , coming to rest over his adam 's apple .
reed settled onto a barstool and picked an apple from the fruit bowl .
` ` sweetheart , your name may be eve , but in this lusty tale , you play the apple .
he held up the half - eaten apple between them .
` ` then there are the apples . ''
` ` the apples ? ''
reed ran the bitten side of the apple from the hollow of her throat down to her cl**vage .
` ` apples , baby .
` ` watch out for the apples , babe . ''
eve picked up the apple and threw it at him .
chapter 7 alec caught the apple and crushed it into a juicy pulp with his fist .
he unclenched his fist , releasing the destroyed apple to thud to the bottom of the lined basket .
beware of the apples .
her only offense was being a temptation to cain ; the shining , delicious apple in his garden of demons and death .
she was his apple , his temptation .
there was something he could do for her from this distance , one way to ensure that she did n't fall into abel 's greedy hands like a ripe , juicy apple .
i stiffened at the comment and felt the blood rushing back to my apple cheeks .
i decided to make myself useful and relinquish some of the guilt i felt by making an apple pie for the men from scratch .
he scratched the back of his head , his adam 's apple pulsing in and out .
i followed , hiding myself behind jenn ( even though that was like trying to hide an apple behind a carrot ) until we stopped in front of his friends .
i noticed then that he was holding an apple in his hands .
he tossed the apple up in the air and caught it just as he jumped off the stage .
he smiled and took a huge bite of his apple .
he shrugged again , chomped on the apple and walked past me , sauntering up the aisle to where i was earlier .
a piece of apple shot out of his mouth and landed at my feet .
it still smelled like apple pie here , the one that perry managed to bake earlier .
i could n't even remember the last time i had homemade apple pie .
but apple pie did n't exist in my f**ked - up youth , and if it had , it was n't at the hands of my mother .
maybe this had nothing to do with apple pie at all .
` ` she 's shunned from the community , apparently for becoming a bad apple .
his eyes seemed frozen in a state of shock yet awash with some unreadable emotion , his adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed hard .
i could see his adam 's apple bob as he swallowed , worry in his eyes .
nobby 's adam 's apple bobbed nervously .
the shield was red and green ; there was a white chevron with five apples on it .
' er ... i think i ' ve got an ointment that might be - ' ' will it help with the apple ? '
' it shoved an apple in his mouth ? '
' in that case , ' said vimes , ' i suggest you take another apple and - ' ' er , excuse me , ' said carrot loudly , ' you 're mr maxilotte , are n't you ?
aboard the steamer fevre dream , mississippi river , july 1857 abner marsh cut a wedge of cheddar from the wheel on the table , positioned it carefully atop what remained of his apple pie , and forked them both up with a quick motion of his big red hand .
julian lifted its cover to reveal a plate of pan - fried chicken and greens , turnips and onions on the side , and a slice of apple pie topped with cheese .
marsh felt the lump of his adam 's apple against his skin .
` ` the healers said you had a bump the size of an apple on the back of your head . ''
then an apple core , from which she took a judicious nibble before wrinkling up her nose and tossing it into the stream .
he lifted an apple to his mouth and crunched into it .
the sky began to lighten as they passed the apple orchards , the beehives , and then the northern fields laid fallow for a season .
she was - ` ` kevin 's throat worked nervously , his prominent adam 's apple bobbing .
poisoned apples .
but something 's going on in sarne , there 's a rotten apple somewhere spoiling things .
i still had my teeth in the man 's hand , and tolliver had raised a heavy glass ornament shaped like an apple to bash in his head .
tolliver gently set the glass apple on a table by the kitchen doorway .
tolliver and i had edged away from paul , naturally , not wanting to be in the line of fire , but now i wondered if we should n't have kept hold of him , and possibly tolliver should have bashed him with the glass apple , just to be sure .
` ` i threw the glass apple and hit him . ''
the morgenstern house was pale brick with dark red shutters and doors , a yard that would be beautiful in the spring , and a curving doublewide driveway that already contained a few shining cars , including a pearly lexus , a dark red buick , a green navigator , and a candy - apple red mustang .
me and the big apple had that in common .
fanshawe stood rigid and pale , hands clasped behind his back , and swallowed ; his adam 's apple was prominent and bobbed visibly .
in the fall , a few brave souls sneak into the woods to harvest apples .
has he been able to pick this up from just that scraggly old apple tree in his backyard ?
the arrow skewers the apple in the pig 's mouth and pins it to the wall behind it .
of course , i was n't , i was shooting at that apple because i was so angry at being ignored .
i just lost my head , so i shot an apple out of their stupid roast pig 's mouth ! ''
each one is only the size of an apple , but packs tremendous power on contact .
she fills her pack , taking a few items from a variety of containers , crackers from a crate , a handful of apples from a burlap sack that hangs suspended from a rope off the side of a bin .
i ' m genuinely thinking of trying to re - create foxface 's trip up to the pyramid in hopes of finding a new means of destruction when my eyes light on the burlap bag of apples .
if only i could free the apples themselves .
i can see the first apple teetering when i let the third arrow go , catching the torn flap of burlap and ripping it from the bag .
but the apples must have set off enough mines , causing debris to activate the others .
they do n't know about the arrows and the apples .
the best i can do is to get him to eat a few bits of dried apple .
i rip it open at once and inside there 's a feast - fresh rolls , goat cheese , apples , and best of all , a tureen of that incredible lamb stew on wild rice .
we each have a roll , half an apple , and an egg - size serving of stew and rice .
he 's holding out half a roll spread with the creamy white stuff and topped with apple slices .
the strong fatty cheese tastes just like the kind prim makes , the apples are sweet and crunchy .
` ` we make a goat cheese and apple tart at the bakery , '' he says .
one apple , two rolls , and a blob of cheese the size of a plum wo n't last long .
the rolls and apples are untouched , but someone 's definitely picked away part of the cheese .
` ` oh , and i suppose the apples ate the cheese , '' i say .
i think of the moment i sent the arrow flying into the apple in the pig 's mouth when i was so enraged .
the only thing i leave in reserve is the squirrel and the apple .
i was shooting an apple out of their roast pig 's mouth .
toasting bread and cheese , coring apples , placing chestnuts in the fire to roast .
i breathe in the smell of snow - dampened leather and smoke and apples , the smell of all those wintry days we shared before the games .
we make up a game with the force field that surrounds the roof - one of us throws an apple into it and the other person has to catch it .
now i have a lumpy , jagged scar that ripples out over a space the size of an apple .
after the kiss that seals the union , the cheers , and a toast with apple cider , the fiddler strikes up a tune that turns every head from 12 .
he was holding a half - empty glass of something on the rocks , which might have been apple juice but probably had a lot more punch .
jam blushed , then fished out an apple , which he tossed to the floor awkwardly , then saluted again .
grummers likes his apples . ''
` ` i see , '' siris said as the horse crunched the apple .
after all , you ' ve been leading a pretty sedentary life - get up , eat a toast , read a book , watch some tv , get a sandwich across the street in the red apple for lunch , potter around in the garden a little , maybe go to the library or visit with helen and the hah f hey happen to be sitting out , eat upper , maybe sit on the porch and visit with mcgovern or lois chasse for awhile .
across the street , a bunch of kids who would soon be back in school came out of the red apple armed with candy bars and slurpies .
he had been sitting on the porch one evening when ralph came back from the red apple with some noodles and spaghetti sauce , had taken one look at his upstairs neighbor and made a tsk - tsk sound , shaking his head dolefully .
okay , ralph thought now as he watched the desultory mid - morning flow of customers in and out of the red apple across the street .
simple decisions - whether to heat up a frozen dinner for his evening meal or grab a sandwich at the red apple and go up to the picnic area by runway 3 , for example - had become difficult , almost agonizing .
he pretended to he examining the spider - plant which hung from the hook under the porch eave until she had reached what he deemed a safe distance , then crossed harris avenue to the red apple .
ralph turned farther , knocking a few more lipton boxes into the aisle , and looked through the red apple 's dirty show window .
what he saw drew a gasp from him , and it took him a space of seconds - five , maybe - to realize that the bloody , beaten woman staggering toward the red apple was helen deepneau .
she wove through the red apple 's little parking lot toward the door like a drunk , her one good eye seeming to see nothing ; it simply stared .
he led her carefully around the open door and into the red apple .
and it had been helen , of course , who had orchestrated the little party afterward , providing sandwiches from frank 's catering and soft drinks and beer from the red apple .
i ' m at the red apple store on harris avenue , with my neighbor from up the street .
ed peered past him at the police cars , at the crowd standing around the red apple ... and then he saw mcgovern .
besides , of course , being carried across harris avenue and the red apple parking lot on her staggering , bleeding mother 's hip ?
it turned into the red apple 's parking lot .
he shot a quick glance down the street , where one of the police cars was now backing out of the red apple lot and turning in their direction .
radio calls crackled louder as the police cruiser which had backed out of the red apple 's lot now glided up to the curb .
behind them , down at the store , ralph spotted two more men , these dressed in white pants and white short - sleeved shirts , coming out of the red apple .
ralph followed his gaze and saw a blue step - van parked at the curb half a block up harris avenue , on the red apple side of the street .
three little girls were playing hopscotch in the red apple 's parking lot across the street .
he turned to mcgovern and said , ` ` you know what was just about the first thing i thought of when i saw you in the red apple parking lot this afternoon ?
what you said after you took me behind the counter in the red apple and sat me down .
a fair ders of the minnesota institute for sleep amulet sold example of the latter was the magic eye , an all - purpose and inside through supermarket tabloids like the national enquirer no el these ewsue , the counter - girl at the red apple , bought o vi a presented it to him one afternoon .
would you like to have a cup of coffee and a piece of apple pie with me ?
the fragments of crust and apple filling on his tongue crawled with ( lucid ralph lucid ) light .
but as he stood there , looking across the street at two men coming out of the red apple with a six - pack apiece , he suddenly did know something , remembered something that drew a cold line up his back .
his stomach was fluttering lightly just below his adam 's apple and he was suddenly sure he was going to vomit .
ralph had a vivid but mercifully brief flash of memory : helen staggering toward the red apple , one eye puffed shut , her cheek lashed with beads of blood , carrying nat on one hip , the way a teenager might carry a textbook .
there was a lemon tootsie pop , still in its wrapper ; a crumpled advertising circular from the derry house of pizza ; a double - a battery ; a small empty carton that had once contained an apple pie from mcdonald 's ; his discount card from dave 's video stop , just four punches away from a free rental ( the card had been mia for ever two weeks and ralph had been sure it was lost ) ; a book of matches ; various scraps of tinfoil ... and a folded piece of lined blue paper .
continuing to take deep breaths and to think ( apple pear slice of lemon pie ) of food , ralph carefully snapped the , lens caps back on the binoculars .
` ` i saw two men coming out of a house up the street from the red apple store .
` ` get it out of the phone book , officer hagen , or just tell the responding officers to look for the yellow house with the pink trim half a block or so up from the red apple .
rosalie came limping out of the alley between the red apple and the true value hardware next door .
she darted back into the alley between the red apple and the hardware store an instant before a derry police cruiser turned the corner and floated slowly up the street .
the cruiser slowed to a crawl as it passed the red apple .
` ` for him charlie was just a tool , like a paring knife you 'd use to peel an apple with .
` ` this morning in the red apple store i heard that mrs . locher , my neighbor up the street , died in the night .
there 's a pay - phone outside the red apple he could have called from , plus one outside the liquor store .
except maybe that was wrong , because he had n't really been looking at mrs . locher 's house ; he had been pointed more in the direction of the red apple .
one of the things he would definitely leave out was how much the two guys he 'd seen coming out of mrs . locher 's house had looked like the aliens in the tabloids for sale at the red apple .
easier to watch the budweiser truck lumber into the red apple parking lot , pausing to give courtesy to the magazines incorporated van which had dropped off this week 's ration of tabloids , magazines , and paperbacks and was now leaving .
the mailman on the other side of the street had stopped again to watch them , and outside the red apple , karl , the guy who worked mornings , and sue , the young woman who worked afternoons , were gawking frankly across the street at them .
` ` speaking of bill , i stopped into the red apple on my way down here - that was before i got feeling sorry for myself and started to bawl my silly head off - and sue said you two had a big argument just a little while ago .
i stopped in the red apple for a snack and that 's when i heard you and bill had a fight .
` ` they 're bald , they 're very short , they wear white smock tops , and what they look like more than anything are the drawings of space aliens they sometimes have on the front pages of those tabloid newspapers they sell in the red apple .
ralph 's appetite had become uncertain , out more often than in , since his insomnia had really begun to bite , but today he ate heartily and chased lois 's spicy stir - fry with three glasses of apple cider ( hoping uneasily as he finished the last one that the rest of the day 's activities would n't take him too far from a toilet ) .
he found half a diet pepsi - flat but wet - in the back of the fridge , poured it into a plastic cup with a faded red apple logo on it , and took it outside .
he saw a young man of no more than twenty bopping along the other side of the street toward the red apple .
the auras of the little bald doctors swept over them for a moment , however , and ralph registered the taste and texture : the taste of sweet apples , the texture of light bark .
that shock of recognition , as deep and pleasant as an unexpected encounter with an old and valued friend , washed over him again , apples and bark ; memories of orchards he had walked through as a kid .
the taste of apples and the texture of dry bark was joined by some dark and unknown spice .
he 'd seen bopping into the red apple yesterday afternoon .
ralph kissed her and for a moment his head was filled with a pleasant jumble of sensory input : the taste of fresh honey , a texture like combed wool , and the smell of apples .
scent of apples , taste of honey , texture of wool ... but this time ralph 's delight in that mingled sensory input could not mask the deep disquiet he felt as lachesis turned him to the left and then walked with him toward the edge of the flat hospital roof .
carolyn and i used to go out there every fall to pick apples and buy cider until they sold out in the early eighties .
` ` i think i might have one cheese and one apple . ''
this house with its peaceful view had once housed the barrett family and their apple business and had more recently housed dozens of battered , frightened women , but one look was enough to tell ralph that it would house no one at all come this time tomorrow morning .
this blood red shape was n't quite the same as the thunderhead which had formed above the fight between green boy and orange boy outside the red apple , but ralph thought it was closely related ; the only difference was that this one had been born of fear instead of anger and aggression .
it wound first through a fairsized garden - plot from which everything had been harvested but the pumpkins and squashes , then into an orchard where the apples were just coming to full ripeness , then through a dense blackberry tangle where thorns seemed to reach out everywhere to snag their clothes .
even most of the ties were gone , burned as evening campfires either by local winos or by wigs passing through on their way to the potato fields of aroostook county or the apple orchards and fishing smacks of the maritimes on one of the few remaining crossties , ralph saw splashes of pink spoor .
the taste was clear and at once identifiable : boone 's farm apple wine .
in that instant he was outside the red apple again , grabbing nat before helen could drop her .
he remembered how helen 's feet had tangled together ; how she had stumbled backward , leaning against the red apple 's door like a drunk against a lamppost , holding out her hands to him .
beyond it , dimly glimpsed , as if seen through a mist of blood , was the red apple store .
ralph saw someone wearing a boston red sox baseball cap come out of the red apple , and this time ralph knew immediately whom he was looking at .
the red apple ?
those lives ... those thousands of lives ... ` ` i in the darkness behind his closed lids , ralph saw someone coming out of the red apple store .
ed lunged , the seatbelt bit into his gut , and ralph punched him in the throat as hard as he could , feeling an indescribable mixture of satisfaction and revulsion as the blow landed on the hard , gristly protuberance of ed 's adam 's apple .
the pool of white light marking the red apple store 's parking lot seemed an impossible distance away , although ralph knew it was only three blocks , and short ones , at that .
he sometimes thought ed 's meanest legacy to his widow was summed up in its brittle , not - quite - funny sentiment , aind when he saw it , ralph often remembered how ed had looked on that summer afternoon when he had walked up from the red apple store to confront him .
these were common enough in new england during warm weather ( ` ` common as catdirt , '' lois would have said ) , but the sight of them on the heads of these two people filled ralph with some deep , resonant feeling ... and it was tied to a specific image , one he did , at least , understand : the front of the red apple store .
` ` i think i 'll walk upstreet to the red apple and get an ice - cream bar , '' ralph said .
he had never felt less like ice cream in his entire life , but it was a reasonable enough excuse for a trip to the red apple ; it was the first week of august , and the weatherman had said the mercury would probably top ninety by early afternoon , with thunderstorms to follow in the early evening .
the last thing on earth ralph wanted was to be accompanied up to the red apple by lois .
he felt knee - deep in molasses , and thought he would be doing well just to make the porch , let alone the red apple up the street .
as they walked up the hill toward the red apple ( at first lois kept falling behind , then trotting to catch up , but she quit when she saw she could not slow him with such a simple trick ) , ralph told her what little more he could .
now he could see the red apple .
on the other side of harris avenue , helen came out of the red apple , and the last condition of the vision atropos had shown ralph was fulfilled .
` ` and apple jacks !
she had slapped him once , and after a neighing titter that set his prominent adam 's apple to bobbing , he had boozily explained that he was just ` ` emulatin ' old grandpa thornton , with his fascination for dusky women .
it was no wonder dr . tachyon had vouched for him , hiram thought , gazing at trips 's prominent adam 's apple and purple top hat : they obviously shopped at the same boutique .
he glanced quickly around the room and when he looked back croyd had added an apple cobbler and a slice of chocolate pie .
` ` a rat's - eye view of the big apple , '' jack said .
in the middle of the very core of the big apple , the pair started get ting the feeling that they might as well have been in trackless woods with no sign of the sun for navigation .
the shire had seldom seen so fair a summer , or so rich an autumn : the trees were laden with apples , honey was dripping in the combs , and the corn was tall and full .
the nearest he ever got was to say : ' well , sir , if i could grow apples like that , i would call myself a gardener .
he had a blue coat and a long brown beard ; his eyes were blue and bright , and his face was red as a ripe apple , but creased into a hundred wrinkles of laughter .
there was a fire in the wide hearth before them , and it was burning with a sweet smell , as if it were built of apple - wood .
sam was chewing an apple thoughtfully .
with a sudden flick , quick as lightning , an apple left his hand and hit bill square on the nose .
' waste of a good apple , ' said sam regretfully , and strode on .
they 're as different as peas and apples . '
' you ought to know that they 're the apple of the great eye .
but the entwives gave their minds to the lesser trees , and to the meads in the sunshine beyond the feet of the forests ; and they saw the sloe in the thicket , and the wild apple and the cherry blossoming in spring , and the green herbs in the waterlands in summer , and the seeding grasses in the autumn fields .
for the entwives were bent and browned by their labour ; their hair parched by the sun to the hue of ripe corn and their cheeks like red apples .
when summer warms the hanging fruit and burns the berry brown ; when straw is gold , and ear is white , and harvest comes to town ; when honey spills , and apple swells , though wind be in the west , i 'll linger here beneath the sun , because my land is best !
but gandalf , mithrandir as you call him , asked me to see to his horse c shadowfax , a great steed of rohan , and the apple of the king 's eye , i am told , though he has given him to mithrandir for his services .
they got there bread , and butter , and cheese and apples : the last of the winter store , wrinkled but sound and sweet ; and a leather flagon of new - drawn ale , and wooden platters and cups .
' do you think you killed him with that apple , sam ? '
he chuckled happily to himself and fetched two withered apples from a sack hanging from the ceiling .
he fed one apple to the donkey and then opened his pocketknife and carefully divided the second apple in half , giving the larger half to stanley , who refused to touch it .
he fed one apple to the donkey and then opened his pocketknife and carefully divided the second apple in half , giving the larger half to stanley , who refused to touch it .
` ` you 'll eat it soon enough , ratty , '' said mad jack with his mouth full , spraying apple spit all over stanley .
' maybe an apple core that ai n't been entirely et .
' it becomes some apples , part of a cart , a pair of shoelaces , some hay , an hour 's occupancy of a theatre seat .
it is not an apple , which will go bad .
if we used apples instead of coins , you could at least eat the apple , ' said moist .
if we used apples instead of coins , you could at least eat the apple , ' said moist .
a penny is , as it were , an everlasting apple . '
and you can plant an apple tree . '
five boxings for a bin of aging apples , vin thought with dissatisfaction .
three mature apple trees spread limbs over the front garden , and a member of the grounds staff was lazily sawing off a few dead branches .
i caught the faintest scent of apple blossoms , a small ... what ?
in that sense , he stood for maleldil : but no more than eve would have stood for him by simply not eating the apple , or than any man stands for him in doing any good action .
` ` i do believe that 's an apple tree . ''
they panted up the steep bank , forced their way through some brambles , and found themselves standing round an old tree that was heavy with large yellowishgolden apples as firm and juicy as you could wish to see .
` ` and this is not the only tree , '' said edmund with his mouth full of apple .
` ` why , there are dozens of them , '' said susan , throwing away the core of her first apple and picking her second .
then the girls went out to pick some more apples and the boys built the fire , on the dais and fairly close to the corner between two walls , which they thought would be the snuggest and warmest place .
they tried roasting some of the apples on the ends of sticks .
but roast apples are not much good without sugar , and they are too hot to eat with your fingers till they are too cold to be worth eating .
so they had to content themselves with raw apples , which , as edmund said , made one realize that school suppers were n't so bad after all - ` ` i should n't mind a good thick slice of bread and margarine this minute , '' he added .
shortly after the last apple had been eaten , susan went out to the well to get another drink .
and it makes matters worse if there is nothing but apples for breakfast and you have had nothing but apples for supper the night before .
and it makes matters worse if there is nothing but apples for breakfast and you have had nothing but apples for supper the night before .
` ` there 's only apples , '' said lucy dolefully .
when everyone had finished off with a drink from the well and an apple or so , the dwarf produced a pipe about the size of his own arm , filled it , lit it , blew a great cloud of fragrant smoke , and said , ` ` now . ''
doctor cornelius quickly cut up the remains of a cold chicken and some slices of venison and put them , with bread and an apple or so and a little flask of good wine , into the wallet which he then gave to caspian .
as it was now past the middle of the day , they rested with the centaurs and ate such food as the centaurs provided cakes of oaten meal , and apples , and herbs , and wine , and cheese .
` ` i think that apple hanging over the wall on the branch there would do , '' said susan .
` ` looks more like a cherry than an apple , '' he muttered , but he said nothing out loud .
the tiny apple shook as the arrow passed , and a leaf came fluttering down .
she was not enjoying her match half so much as edmund had enjoyed his ; not because she had any doubt about hitting the apple but because susan was so tenderhearted that she almost hated to beat someone who had been beaten already .
a moment later , with a little soft thump which they could all hear in that quiet place , the apple fell to the grass with susan 's arrow in it .
` ` oh , we 'll have to do with apples , '' said lucy .
they used one of the raincoats as a kind of bag and put a good many apples in it .
they went ashore at last , far too tired to attempt lighting a fire ; and even a supper of apples ( though most of them felt that they never wanted to see an apple again ) seemed better than trying to catch or shoot anything .
they went ashore at last , far too tired to attempt lighting a fire ; and even a supper of apples ( though most of them felt that they never wanted to see an apple again ) seemed better than trying to catch or shoot anything .
` ` apples , heigh - ho , '' said trumpkin with a rueful grin .
each apple ( they still had a few of these ) was wrapped up in bear 's meat - as if it was to be apple dumpling with meat instead of pastry , only much thicker - and spiked on a sharp stick and then roasted .
each apple ( they still had a few of these ) was wrapped up in bear 's meat - as if it was to be apple dumpling with meat instead of pastry , only much thicker - and spiked on a sharp stick and then roasted .
and the juice of the apple worked all through the meat , like apple sauce with roast pork .
and the juice of the apple worked all through the meat , like apple sauce with roast pork .
he seized a braided leather cord hanging from the saddle blanket that covered the gargant 's back , and swung down to earth as lightly as a boy coming down from an apple tree .
the knife plunged through the vord creature as easily as through a rotten apple , and continued on to the flesh beneath , cracking bone with moist snapping sounds , hurling its target from her feet and to the ground .
a shower of bright blue sparks flew up , and raucus 's sword peeled a long strip of metal from one blade of her gladius as easily as a man might slice the skin from an apple .
he backed up as she got right into james 's face , her extended claws tickling over the young man 's adam 's apple .
messing around with golden apples or something ? ''
` ` apple juice , '' said spigot .
also spigot gave me a humorous apple juice fermented drink because of the heat and now i feel ill . ` ` i ai n't surprised .
` ` well , fermented apple juice can help . ''
as if she had been asleep , not just now , as she entered the circle of his arms , not just this morning since the alarm had blared her out of her motorcycle dream , but for years and years , like snow white after the apple .
when sydney ripped into it , she practically inhaled the baby carrots and apple slices she found within .
i was drowning in apple blossoms as if i 'd fallen into some enchanted orchard , where it was always spring , always new , always possible .
i think it 's an apple tree .
the smell of apple blossoms began to drift in through the door .
i was drowning in the scent of apple blossoms again , and for a moment power flared through me , a strong pulse that made doyle stumble .
it 's a lie , an illusion , like the apple tree in my house .
if there had been apples on the tree , you could have eaten them and they would have filled your belly .
the story was that the spring had a fruit tree behind it , so that from the outside the tree was small like an apple tree espaliered against the stones , but if you knelt at the spring to drink or lay offerings , then the tree rose above you and there was a glimpse of meadows behind it .
for he kissed me , and his lips tasted of honey and apples .
i smelled fresh apples , and when i licked my lips , i could still taste honey .
my lips tingled , and it was as if i 'd just bitten into an apple .
he laid his lips against mine , so gently , but as my breath eased out into his mouth it was n't apples and honey i tasted .
he drew back just enough to whisper , ` ` you taste like apples . ''
i could taste apples again , as if i 'd just bitten into one , and dipped it into something thick and sweet and golden .
heavy apple trees laden with fruit clustered in corners , and in the air , i could just faintly smell a bonfire and mulling spices .
still more apples lay on the ground , round and red and waiting to be eaten .
for me , that life is autumn on my father 's estate when the oaks are orange and the apples are ripe .
almost like apples , but not in a girly , boutique sort of way .
i think i could go for ... apple cinnamon ones now . ` `
` ` apple cinnamon ?
` ` thetis , if i actually believed you had either apples or cinnamon in your kitchen , i 'd make them for you right now . ''
i was pretty sure i had some year - old apple jacks , but that was about it .
there was no fleeting smell of apple , leather , and musk , no unique seth scent .
i helped myself to a fondue fork and speared a piece of apple .
i swore i could smell the scent of his skin , his sweat mingled with the woodsy apple soap he used .
that soft woodsy - apple scent wrapped around me like an embrace .
all anyone remembers is the poisoned apple , but do n't forget the huntsman , or the enchanted girdle and the poisoned comb .
no matter how sweet the apple eve had bitten , she was sure it had been far sweeter for its forbidden lure .
madeleine giggled and downed a good portion of her apple martini .
my mother was as american as apple pie and refused anything even the slightest bit ' woo - woo ' .
the next night , silas appeared at the front of the owenses ' cozy tomb carrying three large books - two of them brightly colored alphabet books ( a is for apple , b is for ball ) and a copy of the cat in the hat .
now he always waited until the apples were ripe before eating them , and never ate more than two or three a night .
he looked once , looked twice to be certain : an apple , red and ripe .
he climbed to the top of the hill , until he was above the whole town , above even the top of the apple tree , above even the steeple of the little chapel , up where the frobisher mausoleum stood like a rotten tooth .
i used to play with one little girl down by the duck - pond every day until she turned about your age , and then she threw an apple at my head and did not say another word to me until i was seventeen . ''
he moved a cardboard box filled with curled and damp parish papers and took out a carton of orange juice , an apple , a box of bread sticks , and a block of cheese , and he ate while pondering how and whether he would seek out scarlett - he would dreamwalk , perhaps , since that was how she had come to him ...
he passed the old apple tree .
at each side of the ship the space under the benches was left clear for the rowers ' feet , but all down the centre there was a kind of pit which went down to the very keel and this was filled with all kinds of things - sacks of flour , casks of water and beer , barrels of pork , jars of honey , skin bottles of wine , apples , nuts , cheeses , biscuits , turnips , sides of bacon .
she nodded quietly and stepped forward to hug me.her dark hair , just like mine , swung forward and brushed against my shoulder , bringing with it the scent of apples and strawberries .
i found myself transfixed on his prominent adam 's apple , which bobbed with every word he spoke.the man was just all - around disgusting .
so she knew that fats ' huge back garden had a pond and a swing and an apple tree .
simon acted like a christian martyr through the first course , wounded but dignified in the face of unwarranted persecution , but then - ' i 'll pay someone to punch the fucker 's fat face through the back of his neck , ' he burst out as he spooned apple crumble into himself ; and the family knew that he meant howard mollison .
i 'll be sure to bring along an apple next time .
maggie has a particular fondness for apples . ''
` ` do you have an apple in your coat pocket ?
then boyle reached in his pocket for the apple , into another for his pocketknife .
` ` you 're filling out well , my girl , but what 's a bit of an apple , after all ? ''
when darling angled her head so her cheek pressed to boyle 's , and when he took the half apple out of his pocket , and fed it to her , iona knew she was done .
and tell mooney winnie earned an apple . ''
there 's apples in here , '' connor discovered as he sampled the salad .
there were red apples in it the day she told me everything , not just pieces , but all .
shining red apples in the green and blue bowl .
thomas would slide the little panels back after awhile and slink down the corridor again , his head pounding and an uneasy grin on his face - the head and grin of a boy who has been eating green apples and knows he may be sicker by morning than he is now .
and why did you have to seem so perfect on the outside , like a rose - red apple in autumn , and be so rotten below the skin ?
` ` and raspberry jam and apple - tart , '' said bifur .
but among them were several others which had been used for bringing other stuffs , butter , apples , and all sorts of things , to the king 's palace .
` ` i hope i never smell the smell of apples again ! ''
to smell apples everlastingly when you can scarcely move and are cold and sick with hunger is maddening .
i could eat anything in the wide world now , for hours on end - but not an apple ! ''
` ` who wants to see me levitate an apple ? ''
the apple did n't move , and chris grew more and more frustrated as the clock continued to tick .
with their combined powers , the apple began to shiver .
` ` ser maynard has a bag of apples , '' said kyle the cat .
she has half a dozen orchards , apples and apricots and three kinds of pears .
she observed the line of people waiting at the counter : a twenty - something girl yapping on her cell phone , a taller , older woman deliberating over apple or strawberry rhubarb pie .
or a big apple !
` ` right , '' i said , trying not to notice the apple and cinnamon scent that always surrounded him .
and that is another thing about the voices of the gods ; when once they have ceased , though it is only a heart - beat ago and the bright hard syllables , the heavy bars or mighty obelisks of sound , are still master in your ears , it is as if they had ceased a thousand years before , and to expect further utterance is like asking for an apple from a tree that fruited the day the world was made .
` ` he was the apple of her eye , and she does n't even like you ! ''
the fridge held half a carton of milk , a gallon bottle of apple juice with maybe one glassful in it , and a jar of mustard .
boots had a cup of watery apple juice - they were trying to make that last - and everybody else drank hot tea .
strips of wood curled away from the board like apple peel .
` ` apple juice . ''
` ` apple juice ? ''
` ` no apple juice , boots .
they planted apple trees .
the trees flourished and soon their branches were heavy with golden apples . ''
` ` a is for apple , '' murmured boots .
when i was a pup , i remember , it was a great treat to go to the garden , '' said ripred , ` ` to eat the apples , to sleep in the caves surrounding it , which smelled as sweet as the fruit . ''
and those golden apple trees wo n't grow anywhere else in the underland , '' said ripred .
mrs whitlow , the housekeeper , she of the clanking chatelaine and huge creaking corset that caused the chair of indefinite studies to swoon when he heard it , generally took great care to select staff who , while being female , were not excessively so , and tended to be industrious , clean in their habits , rosy cheeked and , in short , the kind of ladies who are never too far from gingham and an apple pie .
this suited the wizards , who liked to be not far away from an apple pie themselves , although they could take gingham or leave it alone .
she might be called homely , perhaps , but it was quite a nice home , clean and decent and with roses round the door and a welcome on the mat and an apple pie in the oven .
the scent of cooked apples filled the kitchen .
' please have some more of my wonderful apple pie , ' said nutt .
jolly decent types , bar a few bad apples , and gods know we have enough of those of our own .
mr ottomy cleared his throat , causing his red adam 's apple to bob up and down like an indecisive sunset .
' yes , he likes apple pies , ' said trev .
she had the satisfaction of seeing his adam 's apple pop back up and down again like a sick yoyo .
' oh , and i do seem to have made one apple pie more than called for .
she was nearly there when she met mr ottomy , his scrawny adam 's apple as red and glistening as chicken giblets .
gawyn immediately moved into apple blossoms in the wind .
a wagonload here , a cartful there , a bucket or two of apples from a passing farmstead .
her perfume smelled of apple blossoms .
he had no idea why an aes sedai of the blue ajah would care about apple orchard taxation rates .
blackened holes , like spots of corruption on an otherwise healthy apple .
chapter 1 apples first the wheel of time turns , and ages come and pass , leaving memories that become legend .
tiny apples , barely as large as a man 's thumb .
sure , the spring buds had come late , and the apples had grown slowly .
we 'll sort through those fallen apples and see if any are n't rotted too badly .
flies were starting to buzz around the shriveled bits that had once been apples .
staring down those neat , perfect rows of useless apple trees , almen felt the crushing weight of it .
these apples ... they were supposed to have saved the village , and his sons .
he took a deep , long breath , and smelled ... apple blossoms ?
the apple trees were flowering .
the dark bits of apple on the ground melted away , like wax before a flame .
` ` gather your people and collect those apples .
the trees were burgeoning with new , ripe red apples .
those apples seemed to shine .
gather those apples quickly .
almen lowered his hand , watching as the stranger strode away , down a pathway between two fenced orchards , trees laden with blood - red apples .
the apples were red specks , dotting the green like freckles .
` ` apples , '' almen said .
listen , we need every one of those apples picked before the day ends .
the inn where thom had chosen to perform was a steep - roofed , brick - fronted structure with a sign that showed two apples , one eaten down to the core .
the two apples was one of the nicer establishments in the area .
` ` show them cherries and they 'll still eat the rotten apples , if they ' ve been doing it long enough .
he fell into apple blossoms in the wind and began to shout .
` ` probably wo n't be enough to buy an apple , these days '' , he muttered .
talmanes moved into apple blossoms in the wind , striking forward wildly with a strength and fury to match the fire that was killing him .
as polite as a six - year - old boy who had just heard that you had a fresh apple pie back in the kitchen .
apple blossom on the wind .
you can spend your days in peace , eating apples and having your pick of mares '' .
if we give them time to rest , they will recover from their march , be joined by the trollocs from the south , then use dreadlords to rip open cairhien like an overripe apple .
apple blossoms in the wind , with three quick strikes , forced demandred back .
he moved from shake dew from the branch , to apple blossoms in the wind , to stones fall in the pond - all forms that stabilized him in one position while fighting multiple opponents .
but he found a small secondhand computer shop in petaluma that did not have video camera surveillance and , dressing in his hoodie and sunglasses , he purchased there two laptop apple computers for cash .
the kitchen smelled strongly now of fresh - cut apples and cinnamon tea .
the fresh - baked pies were brought into the dining room , apple , cherry , peach .
the intricate lighting of every branch of the giant tree had already been done , and what was needed now was the hanging of countless gold and silver apples on the tree , little lightweight ornaments that sparkled beautifully amid the deep thick green pine needles .
the coffee had been served , the pots set about , and the gingerbread and cream passed , along with the fresh apples and plums , and the soft creamy french cheese .
lisa had baked fresh bread , and apple pies for dessert .
just before the end of the meal , when they 'd had their fill of the apple pie and the espresso and sergei had gulped down an enormous quantity of brandy , in came elthram , dressed in his familiar beige chamois leather , and without a word , he seated himself in the armchair at the foot of the table .
king 's light transitioned to a vivid apple green .
she was drinking an apple martini and i was n't , which was a damn shame .
pauline appeared a moment later with an apple martini in her hand .
` ` < br/ > prologue no matter how carefully i patted the chopped apples into place , the top crust of my apple pie always looked like i 'd tried to bury a dismembered body under it .
` ` < br/ > prologue no matter how carefully i patted the chopped apples into place , the top crust of my apple pie always looked like i 'd tried to bury a dismembered body under it .
he kept a large supply of tree bark and leaves : birch for cleansing and to expel evil ; hazel for wisdom and the divining of water ; yew , the tree of death ; rowan for life and healing ; ash for power and absorbing illness ; pine for rejuvenation ; willow for enchantment ; hawthorn for male potency ; holly for beauty ; the apple for fertility ; mistletoe for love and peace .
tryston swallowed , his barely burgeoning adam 's apple bobbing .
his voice was strained , and his adam 's apple bobbled as he swallowed down the sadness we all felt .
i found an opened case of water , a big bag of chips , a mixed bag of apples and oranges , half a dozen cans of various vegetables , and cans of spam .
his neck is thin , and his adam 's apple prominent , as though he has swallowed a peach pit at some point in his life and it has been lodged there ever since .
i went to bed with a backside red as an apple , but my mother brought me soup so i would n't catch pneumonia , and olivia and delilah piled in bed with me and read from my favorite book , the wind in the willows .
we were drunk on apple brandy she 'd unearthed from her parents ' liquor cabinet , lying out by the creek on a big patch of deep purple moss on one of those georgia summer days like we were living inside of a painted egg : greens and blues and bright splashes of color ; everything brighter and better than real life should ever be .
the baby 's head was as small as an apple .
with his round , corn - fed face , apple cheeks and sandy blonde hair , he did nt seem the down - and - out type .
one bad apple and all that .
he pulled at his purple necktie and wiped away the dribble of sweat rolling over his adams apple .
although quite dangerous he hadthem practice implosion and explosion on apples that he placed very near to each other .
rows upon rows of apples sitting next to each other , and only certain ones that were destine to be exploded or imploded .
the opportune moment had finally arrived at the end of eighth grade her teachers had arranged a class trip to the big apple .
her brothers face was as red as the fuji apple she had crunched on for lunch for that day .
sometimes i eat the horses carrots and apples and oats .
so far , it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house , several rustic outbuildings , a large kitchen and herb garden , a newly planted orchard of apple , cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation , six acres of tobacco fields , one acre of corn and wheat , goats and chickens in the yard , pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses .
abigail asked , returning to the table with her plate along with a bowl of stewed apples .
she placed the stewed apples in the middle of the table , then sat down beside jamie .
what he was really looking forward to was the day when he could offer them fresh apples as treats .
right now his brother bartered for barrels of apples from another planter named george menefie , and being as precious as they were , robert had clearly made his wishes known that the apples were for human consumption only .
right now his brother bartered for barrels of apples from another planter named george menefie , and being as precious as they were , robert had clearly made his wishes known that the apples were for human consumption only .
jamie had thought he could gather the bruised apples that had fallen to the ground for the horses on menefies land , but even those were used to make cider and juice .
they knew through francis and from personal stories from menefie himself that menefie had originally been a lawyer in england before he had come to virginia in 1623 and that he had wasted no time in establishing his plantation , growing tobacco and planting large orchards of apple , cherry , pear and peach trees .
once robert and robin were settled onto their horse and jamie had mounted pisador , she handed jamie a sack full of dried apples , leftover corncakes , walnuts and dried venison .
they also stopped to drink cold fresh water from a small , swiftly running creek and to eat the leftover corn cakes from breakfast and fresh apples that mrs . chilcott had so thoughtfully packed for them .
yes , they also eat oats , straw , carrots and apples .
conversationally menefie said , how are those apples ?
robert transplanted a dozen of my youngest apple trees onto his property two weeks ago .
mrs . jenkin then brought robert his plate , a pewter plate piled high with roast duck and pork , mashed carrots and turnips , stewed apples and thick slices of egg bread .
there was only one slice of egg bread and some stewed apples on it .
he ended , shoveling in a mouthful of stewed apples .
he started eating again , the carrots and turnips , the stewed apples , then with his fingers he picked up the chunks of pork and duck .
then there s an orchard full of apples , with the sun streaming into it , as the last of the morning mist curls away from between the trees .
twenty - seven apple , take 1 .
mrs . kaufmann has brewed a pot of fresh coffee and baked my favorite apple strudel for a late dessert .
when mrs . kaufmann set the apple strudel dish in front of dr . kaufmann , the faintest of tears could be seen glistening in the corners of her eyes before she turned and left the room .
you are mixing apples and oranges , professor wise , intrinsic worth with systemicthat which we are born with at our first breath with that which society decides we are worth .
two one - year - olds with dangling microcephalic heads no bigger than an apple .
little could be found though , this late into autumnmostly wormy apples and rotting potatoes and a few beets kept stored in barns to feed the pigs .
on the ground , to the right of the end of the stick , she sees a half eaten apple .
slowly bending down , she picks up the apple , and throws it a little past the wolf , making a sound as it hits the ground .
turning around to see what has landed on the ground behind him he moves away from jehanne , toward the apple and begins sniffing .
after a few sniffs , he puts the apple in his mouth , and runs back to the woods running to her daughter , isabelle quickly picks her up as jehanne continues to giggle , not realizing the danger her mother has saved her from .
the blighter nodded , as best he could with a crushed adams apple , and grant dropped him so fast , he crumbled to the steps .
now , her apple - green skirts , parted to reveal a petticoat lovingly embroidered with little roses , were dark with blood .
he 'd been munching an apple , prowling the kitchen like a restless cat , and driving juliet insane with his playful feints to her face , to the wall , to the leg of a chair .
he 'd tasted of sweet apples and sunshine , and she 'd felt a rush of desire for him that had made her wish becky was anywhere but in their kitchen .
` ` well , maybe i am , '' he 'd said , cheerfully ; then , saluting her with his apple , he 'd swung back out the door .
we rent this place and the land from mr . blanchard , gracie added quickly , lest the woman think they were not better than common thieves who stole apples from other folks .
we also have apple fritters and a nice boiled pudding , and i think some good stewed calfs feet would be pleasing .
carts filled with oranges and apples stood between barrels of cargo .
and the air felt so crisp , and the world smelled so much like apples .
any weapon forged by hephaestus bore a distinctive apple smell why this was , zeus never bothered to ask his estranged son .
and the air , the air smelled like rotten apples zeus did not know it , but he was smelling the thick stench of poison .
through the foulness of the sour apple orchard , zeus thought he could smell a new scent .
melaina developed an unusually powerful taste for pomegranates and frequently made her midday meal entirely of apples and pomegranate seeds , while sitting under the pomegranate tree in the courtyard outback and mulling over one of her grandfather 's scrolls .
before they reached the river , she had palaemon turn right onto a trail , and shortly , they came to an old temple of eleusinian demeter standing amongst a grove of trees : pine , mighty elms , pears , apples .
out back , she saw orchards enclosed by stone walls , two hectares of trees weighted down for picking : pears , pomegranates , brilliant apples , luscious figs .
melaina knew the child was n't coming , yet the chamber reeked of pennyroyal , apples , and quinces to bring her back to her senses should the pain overcome her .
and most of all , a sharp blade of the finest bronze , a hammer , and an apple . ''
myrrhine wiped the blade on her gown , asked for the apple and the second horse .
she split the apple and rubbed it on the horse 's nostrils , let its molars crunch the pulp , so it 'd not smell the fresh blood .
chapter two little barrels , roped and tarred , all full of brandywine the journey had been relatively uneventful , and the countryside was lovely in all its spring lushness with the apple blossom in full bloom and lambs frisky in the meadows beside their mothers .
and an apple tart that would fair melt in your mouth .
on susannas right , paris deliberated the bestowal of a golden apple on the three famously lovely goddesses before him , while the hanging on the far wall showed a slim , golden - haired penelope weaving patiently at her loom .
and half the time he wo nt even take a feeor only charges them an egg or two , or a bushel of apples .
whether a glass of vodka at an inn had been paid for or an apple had been tasted and not bought by a peasant could lead to fistfights .
but many rent property for harvesting the forests lumber ; the orchards apples , pears , or cherries ; or even to be farmers themselves on leased land .
a lot of people have fruit , especially apple and cherry , trees , too .
the cherriesa prized childs job is to remove the seeds -- and apples are succulent .
` ` the worshipful company may ha ' signed on a sorry lot o ' pimpin ' apple squires , but , by jesus , i ' ve made englishmen o ' them .
beyond lay geometrical arbors of fruit - laden trees mangoes , apples , pears , lemons , and even oranges .
the moghul had melons brought by runner from kabul , pomegranates and pears from samarkand , apples from kashmir , pineapples from goa . ''
she handed him an apple , then reached and took some grapes .
and as though that were n't enough to allow every planter there to gorge himself to insensibility , there were also deep bowls of potato pudding and dishes of baked plantains , prickly pear , and custard apples .
briggs ' face had turned the color of the red prickly - pear apples on the table .
the soil itself gave forth moist melons , wild cucumbers , and the red apples of the prickly cactus .
he helped her down beneath the shade of a spreading manchineel tree , kicking away several of the poisonous apples that lay rotting around the trunk .
he picked up a twig and tapped it against one of the poison apples .
` ` i have a basket with cheese and apples , fresh - baked bread ` ` the last from the kitchen and who knew what valentine would eat in the morning , if he ate at all ` ` and some very fine ale . ''
she pressed her lips together , silencing herself as she took an apple and began slicing it , wielding the knife with a stroke that cleaved the fruit cleanly into halves , then quarters , then eighths .
her smile faltered and she quickly turned her attention back to the apple in her hand .
i have apples and cheese and fresh bread .
he plucked an apple from the floor where it had gone unnoticed earlier and tidied the pile of blankets to make two neat heaps : one for betsy , she realized , and one for himself .
he wished he had thought to stuff an apple slice in the child 's mouth , while he was hiding all other evidence of miranda 's presence .
would miranda be safer refusing apples from the dowager , lest they be poisoned ?
annie had brought them shrimp salad sandwiches on toast along with two apples .
a ucla jacket hung on the back of a chair before a desk that housed an oversized apple computer screen .
tyra flipped the large apple computer screen around so it was facing angelina .
fields for barley , wheat , potatoes , and hay , as well as a kitchen garden for the family 's needs and an orchard for apples and cherries .
seen up close , the old womans face was wrinkled and leathery as a dried apple , and her eyes were rheumy .
the apples from that bring a healthy return .
in fact , last year , i persuaded an old school chum of mine who s set to inherit bradwells brewery to use the apples in their cider .
wearing a dress of apple green , while all about me warriors drank and shouted victory and clapped my brother arthur on the back .
apples and pears means stairs , adam and eve means believe , and now napper tandy means brandy ! !
weight - gain is possible for us , so when she is shopping only for herself she only has all sorts of bland and healthy things in the pantry , like granola and apples and what have you .
saying that , bat gad opened her white cotton robe and showed her naked apple breasts to elisha .
many of them were destitutes , who arrived just to taste good baked sheeps meat , eat sweet grapes and juicy granates and baked apples .
he said that hers was a lick of sweetness like the taste of the apple to adams mouth , and she rejoiced from that beginning .
on another occasion a market woman accused her of stealing an apple , which had rolled off her stall .
he had a steak sandwich , apple pie , and coffee .
he was sketching an apple tree .
marvelous , ahnree said , looking back at the apple tree .
she pedaled to the studio , ate a carrot that was getting old , cut up an apple and ate that with a piece of cheddar , and made a mug of tea which she balanced on her stomach as she lay on her bed .
i always order apple pie , he said .
he says condemned as if describing an apple as red .
always busy , dutifully wiping dust just before other dust falls , baking pie after pie : rhubarb , peach , pear , apple , every seasonal delight .
thick apple slices you can really chew , so sweet but not too sweetmmm , hot brew and mom clarks pies .
they were nice times actually , when visiting them for a holiday i used to love picking the blackberries , so mumma would could make her apple and blackberry pies . '
one of the servants told me that last night , the steward , the butler and the head houseman , dined in the housekeeper 's private rooms , with meats , fish and fine wines and then a pudding of apple pie and custard with helpings of fresh cream .
and he 's got some pork and apple sausage , and for dessert strawberry pavlova with fresh cream . '
he said the last sentence almost to himself , then continued .. \ its a puzzle to me , how an apple can fall that far from the tree .
andrew wanted very much to show her that , even though it was the bad apple that left his seed , she came from very good people .
then she proceeded to stuff him with chicken and dumplings , maple carrots , pickled pears , stewed fruit , butterbeans , two kinds of pickles , warm apple crisp , corn bread , fresh greens with hot bacon dressing and real coffee with real cream .
he was gobbling up the apple cake when he looked over at pat , who was slowly savoring every bite .
mr . groths wife made dan an apple cake for his birthday .
the turn coat generals attempt to stop fathers advance toward london has failed , and he again played the cat , stalking and trailing fathers army , which was busy scurrying toward london , the golden apple .
luckily , the pendralls were nearby and they knocked over several nearby apple carts , allowing us to get away unnoticed .
a pine tree from the forest of sapinar stood next to the manger in the church decorated with apples symbolizing the garden of eden .
they carried blue elder , apple , hazelnut , birch and cherry branches in their hands which they plugged into a vase on the altar .
ginger bread , nuts , apple pies and other sweets were decorated the wooden tables .
the pancakes were served with honey and marmalade made from cherries , strawberries , prunes and apples .
i listened to the singing of a blackbird , when i woke up at five oclock in the morning yesterday , said sister verena , watching the sun shine reflects on a glass filled with apple cider .
his adam 's apple bobbed erratically .
there s bread , lamb , even some apples .
he pulled out an apple and gave it to the black giant , which took it greedily .
she paused , picked up an apple from a bowl at her elbow and gazed at it , as if contemplating .
as he was walking through a street lined by fruit and vegetable vendors , he spied some fresh apples laid out like giant rubies sparkling in the sun .
how fresh are your apples ? ''
but he has money to buy apples , so i can take it to feed myself . ''
` ` here take this , '' said phidias as he tossed the man his apple .
phidias offered a coin to petros for the apple , which he refused .
as they reached the baboon enclosure , it was feeding time and the four of them watched as the keepers threw apples on to the top of the cages and the inmates climbed up and grabbed the fruit through the bars , some of them racing to snatch their food before others could reach it .
the day would be filled with beer , chips , sand castles , donkey rides , kiss - me - quick hats , penny arcades , music hall turns and toffee apples , before everyone would stagger back to the train station , tipsy and sunburned , for the journey home .
judith lovington raced through the orchard , stolen apples caught in her thick wool scarf .
all the while , stolen apples dropped to the ground in dull thuds from the shawl clutched to her chest .
so he had dared her to collect a dozen apples from kelthornes orchard and she had accepted his challenge .
she dropped the rest of the apples as well as her shawl .
the stranger dismounted and tied his reins to a nearby apple tree .
he suddenly wondered just what she was doing traipsing about the countryside in boys clothing and stealing apples from his orchard .
will he be overset that you have failed in your object of collecting my apples for his kitchen ?
she had not advanced far , however , when she remembered her shawl , her hat , and the apples .
she recovered her hat and shawl but retrieved only two of the apples .
she picked up one of the two apples she had in her possession and turned it around and around in her hands .
she tossed the apple on her bed and slipped on her underdress , a gown she had made from a pale shade of blue calico , then quickly donned the overdress of swiss muslin , closing the embroidered band in front .
he caught me stealing his apples and once he discovered that i was a young woman , he demanded a kiss before he would release me .
he spoke of the apples as his and then i guessed at his name .
even now , she wore a typical halfrobe of apple green satin over an underdress she had embroidered with little red cherries .
judith had just reached the edge of the apple orchard , through which she meant to take a shorter path to camp when kelthorne called to her from behind .
an apple thudded to the grassy turf below .
the landlord arrived bearing a tray of tea and toast , even slices of cheese and red apples .
the apples in the orchard grew riper with each passing day .
he was too happy to pay any mind to any sour apples right now .
raleigh did not stop to wait for them to move , but hurdled the small hand cart and landed in another one on the other side full of apples , pears , and persimmons .
adrian following just behind , was fortunately enough to have had made a greater leap than raleigh and cleared the now fallen cart , but unfortunate enough to land on the rolling apples .
carlotta could nt resist a saucy smile at his banter and handed him a bright red apple .
i suppose we do nt know if it was truly an apple that eve ate when tempted by the serpent , but the same truth still applies .
he remarked as he rolled the apple between his palms before taking a bite .
it was delicious ; he tasted like apples and smelled like spice .
an apple core lay on her plate , and what looked like a peach pit .
archie could see that catherine was the apple of her fathers eye and delighted in being so .
william idly gazed across to the playing fields where the apple trees were just beginning to sprout new leaves .
is it apple crumble i can smell ?
fanny , elsie and beth clapped their hands at the mention of apple crumble and archie and joe echoed the same response : you ll have to finish your vegetables first , to which all three crinkled up their noses .
mum says you re to come for your apple crumble then after that i m to give a recital .
they bit into apples .
jack slurped and spoke through apple .
he laughed and crunched into his apple .
errol concentrated on eating his apple while trying to figure out if he would be more suited to algebra than his brother .
percy threw his apple core out the window .
oh life throws you an orange sometimes when you re expecting apples , archie continued .
they did nt even have an apple tree .
for example , if i think to myself , i should like to steal a bag of apples , have i actually stolen a bag of apples ?
for example , if i think to myself , i should like to steal a bag of apples , have i actually stolen a bag of apples ?
i could not possibly be tried of the charge of thinking to steal a bag of apples because the charge is nonsense .
out of nowhere , a rotten apple hit rabbi isaac on his left temple , spattering into bits as he staggered and fell to the ground .
philip took a bite of green apple .
that apple looks delicious .
richard bit into the apple .
there s a side of bacon , a couple rounds of cheese , a loaf of bread , and a basket of apples from the cellar .
his leathery skin had the folds of a winter apple but his bald head shone like fresh picked fruit .
the wind carried the scent of fermented apples from the orchard ahead .
cold rouged his apple cheeks and bulbous nose .
after i dropped off ... his adams apple dipped in his throat .
we ve got apple , orange ... she rattles off an entire list , though i m hardly listening .
ah , we tend to do that , says armand with a chuckle , setting a carton of what appears to be apple juice on the counter .
` ` look at this , sergeant , '' one shouted and showed the company barrels piled high with apples and other fruits .
in the longer run , what did it matter if he had shored up sharma 's position and had done away with a rotten apple like bedaxili ?
what did one apple matter when the whole barrel was already thoroughly infected with the rot ?
the ripening apples scent the air with a pleasant , sweet aroma .
president davis said cutting a big slice from a red apple with his pocketknife , and offering the piece to luke .
taking the apple slice , luke began to talk as he takes a bite , yes sir , 48th alabama infantry , got captured during picketts charge at gettysburg .
he said , taking a bite of his apple slice .
malinda and luke have searched for berries along the swamp , crushed a few apples and pears found in a sparse orchard for the juice .
farah harper makes up the biggest batch of fried apple pies that she has ever made .
they are the worst bad apples to ever arrive here , but they are nt the first .
it had apples and i felt at home with these two .
would you like a nice hot apple cider ?
i took another bite and drank a sip of that hot apple cider to wash it down .
a large two - story mansion all decked out on the second floor in a beige - white color scheme and gardens with some fruiting apple trees .
i got out of the horse carriage , patted the animal gently on the side and walked to an apple tree pulling one .
turned and gave it to him palm up , then took the second apple and bit into that crisp sweet fruit .
nothings in apple pie order .
yeah , and do nt forget , for home and apple pie .
jordan picked up a stick , and thinking back to his first grade reader , scratched apple on the packed floor .
in this hindsight he had to rewrite all the good feelings into something else , yes , a betrayallike a perfect apple turning to rot .
i believe in mother and apple pie .
i , too , believe in mother and apple pie , baseball and the flag .
get us some apples .
chapter 10 : valentina fortunately , my evil eyes had scared the sevilla daughters so much that after the apple incident , they rarely addressed me .
normally , he was very respectful of those around him and the apple of his parents eyes but that day he seemed to have lost his easy nature .
` ` you mean the one about the gift of a cane made from an apple tree that shaded lafayette and washington in bergen , new jersey ?
as a tribute of esteem and veneration , permit me , sir , to ask the favor of your acceptance of this small token of respect , taken from an apple tree under which you once dined , and which once afforded you a shelter from the piercing rays of noonday ; and although it possesses no healing virtue , may it still be a support .
the platter was filled with dark raisins , dried apples , beef jerky , pt , cheese and dry , crusty , rye bread .
` ` also straightforward , '' the quartermaster said around a mouthful of cheese and dried apple .
some of the pirates had the look of men aged well beyond their years , with skin weathered and leathery like a dried up apple .
she pulled up a chair , and jean brought out a pitcher of the local apple wine .
i was pleased to see that jean had predicted the move and already had apple wine and some harder drinks waiting for us .
it was barely ten in the morning , but i enjoyed a glass of apple wine and a couple pastries .
the smell of sweet and saltcandied apples , sugar - spun cotton candy , popcorn , and the seafilled the air .
he had made a start on an orchard by setting out twenty apple , twenty peach , and a dozen plum seedlings .
` ` the thought of going away and not seeing any of you again for years , or maybe ever , puts a knot as big as a crab apple in my chest , but staying in these parts is like having a terrible itch that i just ca n't scratch . ''
their evening meal was long since over , and mollie and the children were already in bed , but arethia had kept a plate of fried pork , potatoes , stewed apples , and vegetables warm in the oven for her husband .
something about the man sticks in my gut like a handful of green apples . ''
on the sixth day , two brace of pheasants , a basket of apples , and a large bag of walnuts were delivered to the kitchen , this time with a note to mins mother .
we got that one piece of chicken left , and the three apples .
and i can trade that summer dress of mine at the store for some more potatoes and apples .
the vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes , the orchards apples , figs , and even oranges and lemons , unusual for a land of harsh winters .
margaret served fried chicken , corn on the cob , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans that she had canned during summertime , biscuits topped with apricot preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
the two moved to the table laden with various strengths of apple cider and received cups of the strongest batch from the server .
mrs . dubrinsky provided a resplendent feast of fried chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , biscuits , steamed carrots , and apple pie for dessert .
the failure of her apple pie winning a blue ribbon at last years county fair is an oversight that had best be remedied at this years fair by a more qualified panel of judges .
as always , mrs . olson prepared a feast : roast ham topped with brown sugar and raisins , sweet potatoes , green beans , corn , rolls topped with butter and apricot , strawberry or rhubarb preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
henry and meribeth have some pecan and apple pies waiting for me on the way home .
of course she loved me too but pete was the apple of her eye , much the same way that david is for your mum .
the doctor had said only fluids this morning , really just water but apple juice was ok which she liked .
the fruit seller with one eye who polishes his apples by spitting on them and rubbing them with a cloth .
detail including the fact that once we heard how he kept his apples so shiny we never purchased any from him again , not even for the horses .
but when the wheel is turning , and the cracking noises you are hearing are your own bones popping out of their very sockets , and you know that even if you survive this excruciating torment on the rack , that they will put an iron mask on your head with a spike aimed at your adams apple and tighten the screw until it is crushed , then as far as you are concerned , whatever it is that you utter that succeeds in bringing this unspeakable agony to a halt , is , to all intents and purposes , the pristine , undeniable , all - encompassing truth .
hundreds of people are milling about ; they cover the entire wharf like ants on an apple .
there were some things that he had seen before including several kinds of vegetables , corn , beans and orchards of apples , peaches and plums .
the priest reached for a small cup , dipped it into the pot , and handed it to tanaquil ; it was warm , thick , sweetened with apple juice .
the worm in the apple . ''
there were honey - cakes and dried apple rings set out on the table , but tanaquil noticed that pure only played with them , pushing them around on the dish ; and the level of the wine in her cup never went down .
` ` do n't be silly , '' he said , ` ` that 's not going to happen ; '' but the idea still disturbed him , as if he 'd been given an apple and knew there was a maggot in it .
the paste was thick , gritty , brown as rotten apple , sticky as squashed fig .
tarquin 's friends ; etruscan wasters , the kind of aristocrats with pretensions who judged you on your earrings or your bloodline and were incapable of calculating the return on a merchant voyage or leading a line of hoplites into battle , but still felt the world belonged to them like a ripe apple ready to be bitten into .
that was caile , his voice as sharp as green apples .
ships were drawn up on the tiber beaches , bringing amphorae of olive oil or wine , fine textiles dyed with bright phoenician purple or carmine red , or pigs of metal from the mines of aithalia ; across the tiber , past the tiber island , the trees of the janiculum orchards stood bare and black , but the stores were full of their fruit cherries in spirits of wine , plum butters , apples chopped into rings and dried , or pickled in honey and mustard , lying dark and cool in the great earthenware jars ; or apples packed in straw in the musty space above the rafters , slowly drying till their skins wrinkled and spotted with brown , but sweetening as they dried till , as spring came in , they burst their sugars on the palate darkly , almost dry .
ships were drawn up on the tiber beaches , bringing amphorae of olive oil or wine , fine textiles dyed with bright phoenician purple or carmine red , or pigs of metal from the mines of aithalia ; across the tiber , past the tiber island , the trees of the janiculum orchards stood bare and black , but the stores were full of their fruit cherries in spirits of wine , plum butters , apples chopped into rings and dried , or pickled in honey and mustard , lying dark and cool in the great earthenware jars ; or apples packed in straw in the musty space above the rafters , slowly drying till their skins wrinkled and spotted with brown , but sweetening as they dried till , as spring came in , they burst their sugars on the palate darkly , almost dry .
game birds had been stuffed with apples that melted , almost like butter on the tongue ; fish swam in pungent oil , with soft , spongy bread set on one side for mopping up the oil ; there were soft fruits simmered in mustard and honey , dripping and sticky , and fresh figs with slices of cheese so old it had crystallised and become translucent .
a thick dark soup of chestnuts and dried mushrooms , with tiny slivers of onion fried in butter and a dash of dark vinegar to sharpen it up ; ham sliced so thin the light shone through it , soft and salty ; geese stuffed with apples and wild garlic , so that the sharpness of the stuffing cut through the fattiness of the meat ; a slop of lentils cooked with onion and walnuts , hare stewed in wine and its own blood , dried figs in honey , quince paste with sharp cheese , a sweet cake made of nuts and candied fruit , dumplings of muddy fish flesh flaked with breadcrumbs and onion greens , shredded chicken cooked with beet till it was purple ; different textures , different tastes , different colours , the luxury of variety and contrast .
and fabia 's thoughts turned to a spring garden under a white - blossoming apple tree , where a smiling , slight girl bent to take a child up in her arms .
times are hard indeed , but mr . wiggins wanted an apple pie for his birthday .
apples and pears grew in the orchard , nearby hedges grew berries and behind the barn , there was a large plum tree .
he did not seem much of a leader , but he was friendly and cheerful and would stop at a man and ask him where he came from and soon they would be deep in conversation about planting beans and what the apples would be like this year .
you heard me , seems he wants to hear from the hero of calcaria , lilla said , biting into an apple .
oh , that would be because i told him , he mumbled , around a mouthful of apple .
i ate an apple i had picked from an orchard we had passed the previous day .
i realised that i had eaten nothing since that apple before dawn .
continuing the autumnal color scheme , on the plate rested a thick slice of apple pie , its buttery crust baked so delicately that it was difficult to determine where the piecrust ended and the slab of mellow cheddar cheese beside it began .
to wash this abundance down , mrs . o'rourke had provided tightly corked jugs , apple cider for the lady and ale for the gentleman .
as orson was loading up his plate with cold beef , pork , cheese , apple cobbler , watermelon , and a crystal goblet of iced cream , he remarked to joseph between bites , you know , joseph , i believe i could learn to enjoy politics .
now you come along and overturn the whole apple cart with your notions of freeing the slaves , and annexing texas , and oregon , and canada !
turning and pointing to the west side of the road , joseph said , right here is the apple orchard where moroni visited me for the fourth time .
before the meeting began , the men partook of a splendid pennsylvania dutch repast laid out on a long side table in the senate chamber : crumb cakes and schwingfelder cakes , hutzel brod , crullers , spaetzle and pot roast , sausages and gravy , sauerkraut and dumplings , pigs knuckles , stuffed tripe , fried potatoes , spiced peaches and apples , and an endless variety of cheeses and wine .
de floyran rooted out all the rotten apples .
chapter 2 early january , 1171 argentan , normandy a cold wind whipped through the hills surrounding the little town of argentan and rattled the bare branches of the dormant trees in the apple orchards .
biscuits and honey and for dsert , some apple pie .
she saw his adams apple climb up and back down again .
thus the two allies , fury and desperation , drove the nomads on , and they prepared to storm the town that they had so often plucked like a ripe apple .
he made time instead to accept the colonels invitation to coffee and apple pie on the porch where they enjoyed the unseasonably warm early - december day .
having eaten a piece of her apple pie i do nt doubt her kitchen skills a bit .
the only things which passed through his mouth the rest of the evening were two drumsticks , a chicken thigh , half a plate of potatoes , and a big piece of apple pie .
and flapjacks with apple jelly ?
his adams apple quivered as he took a step closer to her and stroked her cheek with his fingers .
he paid with a bag of green apples , and the goats left their own payment all over the ferry deck .
he claimed he could shoot an apple off the end of a stick at a hundred paces .
leopold pulled out a red apple and held it up for all to see , and then pushed his soldiers spears aside and re - entered the circle .
the king called in palnatokis young son and placed the apple on his head .
the archer removed three arrows from his quiver , and on his first try , split the apple in two .
leopold tossed the apple up once and caught it .
he smiled and held up the apple .
we place the apple on the witchs head and take turns shooting until one of us hits it .
the apple , i mean .
ever so slowly she reached out her hand and plucked the apple from leopolds grasp .
a 7000 - word ( 28 pages ) short story historical notes the william tell story that most of us are familiar with , has william tell being forced to shoot an apple off his sons head by an oppressive austrian governor named hermann gessler .
he does not show up in any historical documents until one hundred and fifty years after the time he was supposed to have shot the apple ( around 1307 ) , and there is absolutely no mention anywhere of a governor named gessler .
he gulped as he felt the slightest prick of the point of her fingernail against his adams apple .
her nails were an apple red that she could see even in the moonlight , and the color matched the fitted silk blouse that kevin had insisted on .
like his mothers should - be - famous apple pie or his fathers stuffing .
underneath the main desk of the booth , tom knew there were specially made candy apples and hot chocolate .
the candy apples were made from caramel and melted candy canes then partially dipped in milk chocolate before being coated with little chunks of mint .
old man hubbert never revealed how many people came to his farm but tom knew the older man only sold evergreen trees and apples but was still able to maintain the farm .
can i add a few of those amazing candy apples your wife makes and some hot chocolate to go ?
how many apples ?
i figured i d be nice and get everyone one of your wifes delicious candy apples for dessert , tom explained with a light laugh .
yep , we ve normally got close to a hundred comin down every holiday , old man hubbert revealed as he packed 14 candy apples into a plastic grocery bag .
tom happily paid , knowing that the candy apples and hot chocolate were worth the two dollars each .
did you get candy apples too ?
good things come to those who wait , grace told her with a wink as she set the other two cups into the cup holders and took the bag of candy apples .
yeah , we got candy apples for everyone too , tom mentioned as he smirked .
rows of trees coated the farmland in front of him and dozens of candy apples were stacked neatly under his desk .
hundreds more lay in wait in the house located just behind his booth , hidden by a row of apple trees .
ya know he bought 16 of yer grand - maws candy apples last year , he did , old man hubbert persevered .
the carsons will buy a box of candy apples .
next to the gin sat a bag of molasses cookies , an apple pie , and two jars of homemade raspberry jam , all neatly arranged like a pagan offering to the gin god .
i rifled through the mail again , just in case i missed something , while mrs . saunders talked about the latest gas prices ( even though she did nt drive ) , the cost of apples ( even though she had no teeth ) , and the general gossip that circulates around a small town .
she quickly showered , dressed , and ate an apple .
the sickening sound was like throwing an apple hard onto the concrete .
the apples of her cheeks melted into refined cheekbones .
he also grabbed all the freshest sandwiches he could find along with apple pies , bubble gums and sodas .
halfway though my dry biscuit with butter and apple jelly , i notice andy 's eyes are round as saucers and those wooly caterpillars that sit above them are arched as well .
we ate caramel apples and watched charlie brown and snoopy on tv .
it ll be like new years eve in the big apple tonight .
candy apple : z place - zz the lagerstatte - 3.0 a bar .
candy apple a bar .
washington golden delicious : zz the royal zoo is closed - 3.0 - z food a type of apple .
food washington golden delicious a type of apple .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
a fiercely independent platform so that i do nt have the risk of snooping ibm and apple eyes peeking at my virtual fingerprints .
its a difficult process , it took windows and apple years to develop sustainable operating systems .
he squirmed beneath natassias expert touch , his cheeks the colour of polished apples .
george weiss , charlie weisss grandfather , circled his palm tight around pauls throat , the pressure against his adams apple no idle threat .
all of satans apples have worms and other goofy things like that .
word - of - mouth and reviews at amazon , apple , barnes & noble , sony , smashwords , goodreads , and similar sites can make all the difference in the world between whether a new reader will find and purchase our books .
a hillside with an apple tree at top .
up on her tiptoes she can easily reach an apple , she takes a bite , a loud crisp sound fills the golden summer air .
tina looks at her and takes the apple as she proffers it .
a murmur of pleasure as she bites the apple .
the scent of grass and apples and milk and fresh warm sunlight .
slowly becoming more and more distant from the apple tree where he found them locker 13 is the door into summer ... an eternal paradise where everything is good and beautiful and kind .
whether they had a gold mine from whence they drew it , or whether they had the art of transmutation , he knew not , but he had heard allusions to the wealth in the mountain of the apple trees , which he supposed to be a mystical phrase .
the day might come when ill shoot an apple off my sons head and live up to the legend .
the smell of cinnamon and apples struck me the instant i entered , the scent neither overpowering nor ripe , but rather hanging at the edge of the senses .
there was everywhere a bewildering mass of fruit blossom -- apple , plum , pear , cherry .
i could not resist the temptation of mystifying her a bit , i suppose it is some taste of the original apple that remains still in our mouths , so i handed her the shorthand diary .
he flung apples , carrots , and a bundle of bananas into the basket before thinking it might be smart to grab some canned goods , as well .
one moment he was just sitting there at the kitchen table , peeling an apple .
he saw as she took in a breath of air , her adams apple slightly rising and then falling , failing to break the awkward silence as well .
they also have banana , hawaiian , pecan , coconut , chocolate - chip , apple , fried , potato , fried - potato , cheese , onion , chicken , pickle , mayonnaise , spinach , jalapeno , pork , beef , shrimp , rice , pepperoni , hamburger , sausage , anchoviesfor a little extra , i think they have this special where you can choose up to five of those and throw em all in oneooh , you know what ?
another of his sources of fearful pleasure was to pass long winter evenings with the old dutch wives , as they sat spinning by the fire , with a row of apples roasting and spluttering along the hearth , and listen to their marvellous tales of ghosts and goblins , and haunted fields , and haunted brooks , and haunted bridges , and haunted houses , and particularly of the headless horseman , or galloping hessian of the hollow , as they sometimes called him .
in his devouring mind 's eye , he pictured to himself every roasting - pig running about with a pudding in his belly , and an apple in his mouth ; the pigeons were snugly put to bed in a comfortable pie , and tucked in with a coverlet of crust ; the geese were swimming in their own gravy ; and the ducks pairing cosily in dishes , like snug married couples , with a decent competency of onion sauce .
in one corner stood a huge bag of wool , ready to be spun ; in another , a quantity of linsey - woolsey just from the loom ; ears of indian corn , and strings of dried apples and peaches , hung in gay festoons along the walls , mingled with the gaud of red peppers ; and a door left ajar gave him a peep into the best parlor , where the claw - footed chairs and dark mahogany tables shone like mirrors ; andirons , with their accompanying shovel and tongs , glistened from their covert of asparagus tops ; mock- oranges and conch - shells decorated the mantelpiece ; strings of various - colored birds eggs were suspended above it ; a great ostrich egg was hung from the centre of the room , and a corner cupboard , knowingly left open , displayed immense treasures of old silver and well - mended china .
in his hand he swayed a ferule , that sceptre of despotic power ; the birch of justice reposed on three nails behind the throne , a constant terror to evil doers , while on the desk before him might be seen sundry contraband articles and prohibited weapons , detected upon the persons of idle urchins , such as half - munched apples , popguns , whirligigs , fly - cages , and whole legions of rampant little paper gamecocks .
on all sides he beheld vast store of apples ; some hanging in oppressive opulence on the trees ; some gathered into baskets and barrels for the market ; others heaped up in rich piles for the cider - press .
the horizon was of a fine golden tint , changing gradually into a pure apple green , and from that into the deep blue of the mid- heaven .
and then there were apple pies , and peach pies , and pumpkin pies ; besides slices of ham and smoked beef ; and moreover delectable dishes of preserved plums , and peaches , and pears , and quinces ; not to mention broiled shad and roasted chickens ; together with bowls of milk and cream , all mingled higgledy- piggledy , pretty much as i have enumerated them , with the motherly teapot sending up its clouds of vapor from the midst -- heaven bless the mark !
i read and reread his letter , and some softened feelings stole into my heart and dared to whisper paradisiacal dreams of love and joy ; but the apple was already eaten , and the angel 's arm bared to drive me from all hope .
if she smells apple pie , for example , everyone feels a bit of a craving for apples .
if she smells apple pie , for example , everyone feels a bit of a craving for apples .
a filched apple was quickly forgiven since ava was glad that her daughter had nt attempted to sneak the chocolate chips from inside the cabinet .
he could smell the contents of their bags , tiny balls of organic cheeses , carefully wrapped hydroponically grown apples .
he saw the edges of an apple logo peeking out from beneath a pile of tangled mouse cables and he forced himself to turn away , collectable junk be damned .
his gaze drifted to the heavily laden truck with all its layers of junk , and that one , silver apple logo peeking out from beneath the mercury and rust .
the macbookair hummed to life when he hit the button , it gave all the right soft moans and tonal greetings , but there was a strange symbol in place of the infamous apple , and instead there was a long , curved logo , a rather complex 3d rendering of a rounded blade and a long , straight black handle .
leaves of brilliant yellow , russet , apple red , brown , orange , purplish colours , floated upon the meandering river .
the only moose he had actually seen in this state were the small stuffed variety that inevitably crowded around the bottles of maple syrup and jars of apple jelly or apple cider donuts that seemed to live next to every last cash register .
the only moose he had actually seen in this state were the small stuffed variety that inevitably crowded around the bottles of maple syrup and jars of apple jelly or apple cider donuts that seemed to live next to every last cash register .
ben was always partial to the horseradish cottage cheese and the apple butter , which he would slather all over the homemade bread .
they were given a choice of apple , cherry , blueberry or strawberry .
he just grabbed his keys and left , leaving that little sign in the window that let people know the shop would nt be open to sell apple cider donuts and maple syrup that day , locking the door and not looking back .
that pig in red hots , she s the rotten apple in the barrel .
luckily we were fresh out of apples for my mouth , and breccan was doing her best to eliminate the crackers .
the only thing that i want now is revenge against the mystifiers of my village , against all the rotten apples that hid to the shade their ignoble consciences and now , with the disorder , they make to emerge the whole dirt of their inclinations .
trash of ungrateful and deceptive epithets : that with which am more known means '' he who separate '' and have buckled him / it to me , that have tried to gather creator and creature through the pure bite of an apple instead in the garden of the eden !
by now it was the one and half : the more ones had disappeared , and also of run ; the least distant ones from the school were also already in house , where to the time of lunch an uninhabited kitchen from parents in career allowed them to snatch a sandwich , a yogurt or an apple to crunch in front of the computer .
in the last few minutes , hannahs lovely oval face had shriveled like a month - old apple .
biggs could put five rounds through an apple at that range in under fifteen .
do nt worry , though , apples are ripe ahead and you ll have the best meal of your life tomorrow at fergus place .
the smell of burning apple wood and good food hung in the cool autumn air all around it .
four big bowls of apples lined the lone , long table in the center of the room .
she sat and started slicing apples onto a plate .
she ate chunks of it on sweet , crisp apple wedges .
he turned the coals with his poker and tossed in a piece of apple wood .
the spicy scent of apples and alcohol sat in the stone and boards .
margot raised her tankard and said , its apples !
the two hundred pound carcass plowed through the fallen leaves and apples .
margot said filthy beast and threw her apple at me .
she opened up , but did nt throw an apple at him .
margot threw her apple at me and i fell .
daniel gave him an apple and stroked his powerful neck .
he took out a skin of cider , a jar of pickled apples , a package of venison jerky and an acolytes tabard .
john smiled and popped a pickled apple into his mouth .
the taste of spicy , chewy meat and sour apple slices stayed under his racing imagination .
no nooo it is a pickled pork chop daniel had no idea what that meant and gave it only a moments consideration before continuing his search for the apples .
then he put johns weapon back and eventually found the pickled apples in another bag .
he poured that into one of the tabards golden circles , where it made a lumpy pile of curds and apple wedges .
the bag and everything in it smelled like apple cider vinegar .
the cheese was two inches thick and the width of the circle across , with pickled apples snug in its shape .
i ve never seen him put apples in a cheese , though .
daniel rolled his eyes and took another bite of the bland , crusty , sour , apple cheese .
he left a pouch of salt and a jar of pickled apples on top of the official cheese cloth , which was in a tidy fold .
everything still smelled of apple cider vinegar .
they did nt have any milk or bacon or pickled apples stowed in those handsome black and silver uniforms .
his eyes adjusted to the firelight and he found the bowls of apples on the table .
captain looked over the apple at her and chewed , contemplating what shed said .
davies and ares took a turn into the city at the north , rather than dodging through the apple orchard , and the hooves hit cobblestone - ca - ca - clack , ca - ca - clack , ca - ca - clack , ca - ca - clack .
25 burying saints andalynn and margot were gossiping in the kitchen and packing picnic baskets with leftover fried chicken and jars of pickled apples .
he bakes a wicked apple , ooh !
andalynn prepared a quick plate of chicken and pickled apples and set it on the floor next to harold , who slumped when he saw it .
that first one i gave you is page after page of the emotional impact an apple had on him , as far as i can tell .
harold said , it must have been some apple .
he rode to the orchard in the north and got down to share some apples with his horse and to think .
so , he sat there until dusk , eating apples , feeding apples to sarah and staring at the wall without a clue .
so , he sat there until dusk , eating apples , feeding apples to sarah and staring at the wall without a clue .
the whispers revealed that sarah had been courting edward for some time , that fergus had been baking his wicked apple pies for them left and right , and that she had nt ever shown much interest in johns nephew .
do you want an apple , boy ?
lot raised an eyebrow and took a bite out of his apple .
it only took two months after the fall of bayonne for their leader to decide that there were greener pastures and choicer apples to pick .
she asked while pressing the screen of a small white tablet with a bright neon apple logo on its back .
his adams apple bobbed .
with winter looming , i had vegetables to can and freeze , apples to store and wood to cut .
a small bowl of apples accompanied the feast .
he stopped , arched walkways rising high above his head , eyes dodging all about him as he took in the deserted surrounds of apple market .
the worst bit was the leaking , gooey blobs of brain , and the way it looked like smushed apple pie , dyed red .
and this group were rotten ; faces like discarded apple cores .
stuart had torn out several adam 's apples , giving him a hand dripping with viscera .
clint would never have shared that first slice of pie , or his tall bottle of apple brew , if mai had nt stood out like she did .
now i need an apple brew .
he walked straight from the center of the street where stone had shot him and into the saloon , then pushed all of the tables and chairs out of the way and told the barman he wanted a tall apple brew and a fat slice of turkey pie .
it was a can of apple brew , fashioned from city metal .
edward used his magic horn to set the can in front of him , then held it deftly between his teeth , raised his head , and bit it open , drinking the apple brew as it spilled .
a bushel of half - rotting apples , a basket of figs and a quarter - dozen eggs , were all that remained of their food .
the pile of apples dwindled , while the putrid smell emanating from the jars increased .
there was one piece left of his moms homemade apple pie .
i expected the backroom to be dark and spooky , but was surprised to see a homey kitchen , smelling of apple spice .
my appetite disappeared and my heart sank as i watched griffin gorging on two hamburgers , two servings of potato salad , several handfuls of chips , a slice of apple pie , and an ice cream bar .
he grabbed an apple and left the house calling for rags .
i was n't but haley probably was starving , so i take an apple .
he pulled out an apple , two protein bars , three bottles of water , and a small amount of white powder in a baggieonly touching the food with his non - bloody hand .
she licked her lips as she stared at the apple .
we can each have a protein bar , a bottle of piss - warm water , and split the apple .
ill take the apple and you can have the bars .
jams and jellies , squash , green beans , pickled okra , tomatoes , salsa , apple sauce , you name it ; it was there .
his skin tone reminded saul of an apple , thick and off white .
* * * for more stories and information , please visit : http : //www.aprilgrey.blogspot.com and www.aprilgreywrites.com michelle kilmer and rebecca hansen excerpts from the spread : a zombie short story collection written by michelle kilmer and rebecca hansen * * * the price of convenience after the healthiest snack he could find at a mini mart a snack pack of apples and grapes paul was back to his delivery route .
he swallowed and his adams apple bobbed against the knife .
that square pizza and apple juice probably were nt the best choices for lunch .
on the surface , jashandar thrived , but way down deep , the evil festered , a wriggling green worm at the center of an apple .
old mister whiteheadold mister ugly - as - i - wanna - behad just come to the patchwork dummy in the middle of the valley , the one smelling of delicious sweat and savory horse apples , and waddled right around it .
mums , this is someones treasure , not a poisoned apple .
there were rumours she had an adam 's apple , but these were spawned by prejudice against a woman with a strong will and a cymbal for a voice box , one that clanged with an attention grabbing explosion at every opportunity .
she bit into an apple and glanced up at the poster displayed proudly behind frankie , who was now taking a much needed break behind the reception desk .
a few minutes later , deputy alex boden , resident rookie , glorified desk clerk , leaned in and handed jack two cokes and an apple juicewhich jack transferred to the tableand a steaming cup of coffee .
bonnie lived in a 1960s style split level house , the property once boasting orchards that grew berries , peaches , and apples .
she had included fruit ; apples , grapes , and pears .
cyrus brought the shoebox to the dinner table that night , set it amongst the chicken , asparagus , mashed potatoes , and apple pie .
after dinner , roland entered and ate a piece of apple pie with us .
when the others would eventually pluck the girls like apples from the limbs , they would be even whiter than when alive , and this would eventually remind me of my room ... the crisp pallid imbued once the other had left .
there are the ones who , if you will so kindly excuse the biblical reference , really do take the apple from the snake .
they never look back , and they never try anything that even remotely looks like an apple .
you are in a room full of people who live under the apple tree .
his features had been weird : beady close - set eyes beneath a heavy scowling brow , long aquiline nose , and thin lips sneering over large ragged teethno chin , just a prominent adams apple that wrinkled its way into some sort of dingy clerical collar .
a missile the size of an apple slammed into his left upper arm .
an apple fresh off the marchetti tree .
the bindle fell open upon the straw like a picnic blanket to reveal an odd assortment of knickknacks : an animal hide pouch stuffed with tobacco , a deck of playing cards , a box of matches , a buck knife , a tin of sardines , beef jerky , an apple , an orange , and lastly , a plump brown wineskin .
grey , damp and vaguely round , the rock was the size of an apple .
ileana entered bearing a glass of boiled wine seasoned with cinnamon and apple .
a homeless man discovers the razor blade inside the apple .
and what would a great meal be without an apple or sugar cube for dessert ?
if you grab the adams apple like i was planning to , its exposed without bone or muscle protecting it .
in positioning my right hand as if reaching for a cup , i imagined i was reaching for the vamps spinal cord , placing my thumb to one side of its adams apple and my fingers to the other side .
gracie quickly poured them each some coffee in to - go mugs , and bagged up four of the apple muffins that she had bought at the bakery downtown on saturday .
broth , applesauce , apple juice , and gelatin .
tiny little doe eyes beneath an overhang of bristled black brows , the thin pointy nose and too - fat cheeks , the absence of chin and ponderous adams apple .
finding her swollen , blackened body curled like a desiccated apple with an unholy stench pressing the walls out into the hallway .
pat tossed an apple across the room .
the next time he asked us to shot some fruits which he bought from outside and this time goku was able to shot one apple which was placed quite near to him as suitable to his level .
the silence of the church was fractured by the report of the gun as the bullet penetrated above his adams apple and severed the lower half of his brain stem .
excuse me , but this whole thing started with a woman chowing down on an apple at the beginning of time oh , here we go .
keen brown eyes stared out through a dried apple face .
wimbush eats had the best apple pies .
his lips looked sweeter than apple pie .
her heart had sank and not even the thought of warm apple pie could revive her appetite .
how else could she explain actually smelling the apple cider , or feeling the warmth from the dying embers in the fireplace ?
his adams apple bobbed and his breathing became labored .
the slightest apple - paring , scrap of tin - foil , speck of coffee grounds unavoidably spilled during the transfer of the contents of the bins to the revolving maw of the garbage truck were the object of almost pedantic attention on his part .
the director learned in that indirect way that the farm , which apparently was hers now , covered twenty - seven acres , that there was no running water but a well twenty - five meters deep , the water ice - cold on the hottest day , that spring frosts came so late there , nine hundred meters high , that apples were the only fruit they could grow .
lists of fruit trees , apples and pears .
shed said only apples came there .
he lifted each kit to eye level , guillotined each with his teeth and then tossed each little head over his shoulder like a discarded apple core .
nearby a short purple goblin in a trench coat , fedora , gloves , and sunglasses was selling rotting oranges and apples to a cackling silver - haired female witch with a hook for a hand .
` ` and maybe elvira 's titties are made of apple sauce .
he was married to gertrude , who was tiny and sweet as apple pie .
she now came into the living room carrying a tray with coffee and several of her home - made apple muffins .
it could be a pack of drug dealers setting out to destroy the freckle faced , apple pie eating , mother loving , kids of america .
he opened it and handed her an apple .
he heard maria bite into the apple and opened an eye .
the apple was almost hot from being in the truck all day and it was n't red like she usually ate , but it was perhaps the best tasting apple maria had ever eaten .
the apple was almost hot from being in the truck all day and it was n't red like she usually ate , but it was perhaps the best tasting apple maria had ever eaten .
wonderful aromas filled the air , turning the world into a blur of apples , cinnamon , and nutmeg .
some of her bulk was even muscle , though it was like a solid core of apple wrapped in a jellowey outer shell .
the car was a 78 corvette , candy apple red and had been in mint condition .
as my dad used to say , some times the apple falls far from the tree .
billy lit up a cigarette and took a drag off of it as jason took a bite out of one of the granny smith apples that they had brought back with them .
he grabbed an apple on his way back to the lounge , breakfast would wait until his friends were ready , but there was no reason not to have a snack .
even though he was sorely tempted to leave the apple core balanced on his friends forehead as he slept .
lorie asked , looking up from the green apple she was munching .
we walked to the carport and i slipped the keys into my candy apple red honda .
he bit on an apple and his top two front teeth broke in half .
she had apples this morning , maybe some oatmeal .
how do you like those apples ? ''
he never said what , but there was a dilly of a scar on his adam 's apple .
i am jean - claudes pomme de sang , his apple of blood .
i was pretty sure that wicked and truth would back my play if i could come up with one that would n't destroy our happy little apple cart .
if it meant crawling through some puckerbrush , like an illegal crossing the canadian border to pick apples in october , he would do it .
here were trees - what clay remembered as an apple orchard .
they found shovels in one of the sheds and buried her under an apple tree , with the little sneaker in her hand .
he could feel the weight of the cell phone in his pocket and had a funny thought : maybe adam and eve had picked a few apples before being driven out of eden .
michael cunningham had turned from the refrigerator to stare at his son , holding a granny smith apple in one hand and a carton of plain yoghurt in the other .
his adam 's apple went up and down .
his adam 's apple lurched up and down twice as he struggled to swallow something back - a moan , a cry - and then his throat seemed to lock solid , every muscle standing out , each cord standing out , even the blood - vessels standing out in perfect relief .
two pieces of home - made apple pie rested within .
there was a twisted white line of scar running like a fat string from the left corner of his mouth almost all the way to his adam '' s apple .
its time is now , its place is here , in this little maine town where baked bean church suppers are a weekly event , where small boys and girls still bring apples to their teachers , where the nature outings of the senior citizens ' club are religiously reported in the weekly paper .
she will dance to donna summer records , and bob for apples , and later on the lights will be turned down for a game of spin - the - bottle and she will perhaps kiss some boy , not because she wants to but because it will be fun to giggle about it with her girlfriends in study hall the next day .
it pounded one hand against ellen 's thigh in anxiety and frustration , leaving an instant bruise like a rotten place on the skin of an apple , then shifted focus once more .
she saw the closet - demon of her childhood , a bogey she had for some reason called apple jack , slumped in the corner with his brown fruit - face all pulled in on itself , grinning , waiting for her to wander into his deadly embrace ; the last thing she 'd smell would be his cidery aroma , which was for the time being masked by the stench of spoilage , as he hugged her to death , all the time covering her face with wet avid uncle - kisses .
instantly it seemed that making my left hand into a fist and driving it sideways into the unprotected adam 's apple of the young man sitting beside me was the most reasonable thing in the world .
in the pantry i found a stack of table talk pies , both apple and blueberry .
the telephone began to ring in tom 's nice apple valley home .
` ` have you forgotten what we were like then when we were still first rate and the day came fat with an apple in its mouth ` ` it 's no use worrying about time but we did have a few tricks up our sleeves and turned some sharp corners ` ` the whole pasture looked like our meal we did n't need speedometers we could manage cocktails out of ice and water ... '' something happened to me there .
if it was an apple , he would apply the muzzle of the gun to his right temple , pull the trigger , and air out his aching brains .
it had been an apple .
her hair had returned to the fine cornsilk i remembered from those days , and she was wearing a sailor - blouse with blue curlicue stitching around the collar that i had reason to remember very well : she 'd been wearing it one sunday when she 'd fallen out of the apple tree in our back yard and broken her arm .
i told myself if i picked an apple out of the bowl , i 'd put the gun to my temple and end my life .
i reached out and i picked an apple . ''
in any case , i picked an apple : in adam 's fall , sinned we all .
` ` then i realized it was just the apple .
` ` yes , that 's what i thought , but it was n't damnation , only an apple .
` ` i had a hell of a headache , but once i got over the shock of the apple close - up , i felt pretty much okay otherwise .
' say only that my wife and child et a rotten apple , ' i told him .
i thought : apple , orange .
he stretched out his throat and used his free hand to massage his adam 's apple .
` ` hello , boys , '' noveen said , and although jack 's adam 's apple bobbed up and down , his lips barely moved on the b at all .
the voice sounded tired now , croaky , and i could see jack 's adam 's apple sliding up and down in his throat again .
he had somehow missed her knees , which were as ugly as the knobs on an apple tree , and her chubby upper thighs .
the events of that day have nothing to do with the events of thisone , they 're apples and oranges .
mrs paige is looking remarkably lively for a woman who died of a stroke two years ago while picking apples at corrit 's orchards in alfred .
hamburger , fries , chocolate milk , apple pie a la mode . ''
frozen , ricky lee watched his adam 's apple go up and down .
on the following wednesday , while the city still lay in stunned silent contemplation of the tragedy , a woman found the head of nine - year - old robert dohay caught in the limbs of her back - yard apple tree .
this other kid 's head was thrown so far back that his adam 's apple stood out like a triangular plug .
there were potatoes and apples to pick , snowfence to string , barn and shed roofs which needed to be patched before december came along , whistling up winter .
i 'll pick apples this week and potatoes the week after that and when the frost locks up the ground like money inside a bank vault , why , i 'll hop a gs amp ; wm box that smells of sugar - beets and i 'll sit in the corner and pull some hay over me if there is some and i 'll drink me a little drink and chew me a link chew and sooner or later i 'll get to portland or beantown , and if i do n't get busted by a railroad security dick i 'll hop one of those ` ` bama star boxes and head down south and when i get there i 'll pick lemons or limes or oranges .
i can feel myself turning bad like an apple that 's going soft , i can feel it happening , eating from the inside to the out , eating , eating , eating me .
looking out , he could see the apple tree in the denbrough back yard .
they were extremely small - not much more than spring apples , really - but they were there .
so one night my mother put on a salad with lettuce and raw spinach in it , chunks of apple and maybe a little leftover ham .
two limo companies a week go smash in the big apple , but you 're doing fine .
he supposed they would have kept it up as long as necessary , not because any of them really believed the good derryfolk were going to break into the police station , carry henry out , and hang him from a sour - apple tree , but because they were desperate to close the books on that summer 's blood and horror ; they would have , but henry did n't make them .
the best she could do was to laugh without engaging her vocal cords , so that the sounds came out of her in a series of almost inaudible chuffs , her hands pasted over her mouth , her cheeks as red as mac apples , her eyes swimming with tears .
` ` you guh - guh - got your b - b - bi - bir - bir - he turned his head up , the cords in his neck standing out like cables , his adam 's apple like an arrowhead buried in his throat .
and when he opened the door , henry would drive the switchblade directly into the hollow at the base of his neck , the vulnerable hollow just below the adam 's apple .
` ` the two things are like apples and oranges , annie .
but there 's a difference between having your leg pulled and getting it shook like a damn apple tree . ` `
his long fingers shuttled speedily through the cards , faces from another age trapped under transparent plastic coverings , men who had whacked the pill and chucked the apple and covered the anchors , heroes of a grand and bygone golden age , an age of which this boy still harbored cheerful and lively dreams .
her adam 's apple went up and down .
nan was a middle - aged woman with a huge bosom and a sweetly pretty face that made you think of mom and apple pie .
the apple pie at nan 's was , as alan and all his deputies knew , very good , too - especially with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream melting on top .
home - made apples from mcsherry 's orchard over in sweden .
alan saw a large snake - it looked like a python with the head of a rattler come sliding out of a huge selection of apple computers marked free to the public .
he might start a month flat broke and end it with fifty or sixty thousand dollars tucked under the roots of the dead apple tree behind his place on cranberry bog road .
meantime , take my word for it , alan - they 're apples and oranges .
on the outskirts of bridgton , he swerved into the parking lot of a red apple store and used the telephone to dial his office .
joy brought us sandwiches and apple slices .
` ` that was jesse biggins , '' walter said , biting off a piece of apple .
when you 're in a pressure - cooker you learn to live and let live or somebody will carve you a brand - new mouth just above the adam 's apple .
if you gave him a cool drink of apple cider , he 'd think about vinegar .
the fist crashing into the baby 's face , the tire cut open with a jackknife , the barroom brawl , the insertion of razor blades into halloween apples , the constant , vapid qualifiers which the human mind , in all its labyrinthine twists and turns , is able to spew forth .
the taste of death was in his mouth , a moronic , mealy taste like a spoiled apple .
he was jean - claude 's pomme de sang , his apple of blood , sort of part kept woman and part morning snack .
he ran after her , adam 's apple bobbing .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
picture of an apple and a peach .
the word apple written beneath in jack 's large , neatly made printing .
` ` mr . torrance , '' ullman said in tones of deepest frost , ` ` i am by no means sure that mr . grady could read , let alone dig out the rotten apples you have been wasting my time with . ''
then the muscles began to work , began to writhe under the skin , the mouth began to tremble infirmly , the adam 's apple began to rise and fall .
there had been a wasps ' nest in the lower branches of their apple tree behind the house .
he had raked a big pile of rain - dampened leaves under the branch where the wasps ' nest rested , a deadlier fruit than the shrunken but tasty apples their tree usually produced in late september , which was then still half a month away .
at quarter of six , just before supper , daddy had gone out to the apple tree with his sons grouped carefully behind him .
the new yorker was edward m. norris , lieutenant of police , detective squad , in the big apple 's 87th precinct .
a tunnel that smelled not of wet soil and damp and nasty bugs and worms , but one which smelled of cinnamon and baking apple pies , one which ended somewhere up ahead in the pantry of bag end , where mr . bilbo baggins was celebrating his eleventy - first birthday party ... well , that cozy tunnel never turned out to be there , but to the frannie goldsmith who had grown up in this house , the workshop ( sometimes called ` ` the toolshop '' by her father and ` ` that dirty place where your dad goes to drink beer '' by her mother ) had been enough .
this wo n't be in dr . d 's report , but he was all but shitting green apples over that one .
he added a bottle of milk and half an apple pie that stood under a plastic dome on the counter .
he jumped up and down on his slice of apple pie , boogying on it .
mike was sitting on the floor , morosely picking up squashed apple slices , brushing them off and eating them .
she let herself into the lauders ' back hall , which was dark , cool , and fragrant - mrs . lauder 's cold - pantry opened off the hall to the left , and for as long as frannie could remember there had been the good smell of dried apples and cinnamon back here , like pies dreaming of creation .
he did n't care much for the caviar - it tasted like cold fish jelly - but bateman also had a pepperoni , a salami , two tins of sardines , some slightly mushy apples , and a large box of keebler fig bars .
it hung from an apple tree that was gnarled but still green with lovely life .
they had n't been making very good time , not today , because of the apples .
the green apples .
they had found them growing on an old apple tree in a farmyard , green and small and sour , but they had both been deprived of fresh fruit for a long time , and they tasted ambrosial .
he made a horribly explicit gesture , drawing his thumb across his throat at the adam 's apple .
she put her old seamed forehead against the old seamed bark of the apple tree her father had planted so long ago and she wept bitterly .
both of them were curled into fists , as tight and hard as knots on an apple tree .
she 'd had five children by davy trotts ; one of them , maybelle , had choked to death on a piece of apple in the back yard of the old place .
she had gotten the chunk of apple out at last , but by then little maybelle had been still and cold , the only girl she had ever borne and the only one of her many children to die an accidental death .
a blueberry pie , two strawberry - rhubarb , and one apple .
she got them to spread her red - checked tablecloth on the far side of the apple tree and the two women , olivia and june , spread the picnic lunch while the men went off to pick corn .
there was an apple tree with a tire swing hanging from one of the branches .
he swallowed convulsively , his adam 's apple going up and down like a monkey on a stick .
he was an american man , she knew that , a man who would have a taste for milk and apple pie , a man who would appreciate the homely beauty of red check and gingham .
but for each individual cell there was the old , old question , the one that went back to the garden - did you eat the apple or leave it alone ?
over there , in the west , they were already eating them a mess of apple pie and apple cobbler .
over there , in the west , they were already eating them a mess of apple pie and apple cobbler .
harold 's consisted of a can of berry 's apple pie filling ; it was all he could bring himself to eat ) , when they entered the church of latter - day saints on lower table mesa drive .
he went around the corner of the handsome brick building that had once been a polling place in election years and up came the berry 's apple pie filling and he discovered that norris had been right : he really felt better without it .
they spread the white lawn tablecloth , which fran had glommed from the hotel boulderado , and moving with quick economy ( it made him feel strange to watch her supple grace as she bent and moved , as if there had never been a whiplash injury and sprained back at all ) , she set out their early lunch : a cucumber and lettuce salad dressed with vinegar ; cold ham sandwiches ; the wine ; an apple pie for dessert .
when they had both finished a token sandwich and most of the salad - the fresh greens had been delicious - and a small sliver of apple pie each , she said : ` ` when are you going ? ''
there was to be no blood or bruise above the adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple bobbed up and down like a monkey on a stick .
he found a welted abrasion just above his adam 's apple .
might end up picking the apples on the town 's land - oatley township 's got ... oh , i guess forty acres of good trees .
4 at another stall he gave up two knuckles of wood for an apple and a dipper of milk - the sweetest , richest milk he had ever tasted .
he had chosen this place to rest and eat his apple because it was here that the western road seemed to make its closest approach to that tower .
jack ate his apple , rested his tired feet , and wondered what that tower could be , standing out there all by itself in a field of rolling grass .
in fact , he might have been tempted to spend the night in the territories , if he 'd had anything to eat beyond the one apple .
he had gnawed the apple right down to the core , and without thinking about what he was doing or even taking his eyes off the tower , he dug a hole in the tough , springy earth with his fingers and buried the apple - core in it .
he had gnawed the apple right down to the core , and without thinking about what he was doing or even taking his eyes off the tower , he dug a hole in the tough , springy earth with his fingers and buried the apple - core in it .
maybe something big , maybe no more than tossing a rock ... or burying an apple core in the dirt .
part of jack sawyer wished that he could have gone home with big kindly buddy parkins , eaten dinner around the table in the kitchen with the parkins family - boiled beef and deep - dish apple pie - and then snuggled into the parkinses ' guest bed and pulled the homemade quilt up over his head .
the day before , he had tried to get them some late apples from a tree growing in the shade of an abandoned barn beside the road .
he had actually been in the tree and dropping shrivelled autumn apples into the front of his overalls when the wall - wasps , which had built their nest somewhere in the eaves of the old barn , had found him .
and still , with one eye completely closed and his nose beginning to resemble a large purple turnip , he had insisted that jack have the best of the apples .
this was , perhaps , a bad place in all worlds ... like a bad spot in an apple which goes all the way to the core .
jack had been running kegs of beer , carrying cartons , picking apples .
inside was the usual smorgasbord : nine unsolved sex murders in the desolate western half of nebraska ; a health - food guru who had been busted for kiddie porn ; a maryland housewife who had grown a squash that looked a bit like a bust of jesus christ - if you looked at it with your eyes half - closed in a dim room , that was ; a game paraplegic girl training for the big apple bike - a - thon , a hollywood divorce ; a new york society marriage ; a wrestler recovering from a heart attack ; a comedian fighting a palimony suit .
if the car got too full and it came to a choice between getting rid of her assistant or some of that photo equipment , digger reckoned there would be one pansy from the big apple trying to hitch him a ride back to the airport .
maybe you only locked up when you were going away on vacation if you lived in the sticks , and maybe you forgot to lock up once in awhile when you went to work if you lived in a small city like fargo , north dakota , or ames , iowa , but after you 'd been in the maggoty old big apple for awhile , you locked up even if you were just taking a cup of sugar to a neighbor down the hall .
the door looked like wood , but it was of course metal , as were all good apartment doors in the maggoty old big apple .
according to new york folklore , no one in the maggoty old big apple gave a shit what went down , as long as it did n't go down on them .
the rabbits , who never slept deeply in this city , this maggoty old big apple , would be waking up .
they were two armed , uniformed members of the maggoty old big apple 's finest , standing in a well - lit air - conditioned hallway on the twenty - sixth floor of a brand - new apartment building - or maybe it was a condo , who the fuck knew , when officers cautious and extremely were boys , a condo was something a guy with a speech impediment wore on the end of his dingus - and no one was going to creep up on them or jump out of the ceiling on top of them or hose them down with a magic uzi that never jammed or ran out of ammunition .
6 stark made a brief stop back at the east village ' efficiency ' to stuff his few belongings into the packsack he had bought in an army - navy store on his first day in the maggoty old big apple .
he saw neither the little drift of dead sparrows lying by the stoop , nor the live ones which now lined the roofpeak of the house and sat in the apple tree by the garage , watching him silently .
later that evening , sitting in the bedroom of her apartment and watching bette davis play a bitchy career woman on the late movie , some of these thoughts had come back to her and she paused with her teeth sunk into an apple , rather shocked at her own unfairness .
she suddenly realized she was sitting in an apartment by herself late at night , eating an apple and watching a movie on tv that she cared nothing about , and doing it all because it was easier than thinking , thinking was so boring really , when all you had to think about was yourself and your lost love .
while the sauce simmered , he had dashed around the corner to get some wine and had come back with two bottles of apple zapple .
' me personally , now , whenever i get me a piece of mom 's apple pie , i make it my business to shit on it . '
his mom had fixed him home - baked beans and apple pie for dessert and had clucked over how thin he was getting .
ah , but do n't hurt him - do n't kick over the apple cart -'i sound like a human being , ' greg said , ' and you sound like a pig in a grease - pit , boy .
stillson was wearing faded jeans and a two - pocket army fatigue shirt with the words give peace a chance embroidered on one pocket and mom 's apple pie on the other .
' they 're bums , rotten apples , hairbags .
their vampire group wanted a closer tie with us , and one way to do that was for sampson to audition as my new pomme de sang - apple of blood , like a kept mistress .
` ` can i talk plainly without upsetting the political apple cart here ? ''
she smiled at me , and it was the smile that eve must have used in the garden of eden ; want a bite of apple , little girl ?
how do you like them apples , young meester ?
` ` too bad it was n't an apple tree , huh ? ''
his adam 's apple bobbed convulsively , and i saw that he was scared green .
they ' ve run through peach - pit men and shoppingbag masks and apple dolls and now mr . mcvey is showing him how to make pipe - cleaner men . ''
the radio warned islanders and main - landers alike not to trust the ice , but stewie mcclelland and russell bowie took stewie 's bombardier skiddoo out anyway after a long afternoon spent drinking apple zapple wine , and sure enough , the skiddoo went into the reach .
gardener had been sitting cross - legged like one of those yoga masters on a dirty swatch of tarpaulin , eating an apple and drinking a beer .
bozeman did n't see how anyone could eat an apple and drink a beer at the same time , especially in the morning , but gardener was doing it .
that little smile never left his lips . -- -andwhile the late steamer big missouri worked and sweated in the sun , the retired artist sat on a barrel in the shade close by , dangled his legs , munched his apple , and planned the slaughter of more innocents .
the waiter 's adam 's apple went up and down like a monkey on a stick .
not pandora 's box , not a divine apple tree .
a monstrous image suddenly filled gardener 's head : grammarschool kids heading off to school armed with books and uzis and smurfs lunch - boxes and m-16s and apples for the teachers they liked and fragmentation grenades for those they did n't .
if he did n't get moving right now , he was going to bake like an apple .
the minds of the arriving tommyknockers were turned toward the shed , and they thought baked apple he 's baked inside the shed dead in the shed right yes good .
not when you see the common from lantern drive and the country club , not when that view is part of what you paid for , along with the private schools which teach computer programming on banks of brand - new apples and trs-80 's , and the relatively clean air , and the quiet at night .
you sniff for the name of the fellow in town who owns land but owes money , the fellow who has no great love for the town or for town ordinances , the guy who posts his apple orchards during hunting season out of pure orneriness c because he 'd rather let the deer have his apples than let the hunters have the deer .
you sniff for the name of the fellow in town who owns land but owes money , the fellow who has no great love for the town or for town ordinances , the guy who posts his apple orchards during hunting season out of pure orneriness c because he 'd rather let the deer have his apples than let the hunters have the deer .
when he was done he risked taking three of fander 's empirin , reasoning that he was putting them on top of a turkey club sandwich , french fries , and a wedge of apple pie that had tasted quite a bit like stale asphalt .
it was an apple pie .
then he filled in the information on the flap of the folder , dropped it into the express return box , and flew back to the apple . '
1959 was over thirty years gone , but buddy holly was still a gawky twenty - three - year - old who looked seventeen , his eyes swimming behind his glasses and his adam 's apple bobbing up and down like a monkey on a stick .
roger had an old ulcer - a battle scar from his years in the big apple advertising wars -and when he and althea lost the baby the ulcer had flared up again , turning him into a closet gelusil chugger .
' the little one is off making beaded loincloths or shooting apples off the heads of counselors with his little bow and arrow ... or whatever they do ... and hubby is busting heavies at the office ... and now is the time for castle rock 's prettiest hausfrau and castle rock 's resident poet and tennis bum to make all the bells of sexual congress chime in lovely harmony . '
she went to stand by the apple tree beyond the double clothesline , and tad knew from her posture - her legs spread , her head down , her shoulders in slight motion - that she was crying .
' oh , just think , ' roger said , grinning maliciously , ' we 'll be in the apple tomorrow night .
his adam 's apple went up and down rapidly , like a mechanical bear on a stick .
but her face was the worst ; it was like a hideous baked apple .
because she remembered red throwing a green apple at her one day , hitting her in the face , making her nose bleed , making her cry .
carla had brought mostly canned goods to their sanctuary , but also some perishables ; the beef patties and buns , pre - made potato salad and crisp apples .
like the apple ? ''
i m thinking tom might like some of those leftover pork chops if we put some of that apple glaze on them .
he stopped at the barrel beside the barn door and picked out an apple .
she scanned the colorful leaves on the trees and thought of having an apple tree .
shed always wanted an apple tree where she could pick fresh apples in her own yard .
shed always wanted an apple tree where she could pick fresh apples in her own yard .
do you have any apple trees out there ?
when i was a little girl , i hoped to make fresh apple pie for my husband .
well , if there are nt any apple trees out there , ill make sure to plant some , he quickly said .
he s planting apple trees for me , jessica told margaret .
its just nice to have fresh apples , that s all , jessica quickly answered .
after all , he had planted apple trees for her .
it was just a matter of time before she used those apples for baking .
i even made apple pie .
look , machine , i know a rutabaga and i know an apple and that s a rutabaga .
plus , who s ever heard of a three pound apple ?
not like all that bloody nonsense about if the apple is being observed or if one is observed by the apple .
not like all that bloody nonsense about if the apple is being observed or if one is observed by the apple .
a woman with an apple pie and 7 dwarves also attack the pcs .
woman with apple pie : rr 17 or sings and summons killer animals damage 3d6 subdual ( knock out ) hp 24 gold : 1,000 speed : 3 xp : 2,000 .
they show off their babies like they just baked their first apple pie .
actually , none of them could bake an apple pie , but they can have a baby .
for lunch i had peanut butter crackers and an apple .
the messenger left the room and captain reynolds picked up an apple from the fruit bowl .
if only this apple was the kings head , he snarled .
ready - to - harvest corn waited in fields next to the road alongside trees with apple red and banana yellow leaves that were soon to be pulled off by the rough autumn winds .
why he might be down at the roadside fruit stand admiring the melons and apples .
i brought two pies in for you to taste , a coconut cream and a dutch apple , but flo said she knew you would like them so she went ahead and started selling them to the customers .
an apple , pear , peach , banana , dead buzzard , or whatever never falls far from the tree .
four of the students were eating : one nibbling a muffin ; one chewing noisily on an apple smuggled out from breakfast in one of the dorms ; one breaking a bread roll .
` ` this is in like the newspaper that defends the right of students to take apples out of the dining hall ? ''
their favourite play thing was an apple seed that louie had found and dried on the stove so that it had gone hard and bouncy .
the little bees would take turns at hiding the apple seed then the other would have to find it .
louie had brought the dried apple seed with them .
the game of hide the apple seed was on the go .
she has a face like a baked apple , shiny and wrinkled .
the hall smells of rotting apples and burnt fish .
shari took the apple out of the group , with a definite grudge .
he began to cut up two apples in no time flat , but then he realized he did n't need too .
one : the love apple the fat whore told jokes to relax her customers , laughing as she stretched her pink knickers , flesh marked , indented , a script elastic , moulded to her thighs and belly the impressions of too tight silk and cotton .
the fact of his ruddy complexion , under the beard , the result of a debilitating bashfulness , was neither here nor there to the love apple .
i do nt follow said the love apple , maintaining eye contact , his navet feigned and with the aim of discomforting the woman , his motives entirely mischievous and altogether , he imagined , puerile .
the love apples sweat glands guttered , the descending moisture a torture of extremes , once more cold and hot as the fluid raced down his sides , finding refuge in his socks .
three : other earths tabulated the love apple believed in mathematics .
happily ensconced in the whores keep , it was a commission the love apple could have done without .
several onlookers fainted , but not the bride , though what she was still doing here the love apple did nt know .
on each rock an inky pillar , a piece of fruit : apples , bananas , pears , drupes the size of castles , great fleshy edifices whose worms beavered away like monkeys at typewriters , little interested in the world below their feet ; smoke rising from chimney stalks and skins shimmering under the fitful , varicoloured light .
the love apples once betrothedhe had nt thought of her since shed failed to return , twelve months now and not a word .
roman candles , jumping jacks and bangers , all manner of pyrotechnic mischief visited upon the earth , the sky bright with saltpetre and roasted metal , the cat under the bed and the love apple - christened such by the nurse who d made him blush so many years ago - in the emergency ward .
they had only tissue to grip , whereas the crow bearing the love apple had a cotton - polyester mix .
x - rays revealed nothing , but to the love apple there were obvious cracks .
irked , it seemed , by something the love apple could nt put his finger on .
the love apple just sulked .
the love apple felt only the heat of her loins .
support , the love apple intoned , is vital .
the love apple often came out this way .
there was a chill wind like breaththe breath of the anti - claus , the love apple was reminded , a story of childhood terror welling up from his shins ; christmas in hell courtesy of an aunt who mainlined speed and necked pernod , the smell of aniseed vomit - inducing santa claus the bastard , and his kick - arse reindeer !
toward a pylon , a mile hence , radiating messages in a language unrecognizable to anyone in a vegetable state , pulses intangible to a closed mind , one with no doors , only shutters , electromagnetic voices across a vista of ash , beech and oak , silent words the love apple interpreted as kind but which might as easily be cruel , like a girls smile .
disgruntled , the love apple stated , eyes misted over like the true believer .
hell , the love apple realized ; a place where nobody could be trusted .
himself of course , wherever he was , the love apple , michael tomatoes as he was properly called , christened such by parents who d died , retiring early to their graves on account of lung cancer ( father ) and ( mother ) a falling safe .
the love apple visited the bar .
something occurred to the love apple .
he needed to fall in love and did , at a checkout , the love apple flushed , all thoughts of columbine packed away in an attic and all thoughts of a robotic heritage displaced , forgotten along with missing humours and the proximity of the devil , mr unger - farmer or whoever at his door a revelation he failed to comprehend .
and shed coped with michael himself , her infuriating love apple discovered in a skip amid mouldy seat cushions , a lampshade on his head .
in one , nothing but plastic containers , bottles , receptacles of every shape and size emptied of contents and scrubbed of labels in preparation for some plastic montage of vessels ; a yet to be seen work of the love apples contrivance , title unknown , purpose unspecified .
the elevators bronze fittings winked seductively as he circled , but the love apple had chosen his means of ascent .
the love apple hummed internally , current passing through old valves .
there was his apple tree , his apples , his trellis .
there was his apple tree , his apples , his trellis .
they made him the artist he was , sylvester appreciated , oddments and trophies , some of which were representative of people , places or events , most of which were nt ; curiosities discovered on beaches and under benches , hidden or lost ; treasures collected and thereafter employed as his inspiration , the motive force behind his artistic ego , the love apple of his creation who at times seemed like an entirely separate being .
sylvesters paintings bore the love apples moniker .
alcohol burned , as did tuxedos and tablecloths , bright shirts and party - poppers , flags , pennants and folded napkins , representations of cliques and chickens , heraldic devices consumed , origami transmuted to ash , those still animate running , some headless , all affected by chemical processes , internal conflagrations and external attack , the love apple sharp and melted in the midst of a flaming cake , its remains dissolving and his fingers stripped to the bonemetalglass the fire he d unleashed was green .
as the saying goes , some apples do nt fall far from the tree .
edgar , an apple in hand , stared back .
he sat on the sofa and bit the apple .
edgar held his head in both hands and weaved towards them , blood down his frank sinatra sweat - shirt , blood and apple juice and spittle .
he bit into his apple .
maria is princessas stepsister and the apple of her father doms eye .
the lady opened the bag and pulled free a glistening apple .
giving him an apple ?
she reached for the apple .
i managed to feed reese a couple of apple slices without him noticing .
i read the list of pies on the menu board , seriously debating between pecan and apple , visualizing how each would taste .
i asked for a latte and a slice of apple pie .
the cheddar - and - apple cupcakes ' table had been decorated with a poster depicting newton being hit on the head with an apple while eating a grilled cheese sandwich ; the fondue cupcake , a chocolate bottom with swiss filling topped with strawberry frosting , had a 60s fondue party theme .
the cheddar - and - apple cupcakes ' table had been decorated with a poster depicting newton being hit on the head with an apple while eating a grilled cheese sandwich ; the fondue cupcake , a chocolate bottom with swiss filling topped with strawberry frosting , had a 60s fondue party theme .
i examined the apple cheddar cupcake , which was dressed up like a pie , with cheddar frosting making a latched pattern over apple slices , and a small triangle of cheddar on top .
i examined the apple cheddar cupcake , which was dressed up like a pie , with cheddar frosting making a latched pattern over apple slices , and a small triangle of cheddar on top .
i like the fresh crispness of apple , with the sharp cheddar and sweet cake .
peach or apple ?
i dumped them in and added apple bubble bath .
i brought some ham and cheese sandwiches he set one in front of me apple slices he took out another rolled up chunk of tinfoil and i thought we could drink .
i set mine aside and decided to nibble on the apple slices instead .
taking an apple from the edge of the pile because i was pretty sure that his fingers had nt molested those yet , i took a bite and then spat it into my hand .
it was nt tartthe stuff was just as bitter as the apples .
caleb ordered two hot chocolates and a hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream , which we shared in a small booth at the back .
i watched as he took a sip of his hot chocolate and finished the last bite of our apple pie .
i was hoping you could come over and show me how to make an apple pie ?
we made an apple pie then , too .
molia , i thought you could cut up some apples ?
moo did nt look up from the apples she was slicing .
i watched his jaw work and his adams apple bob with each swallow .
her america was firmly wedged in a belief that the morals and prudence of the ill - remembered 1950s were what the founding fathers had envisioned for the new millennium ; a wholesome , god , mom and apple pie slice of americana , where leave it to beaver was nt so much a sitcom , but a well preserved documentary of its time .
a half eaten apple flew past her head and the crowd burst into thunderous laughter .
he tossed another apple to the screaming girl sitting next to him and she hurled it violently towards the dais .
he looked up from his puzzle and saw a very angry woman covered in chewed up apple glowering back him .
i ca nt show up after twenty - five years looking like a half - eaten apple pie .
the lump in throat was dry as a bone and felt like a razor as it bobbed around his adams apple .
the lump that had formed in anadas throat made a quick jump across the room and landed squarely in frankies adams apple .
as she landed with a thud onto a thick pile of leaves underneath , she knew how the apple felt when it hit newton .
once , as a boy , thorp had climbed an apple tree .
the plumpest apples were always at the top , red and green and lovely as they winked at him in the sun .
he reached with his arms and pushed with his feet , ascending through ranks of leaves and lesser fruits , his gaze locked onto one apple right at the top , bending the branch from which it sprang .
the apple loomed large , its shape perfect , its texture smooth and taut , its rosy hue the sole focus of his mind as his body moved upward against a gravity that would not be denied .
his own flesh leaned and strained toward the apple that was his heart 's desire .
staring now at the moon , full even in the blue of day , he was reminded of that apple .
but she had that apple glow in her cheeks .
all but the apple tree were dusty having spent the intervening years packed into boxes in his subconscious .
it was n't the happy apple tinge of memory , or the soft glow of the face he 'd fallen in love with on a rooftop an ever - expanding universe from here .
her face was as red as a tomato , a love apple whose cheeks he dare not touch , whose flesh he was as close to now as he had ever been , the wind in the branches the draught from the caf doors , the moment that before his own precipitous fall ... henry captured it using a borrowed polaroid .
indeed , said jaggers , now flipping the skull about on his arm , like that trick you do with an apple , rolling it down your arm and popping it up in the air .
the rat rubbed its face in reply and turned its attention to an apple .
her lady apples .
` ` might i appeasssssse you with an apple ?
meanwhile a nosy squirrel has got his beady little eye on an apple .
'' give us that apple ! ''
because mister vanilla is unfeasibly large and the old oak tree unimaginably old , several of the branches that are supporting his weight are creaking and moaning so loudly the squirrel drops his ill - gotten apple to cover his tufty little ears with his paws .
he can sell these at the little apple bookshop just down high petergate .
yo - yo peers through the window of the little apple bookshop .
bottles break , chip butties fly , apples are hurled , curtains come down , planks are ripped up , punches are thrown .
the blade digs in behind yo - yo 's adam 's apple .
her basket is full of ripe apples and bread . ''
there is a man with a yellow beard and a green tunic cutting teeth in an antler comb and , sitting on a wall , a blond guy in an orange cloak eating an apple and waving a knife .
she has spread out a red - and - white checked tablecloth and placed upon it sausage rolls in flaky pastry , vol - au - vents with creamy mushroom fillings , pork pies , sliced hard - boiled eggs , diced cucumber chunks , halved tomatoes , salmon and cottage - cheese sandwiches , ginger beer , lemonade , apples , oranges and chocolate mini - rolls .
he loved the smells of cardamom and coffee and the smell of apple or aniseed from the pipes .
oranges , aubergines , onions , apples bounced around him .
the apples teased his tongue .
he then mounted an old apple crate the fruiter had thrown to the curb as rubbish .
whilst standing tall upon the apple crate , he would belt out haughty words in boisterous and condescending fashion .
by the time the captain had made the insane request that the deckhand swab the deck with salt - less seawater , a small crowd had gathered around timmys apple cart .
todays wages included a pocket watch with a rusted chain , a porcelain dish with a chipped edge , several large and ornate buttons , a pounds worth of shillings , and quite a number of loaf crumbs , apples , and slightly past - their - prime grapefruits .
over a meal of green apples , hard biscuits dipped in thin olive oil , and rainwater , the partners began to formulate and fashion wild ideas into acts of bewildering burlesque .
he had been incarcerated after stealing apples from thornberry orchard , a crime that , in and of itself , was a minor offense .
but stealing the apples was only the first mistake .
it struck the apple farmer square in the unmentionables , dropping him in a heap .
while apple stealing held a punishment of two - weeks indentured servitude , mule murder was a mandatory six - year prison sentence .
ok , the next band up was bad apple , so that means the drummer would be dressed in overalls , isabella said .
there was some commotion as the band gathered that bad apple had been pushed down in the order while they waited for their drummer and that jake had returned only just in time .
they joined the crowd at the main stage to listen to bad apple play and wait the results of the judging .
and did you vote for bad apple too ?
it gave the impression of a quartered apple , which was hastily reassembled with the pieces not quite in alignment .
his minds eye could see them throttling each other ; their hands wrapped around each others throats ; thumbs pressed on adams apples until capillaries broke in their eyes , and the weaker of the two hoarsely whispered , no mas .
helen returned with ricos beer , a block of cheese , some apples and pears , a box of crackers , and a knife .
for dessert , he d cooked an apple pie , and then rallied the energy for homemade vanilla ice cream .
to the north , past the undulating acreage devoted to apple orchards , the gentle ruggedness and outstanding breweries of mes grands amis du qubec awaited my occasional pilgrimage .
at one point , in what was an impressive display of aggressive tactics , i suffered passage through a gauntlet of dried cornstalks held forth by a contingency of elderly women who seemed intent on connecting the lengthy plucked shoots with my adam 's apple .
the absence of froggy -- impaneled indefinitely on a grand jury in new york state -- allowed us a civilized visit highlighted by conestoga 's spotting a pair of bald eagles on the east side of the old apple orchard .
an apple desktop with tv card insert and monitor .
brown sauce was one of the ingredients ; so was brandy , vodka , fresh fruit , lemons , limes , orange , an apple , vindaloo sauce , monkey testicles , cannabis , the irish constitution , war , cinnamon , tomato , mashed bananas , and a half - bottle tequila .
nevertheless , i ate all of it , probably , and probably returned to my room with an apple .
the whole building was so pristinely white it reminded me of an enlarged apple store .
she was very light , almost half the weight of an apple .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
i have no idea where she picks these things up , said a glum lady marlebone , she s normally the best of daughters , the apple of her fathers eye .
he put an apple in his mouth and began to search his pockets for the money .
asked dickie between his apple .
dickie picked up an apple and sat down beside him to watch the children .
dickie took a bite of the apple .
he continued to munch on his apple .
cloud swallowed nervously and lee caught the movement of his adams apple .
the door opened and her friend lanai appeared smiling carrying a platter of eggs with broiled potatoes , shrimp , watermelon , apple and pineapple pieces , along with a mug steaming hot earl grey tea .
her breasts were apple shape perfect , her waist slim , her legs long , her bum firm and perky , her features refined , her light brown hair thick and shiny , and her gait athletic .
clarity turned around , letting her firm , apple shaped , breasts receive tropical sunshine for several minutes , bringing her nipples to attention .
over here , he once supped finely on french pat wines ; and there , out there on the terrace he had spent a hazy summers evening with the boys , shooting at apples with an air rifle .
the cage looked like it was a big balloon , made of wheel strips bent together into a small cage form , more like a big apple than anything else .
however , his head remained intact and landed three blocks away in an apple tree .
i hope you wo nt judge all of us because of one bad apple .
after spit helped steady him , cargo apologised and walked off , stopping to pause and stare at the shiny apple stand in the lobby while securing spits wallet into his empty cargo zip pocket .
deciding against taking an apple , cargo slunk off to the lift .
montana reached for her jeans , showing her backside to clarity , and held an apple iphone in her hands .
clarity looked at the perfect breasts of montana while one of the women gave her an intimissimi dentelle bra fitting her thirty six , apple shaped breast size .
clarity walked to the night table of one of the twin beds and noticed a moving picture of bakal inside an apple ipad .
when the tots started getting all hairy and growing adams apples , virg slunk back to his hometown .
we were driven to represent the pervasive condition that plagues the big apple : that sinking impression of being utterly alone , when pressed into a crowd full of people .
it was not hard to imagine her at home wearing an apron and baking a hot apple pie or maybe teaching in a one - room schoolhouse out on the prairie .
the twin barrels sank into his neck just above his adams apple , the other end was firmly wedged below harveys expensive belt .
stick an apple in my mouth and roast me .
cheese sandwich , a bottle of water and an apple .
i pushed my glasses farther up my nose , purposefully wearing them instead of contacts , and turned to gather my sweater and my bag ; the bag contained two fresh apples and the last of the summer peaches i could find at the market .
i know you said not to bring anything , but i picked up some apples and peaches from the sunday market .
i held out an apple to him as proof then tucked it back into my bag .
you do nt like apples ?
in 2010 , they decoded the apple genome , which led to new understandings of disease control and selective breeding in apple production .
chapter nineteen suds and hallucinations the failure of tomatoes , apples and figs to cross is not some magical property , but comes from descent with modification .
his youngest daughter , the apple of his eye , committing such an unnatural act !
he saw himself envelop her in his arms and bury his face in her soft hair smelling of apples and sunshine .
he wore a garment that had a bright collar made of a climbing sling , clipped together by a jewelled crest beneath his adams apple .
another utterly credible version of this story has four apples speared by the flying pitchfork , finding fertile earth , where they grew into diseased fruit trees in throop park that rained down wormy apples on park - goers .
another utterly credible version of this story has four apples speared by the flying pitchfork , finding fertile earth , where they grew into diseased fruit trees in throop park that rained down wormy apples on park - goers .
the catafalque rye whiskey 1 part brandy 1 part dark rum 1 sugar cube 1 maraschino cherry dark chocolate shavings 1 splash apple cider vinegar 1 pinch cayenne 1 egg yolk 1 egg white 1 sprinkle cinnamon part kahlua or coffee liquor 1 dash secret ingredient ( some use licorice , wood - shavings , saltpeter or turmeric ) directions : combine all alcohols ; beat in yolk .
i had brought a picnic lunch for that mostly toothless man which included apples , nuts , crackers , and an assortment of cheeses .
this is definitely a two - martini minimum piece of news , leannie said as she prepared the shaker with a round of apple martinis .
she reached into the refrigerator , pulled out an apple , cut a couple of slices off , and put them into her jacket pocket .
i know they like apples , joye said .
joye gently dropped one of the apple slices through the cage end .
the skunk sniffed the apple and began snacking on it .
he continued snacking on the apple slice and we began our walk .
that s why i brought more apple slices , joye explained .
ill open the trap door and place an apple slice inside the house through the doggie door with the opening of the trap through the opening of the doggie door .
the skunk will climb out on his own to get the apple slice and go into the house .
joye and kim backed away from the skunk in the cage and watched as he calmed down after a few minutes and finished off the slice of apple .
joye showed the slice of apple to the skunk and then pushed the apple through the doggie door and into the kitchen after she propped the skunks cage onto the edge of the doggie door .
joye showed the slice of apple to the skunk and then pushed the apple through the doggie door and into the kitchen after she propped the skunks cage onto the edge of the doggie door .
i d like a caramel apple martini , i said .
i think this is an apple martini , not a caramel apple martini , i said .
i think this is an apple martini , not a caramel apple martini , i said .
i leaned against the tree , took a sip of the caramel apple martini , and contemplated the situation .
when they arrived on saturday night i felt like it was christmas morning when i was in the fourth grade and i opened a brand new candy apple red unicycle .
there s nothing like hot , spiced apple cider to shake the creepy from your bones after meeting someone like flopsy wopsy around the halloween season .
lucys warm - you - to - the - bones spiced cider 1 gallon fresh apple cider 3 tablespoons cinnamon 3 cinnamon sticks 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1 teaspoon ground cloves hot damn liquor ( optional ) combine all ingredients except for the hot damn in a crock pot .
she had never tasted a sour blackberry , picked by the side of the roadonly the pale , mushy apples that grew in the hydroponicarium .
peon , a sliver of a man with a hawkbill nose and a chin that receded nearly to his adams apple , was running late the following morning .
no less than seven waiters glided to their assistance during the several courses of the meal that ended with apple pie , steaming hot and drizzled with dainty streams of swirled caramel .
sometimes his father said the assassins picked a few tomatoes and took them with them , the way the guys in the godfather took the cannolis after killing the snitch in the car , and sometimes his father said they ate the tomatoes right there , like apples , looking at the dead ex - nazi commander upon whom they had exacted vengeance .
one time he told the story he said one of the assassins went into the house , came out with a salt shaker , and sprinkled salt on the tomatoes he ate like apples while watching the nazi die .
and i am not the slightest bit surprised because the apple does n't fall far from the tree !
lunch bags with apple cores in them rained down on me .
they were tossing candied apples and pumpkin candy slices at each other like bombs and some of them were slugging each other and ripping clothes .
peter wears a tie with an apple on it .
clarity and montana observed the two men leaving the vehicle , to get inside the hotel and pay for two lavenue suites , which included a basket of apples , and a reservation for thirty five people at lsultan , the lebanese restaurant of the hotel .
i found a place to park in the back , off the gravel , and butted my datsun roadster into a knee - high field of grass that was on the perimeter of an old apple orchard .
tucked in the back of his violet thomas pink tie was an apple ipod nano .
the whole thing was really about as america and apple pie as it gets except for the fact that the vietnam situation made it hard for anyone to have a good time without feeling guilty about it , especially after the tet offensive earlier in the year had effectively proved the optimists wrong .
so , on a saturday night in march of 1979 , roger woke up and went into the kitchen to get some apple juice .
no longer interested in apple juice , roger ran back to his room and wished his mother was there , but she was visiting his grandparents in arizona .
it was quickly consumed by the girls who clearly were in no shape to tell the difference between quality french champagne and martinellis sparkling apple cider .
she was nt very happy about being pelted by apples by the talking tree , played by trunky tracy , and i thought the wicked witch a little over - zealous in her encouragement , yelling harder !
you know where to find me when you get tired of eating apples and celery sticks ; when you re tired of ` ` working out '' and counting calories .
or the person who tells you that fifth apple fritter might be a bad idea considering you need help to tie your shoes .
the commando turned around , looked at the vodka thief , closed his eyes , took a deep breath , and.in a single focused effort of will power.snapped the handcuffs apart , snapped each handcuff from the chain around his waist , crouched , and flicked out his right leg and foot , catching the flunky in his adams apple and crushing his larynx .
i had planted a blackberry bush by the shed wall and a small apple tree at the side of the house .
the berries and jams were from allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all .
is she still apple shaped ?
i was just bagging apples when my cell phone rang .
marissas eyes were pink and her cheeks like two winter apples .
you reach for an apple in your fruit bowl and find that its full of gala apples , which you only kind of like , and you re pretty sure that this time you had only bought granny smith apples ; where then did the gala apples come from ?
you reach for an apple in your fruit bowl and find that its full of gala apples , which you only kind of like , and you re pretty sure that this time you had only bought granny smith apples ; where then did the gala apples come from ?
you reach for an apple in your fruit bowl and find that its full of gala apples , which you only kind of like , and you re pretty sure that this time you had only bought granny smith apples ; where then did the gala apples come from ?
you reach for an apple in your fruit bowl and find that its full of gala apples , which you only kind of like , and you re pretty sure that this time you had only bought granny smith apples ; where then did the gala apples come from ?
ill tell you where the apples came from , i said .
you re the one who said , oh my keys almost did nt fit in my door and i had to buy a different brand of apple juice once so i killed a man .
so are many oranges and apples , although it is called food - grade wax in those cases , because some kind of sticky beetle poop we scraped off a tree does nt sound as tasty .
harold sat kristin down and fixed her a real breakfast of apple honey pancakes and coffee .
in a spit second , with remarkable physical reactions , roger crashed his right forearm into the adams apple of the kid on the rollerblades .
this involved climbing an apple tree -- and being careful not to destroy any of the blossoms -- then leaping to the roof , spiderman style , and finally balancing on two of the spokes in that rope wheel -- one of which had actually been wrapped around a swamp cooler -- while crossing to the hub .
mitchell nodded then left the room , returning a few minutes later with a glass of apple juice with a bendy straw inserted .
mark wanted apple juice with a large cup of ice , jake wanted a red bull and a large dr . pepper .
brad bolted out the door and returned a few moments later with the mostly full bottle of apple juice from the gas station so many hours ago .
how you like them apples ? ''
i hate when people who do n't have apple products try to tell you how much better their product is .
it 's so annoying because , ya know , their product sucks and they 're obviously too poor to buy an apple so they have to talk their piece of shit up .
you 're still only three apples high .
` ` yes , mr . apples .
` ` a few bad apples '' , he moaned .
everyone shouting out the seconds as his adams apple worked .
endangered species in the face of onstar computers and apples introduction of the ieverything .
she had apples in her cheeks and a cheery smile .
the large one , who wore a floral dress , was gingerly attending to the corner of a piece of apple pie like a cat playing with a mouse before it kills it .
our minds were like sponges , and those of us who were raised alongside atari and the apple iie computer were well ahead of the curve .
by the time the apple iie computers were obsolete , along with windows 3.1 , i was just entering high school .
the cream colored valance , patterned with green and red delicious apples , needs to be washed .
like apples and potatoes , it 's stocked with local farm raised cows and pigs , with a few chickens and turkeys roaming around .
` ` apple juice ? ! ''
` ` you put me through all that for apple juice ?
` ` hey momma , '' ruthie says , stretching out of the couch eating an apple .
he makes his own get back delights : apple slices covered in alfalfa and sprinkled with sugar .
our audience coos their delight and turns away , on a treasure hunt for apples missed by the others .
cor blimey guvnor ; apples and pears ; oi , oo yu lookin ' at , matey ?
alice smiled to herself , bathing in the warm spray and fragrant apple shampoo .
how about if i eat one bite of meat and one bite of apple . ''
that s b - r - a - t , which stands for bananas , rice , apples and toast .
must have been the spiced apple rings .
i found a half - gone jar of spiced apple rings , you know , the red ones that make your teeth pink ?
its b - r -a - t for bananas , rice , apples and toast .
white vinegar for my salad is actually clear sour apple juice .
he tried three different versions at three different restaurants , and despite what he d read in the new york times about the virtues inherent in the renaissance in southern cooking , he doubted the dish ever would gain traction in the big apple .
when ma made her dozen apple pies , she 'd ask me to ask mrs . burkowski for some apples .
when ma made her dozen apple pies , she 'd ask me to ask mrs . burkowski for some apples .
mrs . burkowski always refused , so i stole the apples from her tree , but never told ma .
ma would then give me a baked pie for the lady , as a thank you for the apples .
he could hide among the mcintosh apples .
he waited in the shadows until the guard entered his booth for a nap , then he rushed to the crate of apples .
it was an easy matter to pry a couple of planks open , sufficient to collect and discard dozens of apples .
it was rather lumpy and not very comfortable , but the apples were delicious .
he lay back , gnawed on another apple and fell asleep until he felt the movement of the ship .
when i pulled out the apple pie i had brought from home , she ate three pieces .
between the grilled cheese and the apple pie we made love .
i m not the apple of anybodys eye these days .
no , i mean she goes an drops another bag and all these apples of hers go rolling out into the street .
polydoor grinned , and jacobite turned the color of a granny smith apple .
even though my hotel rate covered breakfast i learned that the prolific varieties of fruit including 5 types of bananas various types of mango , papaya , ( red and orange ) and some unusual types such as custard apples , were better than the soggy papaya at the hotel .
his many ex - girlfriends tend to favor the descriptive choice moniker of ` ` world 's giant douche - bag , '' but apples to oranges , i say .
besides , if they did n't move up and support him right away , sari would remove their important bits and replace them with granny smith apples .
once i got my scent normalized and ate an apple strudel off the kitchen table i felt better , and life went on pretty much as before , until the day robyn marched into the shop again .
mrs . purn screamed and leapt away as a branch with a hard knobby apple encased in streaks of bark drew back and then another branch with an eyeball within the folds of a pink blossom peered through .
all over its crown , where apples should have been , it instead had large veiny eyes that swiveled back and forth , searching for its prey .
then he turned to his friend and proceeded to think of a solution to superkid 's predicament -- preferably one that did n't involve him getting close to the evil apple tree .
before superkid could answer , the demented apple - and - eyeball tree gave a shriek to let them know it was still there and still a threat .
do we have more apple juice ?
well , i remember we had to be careful about apples and honey and fish and peanuts at some point in their infancy but no longer ; right ?
sam left his driveway and sped down apple creek drive .
well , if sins were stones , i d have a few pebbles , a couple of nice rocks the size of apples and one that could have broken off of a small planet , you know what i mean ?
` ` having to do with apples and noggins . ''
` ` see ; he even brought an apple for the registrar ! ''
` ` you call that an apple , you peasant ! ''
` ` this is an apple . ''
kate reached up into an apple tree .
kate dropped the apple , ran , and jumped in her car .
he was a tall thin man with an adams apple that protruded like a knot in a piece of rope .
do you remember how to make apple crumble and hospital corners ?
at that moment , the door of the diner opened as a group of laughing business types entered , ready to order their usual apple pie and crumble .
( image - old woman in a kitchen with floating apples , element - lost shoes , emotion - exuberance ) oh , i feel so exuberant !
i m making apple pie .
she potted around the kitchen , never really doing anything other than picking up apples and half peeling them .
do nt you think you ve got a few too many apples here for one pie ?
77 teds lucky cap jeff sat there in the dugout eating his apple baked gluten free oatmeal cake and stared out through his taped up presription glasses .
76 ( grudge 8 ) - a pink fairy armadillo , a mason jar , mount st . helen , a wii u 77 - a suit of armor , a pitchers mound , gluten free , lockes socks 78 - a poodle , a thimble , an alarm , birds as characters weekend quickie 24 - image - girl playing piano in ' room tornado ' , element - wolf , emotion - a change of heart weekend quickie 25 - image - marie laveau 's house of voodoo , element - mardi gras beads , emotion - curiousity weekend quickie 26 - image - meteor / comet over stonehenge at night , element - a message in a bottle , emotion - intrigue weekend quickie 27 - image - woman sitting on bed with a bear , element - a handsome newspapermans birthday , emotion - a feeling of anxiety brought on by the omission of a comma weekend quickie 28 - image - el rancho motel and restaurant sign at night , element - an arrowhead , emotion - serendipity weekend quickie 29 - image - palne docked on a pier on a beach , element - 5 iron writers , emotion - wanderlust weekend quickie 30 - image - highway 2 sign towards tijuana , element - yellow scorpion , emotion - indecision weekend quickie 31 - image - steampunk zepplin , element - bacon , emotion - optimism weekend quickie 32 - image - bakery , element - coconut cake for easter , emotion - inspired devotion weekend quickie 33 - image - tornado , element - the far away sound of someone singing , emotion - denial weekend quickie 34 - image - screaming couple with screaming baby , element - a tip from a waitress , emotion - distraction weekend quickie 35 - image - ` ` do n't go in the woods '' sign in the woods , element - an errand for your mother , emotion - suspicion weekend quickie 36 - image - ufo over a beach with girl and boy running , element - dandelion bracelet , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 37 - image - fireflies in a jar , element - timber rattler ( rattlesnake ) , emotion - nostalgia weekend quickie 38 - image - old woman in a kitchen with floating apples , element - lost shoes , emotion - exuberance weekend quickie 39 - image - ' mermaid ' / shark egg , element - cumerindine , emotion - inspiration from a song on the radio weekend quickie 40 - image - vw campervan at night , element - hitchhiker , emotion - hopeful excitement weekend quickie 41 - image - bowling alley lane and balls , element - a dare , emotion - disenchantment weekend quickie 42 - image - fireworks in washington , element - a feeling of independence , emotion - synesthesia weekend quickie 43 - image - people jumping from cliff into water , element - the summer after junior year at high school , emotion - determination weekend quickie 44 - image - shakespeare and company bookstore in paris , element - an artist , emotion - love at first sight weekend quickie 45 - image - 59th queensboro bridge , new york , element - a chance encounter , emotion - thrill weekend quickie 46 - image - alien baby , element - 5 years later , emotion - denial weekend quickie 47 - image - 2 people with snorkels in a lake , element - iron writer convention , emotion - irony weekend quickie 48 - image - fawn following boz to a standing school bus , element - a forgotten rule , emotion - prescience weekend quickie 49 - image - rollerskating inside venue , element - a saturday afternoon , emotion - intrigue other work by dani j caile all books are available on amazon ' dani 's shorts ' ( volume 1 ) ' dani 's shorts ' is a collection of 500 word short stories based on the elements given in the iron writer challenge .
any apple trees on the dunes ? ''
` ` they 're straw dummies with granny jones apples for heads . ''
` ` they 're very big apples , '' said chester .
i had the steak with all the trimmings and i could nt resist the apple pie for dessert .
kids ran everywhere , demanding that harried parents buy them caramel apples and fruit ciders and ice cream bars and all the various nonsense the smart farmers were peddling .
would you care for a caramel apple ?
they also bought apples and when she was nt looking , evan bought a mass - produced coffee mug in red that said , oregon is for lovers .
she does everything for you , from typing up fan letters to richard hatch to camping outside the apple store .
well , sometimes the apple falls close to the tree , and sometimes it falls off the tree and rolls down the hill into an open septic system .
black scruffy hair from his adams apple to his scalp , his blue eyes small holes cut from a shedding black sweater .
the cafeteria at kimpton almost toppled this apple cart of harmonic self - actualization , however .
many of us still remember going to school with little brown bags filled with a dutch loaf sandwich on white bread , a postage stamp sized bag of corn chips and an apple .
and when that happens , let me know what we can do to upset the colonial apple cart . ''
from the pudding closet came plumcake , treacle tart , apple dumplings , and about thirty kinds of custard .
he paused as emotion throttled his adams apple , since you ve been gone its the only thing that makes me feel alive nick got up , poured some beer over the headstone and tucked the marijuana and rolling papers into plastic wrapping which he buried beneath the soil at the foot of the marker .
then there were her two youngest daughters , lola and marta , sixteen and fifteen respectively , two giggly girls , but nonetheless so full of life that they were the apple of their mother 's eye .
the apple falls far from the tree .
gabe bit his apple , which was red and which he 'd purchased from a machine , and he found himself grimacing at the refrigerated stale taste of it .
he ate the fruit slowly , trying to imagine how it would feel to be eating it while on placidyl or dalmane , and he did n't notice any improvement in happy apple taste .
with apple butter , home - made by his mother .
` ` when you were seven , you fell out of an apple tree and chipped a tooth .
jerboa jenneting , dressed in an ill - fitting green sweater and best brown cords , looked at veda solemnly and told her that , in a recent survey , 51 % of a sample of 1000 householders preferred apple white paint on their skirting boards to any other colour , with ivory ( 42 % ) being the second choice .
i do n't believe you 're the king , '' she laughs , because it 's it 's the end j is for jabber jest joke jeu juggle josh jape jokerman junk journey jerboa n. small rodent of african deserts with long hind legs and great jumping powers jenneting n. kind of early apple joules n. units of work , or energy , amount of heat generated jewels n. precious stones julep n. a sweet drink , sometimes medicated [ from of , from arabic julab , from persian , gul ( rose ) + ab ( water ) jejune adj .
i 'll take care of that rotten apple . ''
baltheezer nodded , and , his long neck in more or less agreement with the rest of his stretched out bodily proportions , showed a very prominent and animated adam 's apple .
replied an amazed anisette , who , though congenial company and a snappy dresser , was n't the ripest apple in the bin .
` ` how you likin ' them apples , seor director ? ''
they later heard just what the director thought about ' them apples . '
when pappagallo , whose prominent adam 's apple stick figure profile conjured up images of icabod crane , ran at the van with his hand poised menacingly on the butt of his 9 mm glock , the sisters were at first terrified .
not an adam 's apple bounced nor a throat cleared .
mr . escalade 's voice remained silent , but his face had taken on the color of a late august ripe apple from elvis ' grandmother rattler sue 's orchard .
she came back a moment later with an apple , all de - skinned and chopped into wedges .
i bit into a piece of apple .
she brought out another apple and began pawing at me all over again .
i went to the fridge and bit into an apple .
like newtons falling apple , the fact that a conscious thought takes longer than an instinctive reaction may be the single most important scientific fact in the human world we all live in .
it explains everything from falling apples to how the universe works .
gravity falls out of their equations like apples fall from trees .
my personal favorite proposes that gravity does not exist at all and that its effects can be explained if you postulate that every particle in the universe is expanding at a fixed rate ( the rate that apples fall , natch ) .
the reason that scientists quit worrying about intelligent design was that they came up with an answer to the question that fell out of their string equations ( as gravity does ) like apples fall from trees .
like the give evolution enough time , and it can do anything theory , the give us enough universes , and we can explain anything theory is a true peach amongst fallen apples .
after the usual messing around with the computers , which never seemed to work as expected , especially since velicia insisted on using her apple products , while stanley was a microsoft man and bilj was strictly unix , the six attendees finally got to the point where they all could see and hear each other well enough , with not too many hiccups or delays .
some of them bear fruit , such as apples .
of course , there are those rotten apples , just as in every walk of life , which ruin the reputation of talking trees in the eyes of the world .
obviously , most of their time was spent walking , but every once in a while they would stop and eat some doughnuts or apples from the bushes in order to provide themselves with food , for they had brought none .
and while they did have some great conversations , and did acquire some advice , it was not until they reached the innermost regions of the forest , the oldest parts , that they began to really accumulate all sorts of wisdom from the trees , and even some apples to boot .
it might have been an apple .
do you want me to show you somethi .. don never got to finish his sentence as a toffee apple flew across the room and struck the back of his head .
spiritwind crouched next to him with a toffee apple in hand .
they chewed an apple in satisfaction at his thorough explanation .
that really is an apple sandwich .
an apple sat resolutely between two slices of bread .
you asked for a plain apple sandwich , nothing done to it .
spiritwind continued eating whilst holding the apple sandwich in the corner of his eye .
he considered it payback for the apple sandwich .
zarg pointed out the truth as a piece of apple escaped from his mouth .
i showed her again how to operate the lock and she removed a cheromoya fruit from her apple - green knapsack .
apples , apples , he seemed to be saying .
apples , apples , he seemed to be saying .
one apple per answer a man at the village center began asking the locals a variety of questionsbut they , being unable to answer most of them , referred the man to nasrudin .
nasrudin eyed a sack of apples the man was carrying and replied , ill answer each question for one apple .
nasrudin eyed a sack of apples the man was carrying and replied , ill answer each question for one apple .
the man agreed , asked the questions one by one , and paid an apple each timeeach of which nasrudin immediately ate while he answered the question .
finally , the man ran out of apples .
how did you eat so many apples ? .
since you have no more apples , nasrudin responded , i ca nt answer you .
ill give you that one since i almost made that mistake myself until i checked out the adams apple and that s always a good indicator of what you re dealing with if you re not too sure .
my lunch consisted of carrots , non - fat yogurt and an apple .
gooey apple pie in my fuzzy pajamas ?
but its apple pie .
i loved apple pie but she had a point .
or , its like adam and eve , you know , paradise is full of apples , full of snakes .
what i m saying , in a song like love for lorelei or the golden apples of the songnew stuff , you have nt heard it yet -- is that , here are my words , man , heres my life in words .
i pulled a couple of apples out of the fridge and handed them to her .
these oatmeal cookies are made with apple sauce instead of fat .
there was a big drop from basic grammar of the 2 - level classes to the vocabulary - study of 1 - level ; apple , orange , banana , car , road , boat , train ; in some senses the 1 - level classes were not much more valuable than ten hours of independent study , and although they were socially and in some other senses valuable , without question no 2 - level student should have dropped down to the first year classes .
dazzling cherry lipstick surrounded her huge white smile and her intense red cheeks looked like two big ripe apples .
i set down against the future farmers of america booth to think it over because i knowed i wanted to ride the ferris wheel and an it sure would be fun to eat one of them candy apples because momma said we could n't have 'em because they rot the teeth right outta your head .
i decided to walk around the whole carnivalit 's in a circle so i figured i 'd walk arount it oncet an then decide what was the best then go an do them but save a dime for a candy apple .
you wan na get a candy apple ?
after leaving the bedroom , brani had gone first to the larder , where he quickly stuffed his day bag with bread , strips of smoked meat , ale and some perfect late - season apples .
he had run alongside a cart one year and the children riding in it had thrown apples at him .
the episode had taught him to be cautious ; but the apples were good .
there was an abundance of ripe fruit , apples and strawberries and others jerian failed to recognise but which both he and udioe ate with zest .
its approach was heralded by limpid hues of yellow and orange , blue and green , as the mist was lifted like the hem of a skirt to reveal the spurious world of the living to the sallow countenances of the damned , their slack organs pulled taut like reins , their spirits intoxicated , imbued with a lust deeper than that for wine by a drunk , a bee for a flower rich in nectar , the glint and smell of honey as a promise on their swollen tongues as the hundred were goaded into the fray , apples shaken from a tree , their blood suffused with dire notes , sour music borne of an evil wind , helpless , like arrows from a bow , spears dipped as they rode towards their enemy .
the room was full of sacks of apples , the planks of its floor warped and knotted , the ground visible beneath , the height of a man separating his face from a stream into whose musical passage jerian manage to interpose a chorus .
taking an apple and biting into it , jerian opened the door , was swamped in brilliance .
he was fully absorbed by the to and fro , the messages and tales of wrists and elbows , shoulders and fingernails , a host of scrapings , drummings and inclines to speak of beer and boast of women and assignations ... on returning to the community he immediately sought out a broad variety of vegetables , carrots , leeks , potatoes and a quantity of oil , long - beans and cabbage and mushrooms to stew with the beef , the liquid a soup for his ailing mother , her pallid flesh in need of support , jerian himself chewing the meat for her to swallow , feeding her , head propped against a sack of apples , the breathing of the fruit to calm her chest , from his own bowl with his own spoon , that which his father had carved on his son 's birth , his coming into the world that was his the everlasting day , his father past , drowned , his mother taken sick having survived the flood the child recalled via the memory of snapping trees , his frail young body saved by its closeness to hers , sucking at her nipple through the storm .
the wind gorged on moisture , devouring the bubbling stream that ran under the stilted house of apples where he had thought to nurse his mother , she from whose dying womb he had sprung , whose ghost he had fed soup , a lie hidden amongst lies as the thirst of the wind sucked dry buildings and earth .
have you ever had apple pie for breakfast ?
lets have some , then , mrs . alice said as she cut slices of the apple pie and placed them on two plates , setting one out for elise on the kitchen counter .
emily unwrapped the plastic from two chicken salad sandwiches and placed them upon the table , and then laid out a large apple pie and two cans of coke .
no apple pies or plastic - wrapped chicken salad sandwiches on fancy crusty bread ?
i went out and sold apples on street corners to help my family from starving .
you know how connie is , she would be following me like a fruit fly around a apple if i walked up when she was still awake .
he was a tall , scrawny fellow with a large adams apple bobbing up and down when he talked .
lowell was so mesmerized by the bobbing adams apple that it took him awhile to realize the man never looked him in the eye for more than a split second every now and then .
the scrawny body , the pronounced adams apple , the ratlike eyes , the thinning brown hair : it was rett murray .
from the looks of that adams apple on his chickenlike neck , i d guess he had a vulture for an ancestor .
tall and skinny , pale , almost albino , with white - blond hair and blue eyes , possibly handsome except for a pockmarked face , a pronounced adams apple and a hooked nose from where it had been broken in a fight , he was a quiet , sullen young man , though he would have occasional bouts of motor - mouthing .
the waiter , a clean - shaven nervous man who dropped the fourth setting as he was taking it away from the table , got tea for natalie and his mother ; ed ordered apple juice .
he sipped his apple juice , finding it tepid .
his mother asked for more tea ; he still had his apple juice and natalie , as usual , drank water .
in addition they always kept a weeks supply of perishables in the refrigerator , milk , fruit and vegetables ; a bushel of apples was kept in the coolest place in the cottage , in the closet on the other side of the cottage from the woodstove .
for a salad fiona made a waldorf salad of apples , walnuts and raisins .
she also brought half a dozen apples , which were reluctantly but thankfully accepted .
one day in the same school yard a group of boys were teasing gary lewis , an awkward , homely boy with a huge adams apple that made his long neck look like the snake that swallowed a mouse in a nature film shown in class .
as they drank apple juice and ate a granola bar , she learned lowell had other plans as well .
taking a sip of apple juice , lucille said , it was an instinct , i m sure .
he s this tall , skinny guy , not handsome , with this huge adams apple and ratlike eyes .
the boy , named peter , brought food : bread made with honey , apples , onions cooked in butter until they were sweet ; all this from his mother who was also a new widow , who remembered that when her man had died that summer , it had been jamie who helped her get her hay in , and now she wanted to help his widow .
as the summer drew near its end , stillbird gathered wild berries and apples and other fruits that grew here and there as well as the wild onions and watercress and mint that had grown in abundance since spring .
and filled , too , with the fragrances of cooking with her mother , standing on a stool to reach the table to roll out the dough for strudel and sniffing the cinnamon , learning to knead the bread dough , redolent with the sweet strange smell of the yeast , secretly tasting on her finger the apple wine brewing near the wood stove .
during the years they d lived together alone in the big old house , both of them graying as it had grayed from weathering , the most frequent words between them were her buy cornmeal , flour , eggs , milk , broad beans , cowpeas , apples , mangoes , musk melons .
a great german poet kept rotten apples under his desk while he wrote .
there , they saw he had left a sprig of blooming plum , or perhaps apple .
she thinks of her cherry trees , of the pear tree and the apple trees and the coming harvest .
she gave him an apple , a peanut butter sandwich and a hunk of cheese , like the lunches his mother used to pack for him when he attended day school a hundred years ago .
the apple was soft but edible .
she remembered the alphabet book : a for apple , b for boy , c for cat and so forth .
it was 4 pm and robert had been up twelve hours and eaten only an apple and a potted meat sandwich .
she s so old she s wrinkled like one of them apple face dolls .
he had done many jobs in his lifegofer for a carpenter , plumbers assistant for one summer , yard and lawn work , sweeper in a factory , painter , apple picker , farmhand , handyman , and for four years he even worked on the line at a factory that made soles for shoes and boots until he got fired for stealing two screwdriversbut his best job and the one he felt most competent to do was lumberman .
luke kimball was a tall , gangly fellow with a long neck and prominent adams apple .
after declining an apple turnover , myron said , i saw angus at the library the other day .
this time myron accepted the apple turnover .
jenny arranged the sugar bowl , shaped like a big apple and with the handle of the lid fashioned to resemble a stem , and tossed the two tea bags into the wastebasket .
she got up and went to the same cluttered shelf where vernon had searched for matches and found a recipe marge manning had given her for baking apple bread .
they parked across the road from a rambling white farmhouse that had a large apple orchard and a produce stand .
gerry and myron had a second hamburger , which they washed down with apple juice , both being careful drinkers .
when they went over to where refreshments were available , they chose apple juice , not the wine that most of the people were drinking .
charlene , well have apple pie and ice - cream for the dessert tonightyour favorite .
uncle edward in one of his sermons suggested eve had tempted adam through sex to partake of the apple .
one of your friends says , lets steal some apples .
it was she who suggested they bob for apples , something the girls did reluctantly and the boys not at all .
i expect more than bobbing apples and charades .
what got them going was ted spilling his apple juice half - way through the meal .
... it is that time of year of rotting apples and early doom .
the leaves blew at my ankles in that whirlwind that always precedes a storm and i remembered the falls , so many falls year after year and the childs fall , the early days , the frightening frosted days of rotting apples and early doom saras journal the leafy vines that grew up the chimneys of old tudor houses wafted gently in the early october breezes .
kuboacomments @ gmail.com night holds a scythe a is for apple , and amelia .
the bank , he said brushing his index finger over his overly ripe adams apple .
if we give him an onion and say that it is a sweet apple , he eats it with pleasure , not even making a wry face , and so forth .
then i redid my kitchen in an apples and roosters motif ; i hand stencilled my floor in checkerboard and distressed it myself using glid - strip and steel wool .
he put my apple drawer pulls on my kitchen cabinets , which i 'd asked him to do months before .
i fed it the apples i 'd picked for my breakfast , then rushed back home to fetch bed sheets for use as bandages and a gallon of my thickest creosote for a poultice .
apple , orange , banana , pear , grape .
the skins of apple , pear and grape implored his roughened teeth to slice them , to swim in their succulence .
the small womans face changed from week to week , like one of those dried apple dolls ; you know , the ones that have crinkly withered features and are always dressed like fugitives from the ozarks .
16 sales pitch at the time of this writing , all books are in the process of conversion to e - book format and will be available for download world wide from smashwords.com in the following formats : -- kindle ( .mobi for kindle devices and kindle apps ) -- epub ( apple ipad / ibooks , nook , sony reader , kobo , and most e - reading apps including stanza , aldiko , adobe digital editions , others ) -- pdf ( good for reading on pc , or for home printing ) -- rtf ( readable on most word processors ) download -- lrf ( use only for older model sony readers that do n't support .epub ) -- palm doc ( pdb ) ( for palm reading devices ) -- plain text ( download ) ( flexible , but lacks much formatting ) -- plain text ( view ) ( viewable as web page ) view retailers : apple - if you have an ipad , iphone or ipod touch , download apple 's free ibookstore app , and then search there .
16 sales pitch at the time of this writing , all books are in the process of conversion to e - book format and will be available for download world wide from smashwords.com in the following formats : -- kindle ( .mobi for kindle devices and kindle apps ) -- epub ( apple ipad / ibooks , nook , sony reader , kobo , and most e - reading apps including stanza , aldiko , adobe digital editions , others ) -- pdf ( good for reading on pc , or for home printing ) -- rtf ( readable on most word processors ) download -- lrf ( use only for older model sony readers that do n't support .epub ) -- palm doc ( pdb ) ( for palm reading devices ) -- plain text ( download ) ( flexible , but lacks much formatting ) -- plain text ( view ) ( viewable as web page ) view retailers : apple - if you have an ipad , iphone or ipod touch , download apple 's free ibookstore app , and then search there .
after scooting her children out the door for more fresh air , having fed them a worm - scarred , alaric - free organic apple as dessert , she would concoct herself a post - prandial paste of milk , vanilla and powdered sugar into which she crumbled hunks of a frozen graham cracker crust .
with a black spot in a potato or a brown one in an apple , you carved a small cone .
as always , mias plaints , delivered in a voice that reminds lex of bill clintons near - tears quaver , cover a broad spectrumpoor pad thai at the chou - en - chow , the cost of her highlighting , crooks on wall street , sexism in the church , mealy apples .
a soughing southern breeze brings the sour tang of rotting apples and bobs the purple heads of the pot of mums mike has brought to evies grave .
those jars had had a strange heft , as if they were meant to be thrown rather than left on the shelf until someone had enough sugar rations saved for a couple of apple pies .
he reaches into the nightstand drawer and takes out his knife and one of the small plugs of apple wood that he uses for his amulets .
to satisfy his thirst , he poured one cup of apple juice and one of orange juice .
budda had taken one bite of a doughnut and a gulp of apple juice when someone tapped him on the shoulder from behind .
and did you know stores like big buy make all their profits on third - party accessories when it comes to apple ?
i was texting back and forth with lou raynes just now , and he was at finney 's apple this past weekend and he saw chelsea sears who said michelle is working at her familys travel agency .
* * * at three in the afternoon , the boys were at finneys apple , a pub near work , drinking beer and laughing about all their failed relationships .
at ten to five they went down to finneys apple , a pub that had been in ferring for about as long as both young ladies could remember .
the girls chatted about michelles time in new york as finneys apple filled up .
my name is peter trinkler from apple .
by five , all their apple covers available on their own zipitup website were sold out .
afterward , they headed over to finneys apple where everyone they knew was celebrating new years eve .
* * * when sam left finneys apple at one in the morning in a cab , cass was with him .
* * * it gets so busy in here , michelle said , as people kept marching into finneys apple .
just finneys apple .
he had been in the midst of arranging shipments of product which big buy and apple wanted on their shelves this coming friday morning .
the refrigerator was empty save a few half - rotten apples .
sees me through the bakery window wearing my floured apron fishing out raised glazed and apple fritters by the dozen .
it is red and waxy - clean like a proper apple .
she unscrews the top of an apple juice bottle and takes a sip .
during the next ten minutes , while the pizza bakes , she sets the dining room table for dinner , using the good napkins , the good dishes , and wine goblets for the apple juice .
he proposes , lifting his goblet of apple juice .
charlie can get you some apple juice . ''
after a quick pause she adds , ` ` could i add ginger and apple ? ''
let 's say it 'll be an apple ginger spicy thing with an earthy undertone characteristic of kat 's secret blend of herbs and spices .
toss in apple and ginger and cinnamon , what can go wrong .
` ` this tea tastes exactly like apple pie , '' marie says .
` ` just exactly ; and the best homemade apple pie , at that .
it looks sort of like pink champagne or cherry soda , but when you drink it , it 's exactly like drinking liquid apple pie . ''
` ` like hot apple pie , '' he answers , staring back at her evenly and smiling .
also she has a mixture of cinnamon , ginger , and what - not that she calls the apple spice mixture .
the exact formula for the apple spice mixture is located in a separate place , and written in spanish by the way .
a hacker or eavesdropper would need to find separate references to find out what the apple spice mixture is .
he drinks most of his bottle of apple juice in one gulp , and gobbles up some scraps of rice and vegetables .
gene opened the cupboard above the gurgling machine : dinner plates , salad plates , cereal bowls and a stack of plates shaped like apples that gene thought maryellen might get out for guests filled the bottom two shelves .
rather than offering to cook a meal or suggesting they go to king arthurs hearth for a nice steak , she had stood alongside him as he chopped apples , celery and walnuts for a waldorf salad and asked him to change the terms of the lease .
with a vague gesture toward the combatants , gene turned toward jay hillip and said , has nt been the same since adam ate the apple .
deciding that the small , vengeful delight he would get from leaving tishas clothes to wrinkle in the dryer after the cycle was complete was worth her suppressed anger , gene packed a sip cup of apple juice , a zip bag of whole wheat animal crackerthat was a snack no one had to hidescooped khloe from her crib where she was entertaining her toes , installed her in her harnesses and drove to leeslip park .
he reached into his lunch bag , pulled out an apple , and placed it on the table .
i want you to find out how many seeds are in this apple .
sitting , staring at the apple , i could nt help but wonder what i had gotten myself into .
find out how many seeds were in an apple ?
the people at work probably thought i had finally lost it ; sitting in the lunchroom tearing a helpless apple to shreds .
why should i have cared how many seeds were in the apple ?
had he forgotten about the apple ?
well , i found out how many seeds were in the apple .
i told him that the apple had eight seeds in it and then i waited for a response .
come here , sit down , and share with me the wisdom of the apple seeds .
i m all ears , just talk and tell me what i was supposed to learn from these apple seeds , and it better be good !
so the apple had eight seeds in it ?
so its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , right ?
he then looked back down at the seed in my hand and pointing to it , said , each of us has these gifts , just like every apple has its seeds .
so you re saying that the seeds are an analogy to illustrate how each person has special abilities that help make them who they are ; just like each seed has the ability to become an apple .
the apples taught me a lesson , so i made sure i was ready for anything .
as his words sank into my mind , he pulled out of his shirt pocket the apple seed .
he held it in front of him , looked past the seed , directly at me , and asked , its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , but is it possible to find out how many apples are in a seed ?
he held it in front of him , looked past the seed , directly at me , and asked , its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , but is it possible to find out how many apples are in a seed ?
one seed , if planted , could produce a whole apple tree , which in turn would produce apples every year .
one seed , if planted , could produce a whole apple tree , which in turn would produce apples every year .
then the apples that they produce also have seeds in them .
i could nt count that high , but lewis had proved his pointthere was potential for an infinite number of apples .
noah worked at tekserve , an apple reseller on twenty - third and sixth avenue .
i hated school and was thrilled when certain fellows expressed an interest in hanging out with me down by the river or at the little feed store where they would buy me fireballs and home run pies apple flavor .
i soon ascertained that this admiration was directly attributed to a tray of scrumptious cakes and red apples he routinely delivered throughout the premises .
would you prefer a ginger cake or apple ?
so you re now providing three men with cookies and apples ?
this warhorse occupied its time by feasting on felled apples dotting the grasslands .
at the risk of offending aphrodite , who received the apple of discord from helens abductor , this womans prettiness rivaled all who shared her sex , goddess - borne or otherwise .
even aphrodite could nt ignore the charm of being gifted the golden apple .
she was gawking at you like a famished doe eyeing an apple tree .
mitch cleared his throat as if he had a piece of his own adams apple lodged in it .
but dale was as humble and homespun as a wedge of apple pie , and juxtaposed almost every stereotypical fault that i associated with american teenagers .
or more likely chicken out again and suggest we go share a caramel apple instead , thought steve .
i know a lot of people love blueberry and apple and lemon and pecan , but i think cherry pies are the best .
i was fortunate enough to taste everything from apple , to peach , to blackberry , to pecan , to cherry with a little lemon meringue thrown in for good measure .
it was his last remaining hope of finding some treasure and having a successful trip before he had to wrap things up and head back to his galleries and daily duties in the big apple .
she poured herself diet coke from a two - liter , then looked to mara , you want pop , apple juice , milk or water ?
pass the apple juice , please ?
as i listened to innocent patter of water against flesh , my beloved imagination worked its magic and swelled my pituitary from the size of a grape to an apple .
i lifted my chin and massaged my adams apple .
were outta apples , i said .
to the left of his adams apple was a mark the size of a quarter .
i kept an eye on the man , as he pulled the tomato out from its hiding place and took a large bite , as if it were an apple .
come on a ride , where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions , pickles and tomatoes , french fries , lots of them , 3 slices of cheese - and - pepperoni pizza , 1 pint each of vanilla , chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream , water , a 20 - ounce coke , a 20 - ounce pepsi and fruit , including an apple , banana and orange .
there are some honeycrisp apples , mom suggests .
i ask her , taking out an apple .
i offer her the apple i d cleaned up for myself , and to my surprise , she accepts it .
she takes a bite of the apple and chews it slowly , tracing the marble pattern of the countertop .
when emi stands up , apple still in hand , she embraces my mother tightly .
is this some sort of poisoned apple ?
emi and i trade her apple for a tissue and she tries to compose herself again .
which they were , by the time they detected a loud roaring emanating from another room followed by the appearance through a door of a cascade of chocolate bar wrappers , apple cores and a laura secord box .
james taylors songs and voice and his connections to apple records and jimmy buffet and carly simon sent thoughts in another direction .
yes , i am carrying them , and in fact , a pair of apples flies into the air upon the enormous impact , blocking out the sun in two distinct spots like a reverse domino .
on the fifth day , i walk to the grocery store and put apples in my basket .
i fall , and the two apples fly into the sky upon impact .
we invaded the place with our sand toys and tricycles , the bags we packed with apples and breadsticks .
you leave me no choice but to call your mother and inform her i will be dropping by later for apple pie and senior citizen cunnilingus .
halsa retreated behind the closed door of his office and drew the shades of his tall , narrow windowspresumably so that others , instead of watching him eat an apple , might mistake this for his most productive hour .
some late apples were ready for canning and she 'd brought out the jars and the sugar and splenda .
this was going to take up much of her day but she knew she 'd be glad that she 'd done it once she tasted the sweet apple butter on a cold winter morning the following year .
when she did sleep , she dreamed about blizzards and wandering lost in the trees with only a talking green apple to guide her .
the apple gave her conflicting advice , making her turn left , then right , now east and now south .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
shelves full of canned pickles , jellies , apples , pears , peaches , syrups , soups , mincemeats , salsas and chili sauces lined all four sides of the room .
very slowly , down , down upon this empty crate for apples , down , down , and now he was sitting .
flannery , on a strict diet , could have neither , and regina brought her the juice of two apples .
then he saved the document , arose , and went into his small kitchen : it was time for his morning apple .
she grabbed two bags of oranges and one bag of apples , noticing too late ( thus ignoring ) the limit one bag per customer notice above the oranges .
apricots , apples , pineapples ( where she bumped in to a cranky old lady who behaved like she owned that shelf ) , pears , mangos , and , yes , strawberries .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
a slice of apple this time .
at first glance the four foot tall fruit basket has only apples and oranges , but upon further inspection , there 's peaches , tangerines , and apricots .
to hear your voice and see your eyes and taste your lips is the reason i get out of bed in the morning , the only reason i do anything , you 're the apple of my eye , the saving grace of my existence , the love of my life .
at first meeting , many people might look at her and dismiss her as the shy and frail type , being protected by a strong and domineering rajubut after some time passes , one begins to notice the remonstrative look in her eyes when raju has tipped too much for the apple delivery , or the way she paces impatiently behind him as he chops more wood for the fireplace , or even the icy demeanor she seems to project toward him whenever bunnu has disobeyed her .
and the man who owned it would always smile as he handed my friends and me apples on our way in to school .
the roads winded and crossed at the marketplace before forking into a series of tiny alleyways and side streets that branched into plazas with statues of charismatic k in a pose of triumph on a horse , or charismatic k with an inspired expression looking at an apple that he held before his face , or charismatic k saving children from a burning orphanage .
instead she sat up , walked over to the little lean - to that sheltered their backpacks , found an apple and took a bite .
never , never had an apple tasted so loudly , and so good .
sally came over , her red hair shiny like an apple in the sun .
for lunch , i ate the apple i d brought and drank some of the secretaries coffee .
i approached rapidly , like i was going to greet her , but halted short at another table to get an apple from barry nicholsa kid i d beat up way back in fourth grade but who still was a grateful contributor to my lunches .
i bake an apple pie , a pumpkin pie , a pecan pie , just for the smells .
but now or then the old woman was dead , the old man rejoiced and smiled using everything from his navel to his adams apple to the wrinkles on his ponderous forehead .
for a while , they collected plates , cups and bowls in apple crates and sprayed them with cannons specially formulated pre - wash part sugar water ( harnessing insect action to consume organic material ) , part detergent , resulting in self - cleaning dishes with the addition of rain .
chris filled the biggest pots and kettles with water , stoked the stove and found what was left of the apple crates among the underbrush .
a bolo tie rendered harmons blue work shirt formal , cinched by a chunk of petrified wood bobbing against his adams apple .
horses love them , apples , too .
lets take apples to the pony ?
i have wonderful cake from boulanger albert , your favorite , a tart aux pommes , they have the best apples from normandy , you know , she said , then turned to face the newcomer in her house , julia , my favorite tarte , too .
christine sat at the kitchen table peeling apples , but smiled with cheer in her eyes when she saw julia .
at that , christine was happy and returned to the other side of the table and pushed strawberry jam and butter over to julias plate , then returned to peeling apples .
on top she had already placed a crystal bowl with red apples , oranges and ripe peaches , topped by a cluster of dark purple grapes .
the next boy was jimmy -- a white , black - haired kid with a very large adams apple .
the next time she s here , look at the bulge between her legs , and the large adams apple she has .
the adams apple was easy to spot .
the camera turns to a black - limbed , leafless apple tree behind the bower , waiting for spring .
the earliest sunbeam on the morning of the solstice will rise right over there , poking through the ankh , through this bower , through that hole and onto the apple tree .
which were then trained on hundreds of little crystals hanging from the apple tree .
the fey little apple tree is lit with a narrow beam of light .
my head would look like a giant candy apple .
now she was the one who looked like the giant candy apple .
i looked like a candy apple ; he looked like an outlaw .
it came with coffee or tea and a slice of pie apple or lemon meringue for dessert .
no time to fuss with my candy apple helmet .
he grinned at my candy apple helmet .
she grabbed an apple and a pear from the fruit bowl on the breakfast table and walked through every room on the first floor , then went downstairs to darrels den , to see what changes mrs . gentry had made there .
at the counter , she ordered a huge burger meal with chicken strips , coffee and two hot apple pies .
` ` i have pumpkin and apple pie .
` ` i 'll have apple , '' he says .
` ` michael , could you put a scoop of ice cream on all the apple pie plates except one .
he takes a bite of his apple pie , and smiles nervously back at amy .
the big blast doors are ringing and thundering shut across the elevator holes , and guys are running all over the hangar bay , their boots thudding to their battle stations and you cut across the hangar bay and into the repair one locker where you get your sound - powered phones out of their little box and put them on and test your connection with dc central [ 70 ] while the hosemen pull on their firefighting suits and obas [ 71 ] and helmets and then flake out the fire hoses and the chief is hollering the whole time and you are stuffing your pants into your socks and buttoning your collar too tight against your adams apple [ 72 ] and he s trying to take muster and when he s done you shout down the wire that you are manned and ready while the 1mc ticks off five minutes .
she made a stop at the grocery store to pick up milk and bread and apples .
she tossed a few apples into a plastic bag without inspecting them for blemishes and worm - holes , and moved out of the aisle to get the milk and bread , walking rapidly , wanting to run but needing badly to maintain the norms of society throughout this breakdown .
` ` i have a whole pile of apples that need to be peeled .
can you girls peel apples ? ''
josh noticed the wiry neck , and the adam 's apple that looked like a peach pit .
` ` josh werther , '' she said , holding up her hand , closing her eyes , ` ` may you see the light '' he raised his hand to match her , chanting , ` ` yes , i will abandon the evil ways of the carameled apples and popcorn balls . ''
he touched the back of his head as if picking an apple .
the tree of knowledge was not an apple in the garden , it was learning the word mine .
he said the names of everything he saw as if savouring the taste , ` ` ginger beer , lemonade , sandwiches , apples , oranges , ham , sausages , biscuits ... .dad ! ''
the ceiling was baroque plasterwork which formed fruits of every type and description ; apples , pears , pomegranates and grapes all hung down looking real enough to eat .
deacon , i can call an apple a pear , but at the end of the day its still an apple .
deacon , i can call an apple a pear , but at the end of the day its still an apple .
davids father rocked on his heels , staring skyward , his adams apple bobbing convulsively .
he , cindy and andrew have decorated tyler avenue like a hippie farmhouse.garretts baking a half dozen apple pies laced with pot .
my friend garrett has an apple pot pie recipe i m sure he d be glad to share .
that was long before they realized what a bad apple i really was .
eccles begins guessing the standards cherry , apple , lemon , lime , lemon - lime , orange , pineapple .
the farmer 's eldest daughter halved two apples and granted a half to each of the guests .
heart of the people handed his halved apple to alma , who took a knife to the skin .
alma : paring the apple .
leon : how do you pear an apple ?
alma passed the naked apple back to heart of the people , who devoured the pale fruit in several heartbeats .
as they reached stations along their route , vendors on their platforms offered apples and pears , sausage , ham , bread and cheese .
the question is : do i want apple or cherry cobbler with it ?
the one with apple or cherry .
i helped peel the apples and potatoes , chopped vegetablesbeing really careful not to cut myself , mixed and stirred what they wanted me to .
i helped make the corn dish and apple pie .
i was surprised that my mom had apple pie sliced and ready to serve .
clint had gone into the saloon , practically begging the barkeep to challenge him or his right to drink an apple brew before using the tall closet .
but the barkeep served clint his apple brew and turkey pie without a word .
he returned to the bar , asked the barman for a slice of turkey pie and an apple brew , then took the food outside and delivered it to the unicorn .
he stuck his hand out , palm up and added , i need an apple .
but do you really need an apple ?
amelia scrambled to her feet as the horse that was obviously hers , a sturdy dappled , copper - colored palomino with a long white mane and thick , wavy tail , appeared before her bobbing its head up and down while eyeing an apple on the ground .
sasha placed the swords in the belt around her waist , one sword on each hip , then held out the apple for her horse .
the horse dropped its head to take the apple from her hand and in one fluid motion sasha swung her leg over the horses neck and as it raised its head , sasha slid effortlessly onto its back .
in the distance was an orchard with bird cherry and wild apple trees filled with fruit .
he dug into his pocket and produced a ripe , red apple which he handed to her .
a voice sang out from the orchard , as a tall man with a large mustache waved from beneath a tree where he was gathering apples .
matthew stretched out an arm and retrieved a nearby apple off the floor , then rubbed it on his shirt and offered it to amelia saying , breakfast in bed ?
amelia giggled and sat up saying , why thank you , as she took a bite and handed him back the apple .
matthew bit into the apple , but he could nt take his eyes off amelia and she was looking at him unabashedly as well .
so with boat in hand and the apple that came with it in his pocket , he held the candle in one hand and ashas hand in the other , and they walked back up the path to her home .
then he reached out for the little boat and held it in his arms as he fell asleep dreaming of an apple tree and a beautiful green - eyed maiden beckoning him to come home .
i could smell the caramel apples at the entrance gate , and it was like he read my eyes as i stared at the vendors .
i only finished half an apple before he bought me a funnel cake .
in return , connie and i never took a ride upstate without bringing him and martha a basket of apples , peaches or whatever was in season .
in other words , they argued that you could nt stop a persons clone line because of one bad apple .
he was dressed like a banker from the 1930s , tight little vest and tie knotted taut against his prominent adams apple .
the worm in the apple , if you 'll pardon the metaphor , soon became apparent and jim recognized it for what it was , the flowering of mr . shrive 's predication .
she was like a fresh apple , juicy and bright and full of sin .
it is most unfortunate , matthias had told her , setting aside a cup of tea that he d been drinking , but i m not ready to discuss all of it with you yet , apple .
i would nt trade you for anyone , apple , matthias had earnestly added , resting his chin atop her head .
she had not gone on to explain about her years of being affectionately called loves fruit , a young lady firm and sweet , since her place as papas apple was none of her attendants concern .
you know , you never told me what the prince of reh wanted in his audience with you , apple dear .
she watched her father come toward her , and he lowered himself , planting a kiss on her forehead , saying , i love you , apple , while he straightened and kept on moving , making his way across the parlor .
apples and pears , fruits of every nature , their juice smeared our faces .
you re young yet , for now , but the apples tasty flesh does not forever shelter its seed perhaps i will marry .
you endure my beloved son , the apple of my eye .
with thoughts of pilfering an apple or pear , i lurched to my elbows , but then fell back into hazy darkness .
there is a black mole to the left of his adams apple .
i give daniel a cup of chocolate milk and apple slices instead of the spinach salad i made .
not enough room for apple and onion tartlets .
the parable in the book of genesis where adam takes the apple offered by eve is very powerful .
that apple conveyed on the first couple the ability to remember and they moved from the blissful existence of the ever - now to the realm of time .
the original sin in taking that apple allowed all the sins of human destiny to flood into reality : envy , lust , hate , deceit , greed and violence .
it does seem to me that things are escalating very quickly based on just a few bad apples .
he watched an apple cheeked young photographer setting up a picture of a guy angrily staring out behind his hella occupy sign , and wondered if she was even reading the signs or just taking arty photos , mindlessly doing her job .
she always enjoyed her high tech chats with jj , gloating over the knowledge of apple products and insider websites they shared that the rest of the family hardly knew or cared about .
the facial skin was slack , a loose fold now hanging below the chin , running down to the large adams apple like an inverted pup - tent .
she had been the apple of a jaundiced eye .
as i travelled the length of the lake in my far flung country , a familiar ache came into my upper chest , like a chunk of apple descending the gullet .
asked niall , his adams apple whistling up and down .
it was at that instant that an apple fell from the tree above and hit dan squarely on top of the head with a thud .
it was much better than the one yesterday because yesterday i got plunked in the head with an apple for kissing you over by that tree .
grabbing an apple from the reception desk she took the elevator up to the fourth floor and down to her room where she did her usual checking of the room before locking up .
little katie is the apple of my eye and i love her to death .
i wave , smile , joke , take the apple that is offered me , or the five pesos owed for the vocabulary handouts from weeks before .
hot apple pie for dessert tonight !
i was feeling too good to get upset about politics , apple pie and a courvesier .
then she sat behind a lightly stained oak desk messed with papers , fake apples and other teacherly paraphernalia .
the fruits consisted of strawberries , blackberries , crab apples , grapes , plums , persimmons , mulberries , and hackberries .
but can we sell apples if we are given peanuts .
chapter 20 at the dixwell center , apple teams assignment for the day was to assemble hospitality boxes for an upcoming charity golf tournament .
although jamie liked all the apple team members , millicent reigned as her favorite .
peter greeley approached the apple team table .
when jamie returned to apple team , millicent darted her eyes once to her left .
after jamie left with betty saturday night , he plugged in a video while joan baked a pie from apples she and connie had picked that afternoon .
i started baking as soon as i heard , because scotty and marge love my apple pie .
here , catch , tom said , tossing me an apple .
she also made the apple crumble ; it just needed to be reheated tomorrow .
i pretended not to notice and continued to eat my second helping of apple crumble and custard .
a tangle of poison ivy nestled at the base of a chokeberry tree ; the tiny , red - to - black , apple - like fruit had long since fallen away .
in the living room , a table had been set with a linen tablecloth , salad bowls , a fresh loaf of sourdough bread and bottle of apple cider .
` ` are you going to finish that apple cheese danish ? ''
` ` this mixture of apples , nuts , wine and spices , '' she pointed to a small bowl , ` ` is called charoset .
absolutely , johnny said bagging apples for a customer .
but by the time the burgers arrived the others had cracked into apple pie and ice - cream .
his neck looked funny , like where his adams apple was , well it was nt there anymore .
his adams apple rose and dipped .
a perfectly smooth and slender neck caught his attention , and he darted to her barely visible adams apple to adorn .
here god 's interrogating adam about who talked him into eating the apple , and adam replies that it was eve , the woman god made to be his helper .
after dessert of fresh apple crumble tom asked if he should begin one of the stories of arthur and laura lee .
they were suddenly in a very old beautiful orchard : apple and cherry and pear trees in wide long rows , the sweet smell of rotting windfall apples drifting around them .
they were suddenly in a very old beautiful orchard : apple and cherry and pear trees in wide long rows , the sweet smell of rotting windfall apples drifting around them .
they stopped beside a huge old apple tree supporting a small room made of vertical birch bark planks .
exclaimed amanda , the odor of the earth , the root vegetables , apples and pears mixed together in an almost erotic smell .
mercedes , lexus , sony , disney , apple computers , ibm , and i also bought stock in companies that made the toys work , microsoft , intel , g.e .
it was a strange place to find comfort , the pure and perfectly black hole in the earth smelling of musk and sweetness , hard roots and red apples , but from the first moment she had sat in the root cellar with sharon , amanda loved the feeling of losing all her senses .
the other thing that was absolutely stunning were the perfectly pruned old apple and pear and plum trees nestled before the beautiful gardens along the walls of every building , even the barn .
she looked like an apple doll in her old dress , with her gray hair pulled back and tied in a bun and her brown eyes shining under a beautiful , warm smile that reminded tom of his mother .
when they were almost halfway through , they opened a quilt that was all stones and fungus and lichens overlain with beautiful individual flowers , apple blossoms , peach and cherry , tulips and dog tooth violets and trilliums and lady slipper orchids among the stones .
the blossoms of spring bulbs passed and fruit trees filled with bees and blossoms , white plum and cherry and fat apple pink .
finally , there seemed to be only one place left for them to find peace and privacy and tom took amanda into his tree house in the old apple tree and it was there , with the fading apple blossoms falling around them , that they first undressed one another .
they had just finished singing an old mills brothers song , under the apple tree , and were just beginning the ink spots classic , if i did nt care .
i speak for the cherry , the peach and the plum , the almond and the apple and the quince .
the van fleet farm was like an old apple tree producing bushel after bushel of sweet , heavy fruit , while the farm in their dreams was a sapling with only its first heavy blossoms .
there s a photograph of me dressed like this , that s why i remember it now , it must have been in the park , i d these big red cheeks , bloated and round like i was hiding apples inside .
time to take a bite and then the apple stops growing .
microbes are busy feasting on the apples and bananas lovingly placed in lunch boxes a few weeks earlier .
a fruit wagon passed and the happy , rotund seller offered a fresh apple to a seraphic young girl , eliciting a musical giggle .
he drank some water , went to the bathroom , and picked out a few apples from the fridge .
the scent of apple blossoms drifts by .
surrounding the window frame , the ivy clasping the brick faade flutters in the breeze dappled by the delicate perfume of apple blossoms and honeysuckle in bloom .
the warm breeze from across the hills filled the air with the scent of over ripened apples from the nearby orchard .
he peered around the doors edge , eyes glazed vermilion , with a candied apple stare .
nibbling on my apple , i found my throat began to seize .
as they left , george showed up out of the vibrating periphery with some apple juice .
inside half an apple grew gray fuzz , two slices of mold covered pizza leaked goo and some cigarette butts spit - glued to the cardboard added that special tobacco stain .
he asked and swigged his apple juice .
i drank apple juice out of the side of my mouth .
the dense virginia air drifted through the hall scented with apple blossoms and honeysuckle .
we split a piece of apple pie and lingered over coffee , talking and catching up on everything until the waitress approached with the bill .
his adams apple bobbed as he swallowed .
investments like a ranch , apple orchard , and bike shop .
at 5:30 i get up , and have another glass of milk and an apple and take a shower .
i eat two apples and consider taking a walk , but i decide that it would be better if i attempt to return my sleep cycle to some normal standard , so i try to read for a bit , but the only book that escaped the purge is graham greenes the lawless roads , and i have already read it , and do nt really like it .
but she is probably used to talking with people who eat things other than milk , and cheese sandwiches and apples and oranges , so i decide against that .
for the monkey , an apple is million times more worthy and precious that this hard , tasteless stone .
she was making sandwiches and her shadowy figure in a long cotton dress with a big pleated skirt appeared to be shaking a knife , a paring knife for peeling our apples , at us .
she took a break and began slicing apples .
i wonder if the apple crop is any good .
and one night i was hit in the head with a candied apple , it was red candy .
we arrived on the schoolyard our adams apples assaulted by the enormous knot in our red and black bandannas , dreading that which was coming , like some monster in the hall which the celebrants would not discuss and were afraid even to name .
he wore a striped capwas it a railroaders cap which helped him to hop on trains but had been reduced to a bad state by all the travelling ? and his eyes were teeny and looked as though they had been pressed too close together into a withered slice of white apple .
scotty broke a piece off an apple danish and washed the sticky dough down with a mouthful of coffee .
as a side dish she sliced butternut squash together with baking apples for tantalizing flavor she always bought braeburn , northern or empirewhich she heaped together with brown sugar , cinnamon and cranberries .
if i were to cook a teriyaki pork tenderloin roast with baked potatoes , an apple , cranberry and butternut squash casserole along with bourbon glazed panettone topped with whipped cream , then january second - not the twenty - fifth of december could be the bearded fat man in the red suits special day .
he had just finished cleaning a refrigerated display full of cheese danish and apple squares .
the girl swallowed and her adams apple bobbed up and down in typical olive oil fashion .
she sang the song during the day as she kneaded the dough to make her sugar - glazed , apple and cinnamon strudel ; over and over she repeated the absurd refrain as she sprinkled lemon and orange rind , black raisins and honey onto the paper - thin crust .
a dark - skinned , hispanic woman dressed in a white uniform was sitting on a sofa eating an apple .
bowtie macaroni , sweet potato , peas , carrots , corn , sliced apples , chicken livers and ground turkey .
when the turkey was almost done she drained the grease and added an apple which she cut up in small , bite - size chunks .
she tossed the meat and caramelized apples into a large bowl then mixed the steamy food with a can of sweet peas and corn .
the blood drains from maxs face and his adams apple bobs as he swallows .
the kitchen is clean , the refrigerator full of water bottles , apples , and carrot sticks .
maybe an apple .
nate stands bare - chested and beautiful behind the island , the muscles in his forearms flexing as his competent hands chop apples and peaches and throw them into a bowl .
she always listened to us with great interest , feeding off the stories we pulled from thin air over a slice of apple pie with blackened crust .
then one day , eve got a little tired and bored with the straight and narrow and scampered over to the apple tree , which was a no - no .
of course , winston was there and he wooed and wowed eve and persuaded her to squeeze the apple hard and drink the liquid .
squeezing the juice out of an apple by hand was no big deal .
eve wrung the apple until it was dry pulp and put the juice in a huge banana leaf .
adam loved the apple juice , and eve offered to get more , but adam suggested that they practice their instructions first .
at the crucial step in their instructions , there was a really scary clap of thunder , and a brilliant flash of lightening hit something over in the direction of the apple tree .
rose looked back to see the immortal apple tree eviscerated before being added to the wasp flames on a bonfire whose mean spiral reached up to heaven .
mr . silver adjusted the optics in his main eye , zooming in on a woman chewing an apple .
no , its definitely an apple from the tree of knowledge .
it was not a tree it was an apple .
an apple cut in half by a guillotine .
they passed a cart selling rotten apples , potatoes , and other projectiles to hurl at the vilified nobility .
and one apple pie and one emf reader .
i asked for an apple pie ?
you asked for an apple pie and an emf reader , her father said , with a tiny bit of worry and a truckload of compassion .
and dreamt of apple pie .
# rhoda set down her plate , licking the last bits of cooked apples and savory crust off her fork , and watched her grandchildren race through the garden .
the roots of all evil shelley chappell apples bear a strange weight in the culture of the physical world , heavier than the satisfying bulk of one held in the palm of one 's hand .
if you have ever once visualized the evil queen offering her apple to snow white , then you have seen not just the impact of my being on the cultural memories of the world but a sample of the sort of fruit that grew upon me : bipartite fruits , bi - colored and divided , in which good and evil pressed cheek to cheek but never the twain did meet .
the man caught an apple in his open palms and tossed it up and down .
he has this thing about apples .
it has to do with that saying they have on telfarsa : an apple a day keeps the preacher away .
its why he s made apples so sexy - looking with that smooth red skin and perfect round shape , and then of course , when you bite into one , they re as boring as a date with a bedouite nun .
i reckon hell pick the apple and call it something like the no - no fruit .
why could she not eat of that apple ?
its kinds like getting de - virginized but not in a double - feature movie house and certainly not with someone with an adams apple .
he took a bite of tomato like an apple .
he grabbed an apple from the bowl and walked to the former butler pantry / library .
she soon returned , first with a pecan pie and then with an apple pie , its crust still domed with heat and perfectly browned .
she handles the produce automatically , selecting apples with her right hand and dropping them into a paper bag held in her left , while her mind continues to examine the tightening clench in her abdomen .
she bought some bread , peanut butter , honey , and a couple of apples to get her through the rest of the afternoon .
he nodded tersely to lorcan and sat across from him , and asked the waitress for ice - water and some apple pie .
he had learnt of businesses created from scratch that were being lapped up by the microsofts and apples of the world .
and the kale and apple smoothie , please , she said as she paid .
he looked back at the house - tall , elegant , creaking with ivy , an apple tree in front of it , a blue sky behind it .
theo had spent many happy hours in this allotment as a child : in autumn he would take his dad 's tennis racket and see how far he could hit fallen apples from the wild orchard that grew there .
in fact , the roof of one of them had caved in and a small apple tree was growing out of it .
but then , just as he was squeezing out a tube of ochre on to his paltry plastic pallet , an apple landed with a loud splat right in the centre of the canvas .
instinctively he ducked , then looked around for the source of the missile and was rewarded with another , smaller apple direct to the forehead .
he left the building and made his way back to his easel , now lying on its side , a selection of bruised and split apples lying all around it .
a couple of flecks of apple skin had become lodged in its thick sticky paint .
you must have heard ... '' but he did n't manage to get the word ' it ' out , his throat was beginning to constrict and his adam 's apple suddenly felt very swollen .
the dish soap smelled like green apples and left their hands almost tacky with residue .
they each got a square of a sandwich , carrots , and either an apple or an orange .
i saw you only have an apple , sonny said looking only at sophie .
thanks , this apple is just great .
with the straw from a box of apple juice in his mouth , he found the page of dark charcoal and men in sickbeds .
mr . heckerman was rolling dough on the counter to make an apple pie .
he said , and began scooping the cut up apples into the pie crust .
nobody leaves over , a cookie soph , maybe half a sandwich , or an apple , but cookies do nt get left over .
at first , he applied them in the pattern that a woman would apply lipstick , then after dipping the brush again in the red paint , he lifted two lines at a curiously tight angle upwards , and finished it with two dots on the end at where the apple of the busts cheeks would be if he would only smile .
now , in the grocery store , pretending to peruse the fresh apples , karen did not feel so far from him .
beth had to put her grief on hold because she was so busy tending the apricot , peach and apple trees .
beth finished the last bite of apple pie and put her fork on her plate .
nik put his foot on first step and inhaled the bus smell of apple juice and expectant sweat .
the teachers gave them all an apple as a snack .
prickett finished off a piece of apple pie murphy had nt heard him order .
regina thought about her own favorite metaphor about the high price for small rewards ... the time marius decided that he wanted to have his own apple orchard on a small plot of land his family owned .
after cultivating the soil , planting the trees , and waiting over a year , he was triumphant with the few puny apples that were produced .
when all was calculated , he realized each apple cost him $ 400 .
regina often thought her marriage had been a $ 400 apple .
do you have an apple ?
the term pda came into americas vocabulary while sterling was still in the womb , when the apple newton was born to the awe of the crowds of techno geeks at their annual convention in las vegas .
the device that claimed sterlings techno virginity was apples messagepad 2100 , which the boy had wanted since he had learned about its release on the web in november 1997 .
rumor has it a rumor at daycare that the first apple sterling vocalized referred not to a piece of fruit but rather to the centers mac .
in any case , sterling loved his current pda , an apple iphone 3 g .
you ca nt compare apples with oranges or pears .
sterling prefers the ipod because he is heavily into apple esthetics , but truth be told just about any mp3 brand would do .
it was very hush - hush but he suspected it was the new tablet eagerly awaited from apple sterling figured it would be sold as a tapple or a tabapple or an itab still nameless but rumored to be released sometime next spring .
sterling was sufficiently tempted , however , that he took a photo of john dewey using his new device at the party and one day , if the device ever became public , he could then show the photo , praising john dewey for being instrumental in apples success .
sterling was not , however , averse to telling everyone he knew that they should immediately buy apple stock , as the stock was certain to rise in the springtime .
just ten days ago apple topped the q2 estimates , with iphone sales up 123 % .
a million on apple to win , he wanted to say .
in several cases a couple had exchanged identical boxes from the local apple store last christmas morning , to their childrens delight .
sterling suspected it was the new apple product , a phone long rumored to be in the design phase , but he had no way of knowing for sure .
he liquidated everything and immediately bought apple at $ 83 and change .
catherine blames herself for that first major blunder in child - rearing : giving her son a poisoned apple , that first wretched pda , which instantly became the go - to parent , answering all his questions , offering him parental advice which he accepted without argument , becoming a third , preferred , nipple to suck on .
there s even an apple desktop bus which predates sterling .
he , himself , packs it into its original apple box .
a place at the kitchen table is set for him with a bowl of cereal , an apple and a piece of paper from sara giving him the calorie count : 250 .
sterling counters with a right jab right to the adams apple .
recently his balance has remained pretty steady at around $ 40,000 , much of it proceeds from apple that he has yet to reinvest .
mrs . kirkup took meredith to pick apples half way to new mexico , to wilcox , by cracky , with my blessings and she did nt lose her !
its at the back of the oven behind the baked apples so you ca nt see it , leola .
in the course the boys were told , ` ` girls are like green apples .
just said to her as if lifting a slice of apple for her , eat !
before the prince could choke out a reply , his neck pulled up , his adams apple sliding up and down rapidly as he swallowed constricted sips of air , luis , his voice very low , his face just inches from the others , cut him off with : your mentor made a terrible , foolish , unforgivable mistake .
he leaned back in his chair , and sipped apple juice from an ancient purple plastic cup , and ate day - old french bread from the local supermarket , and spoke jovially of teaching , and of feeling well , and told more off - color irish jokes .
maggie spluttered into her apple juice .
he cursed at the guards , he spat at them , he twisted and struggled against his binds as they gruffly shoved him adams apple down against a free chopping block .
if in a rugby shirt , collar up , adams apple to the fore .
* * * race seemed surprised when i ate three big macs , a large order of fries , a milkshake , and an apple pie .
i see the apple does nt fall far from the tree .
i need red for the apple tree , maisy said .
ca nt you just make the apples green ?
because the apples are supposed to be red .
her tongue was poking out of her mouth in concentration as she lightly colored the apples with a purple crayon .
i always liked purple apples .
the garnet color from her wine glass , reflecting like a jewel on the table , matched the color of the apples in maisys drawing .
she wondered what apple pie would smell like if she could smell it without her other senses getting in the way .
just the pure scent of apple pie suffusing her soul .
where would the world be without the microsoft of bill gates , the computers and iphones of apple 's steve jobs , and the brains behind the airlines , the oil and energy companies , and the men and money behind the manufacturing and businesses of the world ?
her hair smelled like apple spice cake , very earthy and domestic .
before he knew it , he had the softness of her breasts filling his hands , felt the heat of her through her shirt , smelled the apple - pie - and - cinnamon scent of her .
it was being back in the warmth of the valley of the sun after being bit by the big apple .
he gazed at her , wishing he could touch her , bury his face in her hair and breathe in the apple - pie scent of her .
some of the trees had apples hanging heavily enough to bend the lower branches nearly to the ground .
now , standing under the same sun - washed limbs that had been her pretend - horsies when shed been little , the limbs shed climbed as a teenager to pick green apples to use for throwing practice , the limbs shed treated as couches while reading tales of hercules and athena , lyssa realized some of her uncertainty boiled down to how he felt about having kids .
iwas uncomfortably conscious of her bare apple - round breasts andthe green bush of hair between her crossed thighs .
i bought a pound of apples for a farthing from a vegetable stalland had to resort to gestures to express what i wanted .
icarried the apples loose in my pockets - as like other buyers i was clearlyexpected to have brought my own basket to the market -together with innumerable hapennies and farthings of change .
while bitinginto a small acidic apple , i found myselfbeing addressed by a voice which despite a rustic accent i was at last able to understand .
no , i do nt , i admitted through a mouthful of apple .
there are several model sets of the garden of eden with adam and eve and a vicious looking snake wrapped round an apple tree .
exclaimed beta , strolling up to me as i panted and wheezed in the shadow of a tall apple tree .
melly would fill his lunch pail with apples from the root cellar and thick sandwiches of ham and goose fat , wedges of sharp cheddar cheese from dundee and a large jug of hot black coffee wrapped in a thick towel to keep it warm .
melly was making an apple cake with the withered apples left in the root cellar from the fall .
melly was making an apple cake with the withered apples left in the root cellar from the fall .
on the table was a huge hot apple cake and a jug of red wine that melly had bought at the market .
they brought pies and cakes , meat loaf and apple butter , until his fridge was filled with gifts of food .
he just carried the cases of apples up from the basement and arranged the cabbage and carrots and swept the sidewalk in front of fellow 's grocery .
he carried his last case of apples from the basement then went down and hung his overalls on the hook , pulled off his jacket and washed his hands .
it was a very nice place : thick green lawn , apple tree in the corner .
and maybe i d just quit my shitty little job ( i would hardly need it as i would no longer be paying rent at all ) and start hanging out all day under the apple tree , wrapped in my old down comforter . )
edison passed up the conventional meal and filled himself instead with a large slice of apple pie and a handful of cookies washed down with two cups of coffee heaped with sugar .
as a child in parochial school , sprayberry had a difficult time understanding how he was responsible when they nailed jesus to the cross , how it was his fault when adam and eve had eaten the apple .
how did you know that i had some of your favorite fortnum and mason earl gray and apple coffee cake ?
now miriam was heavily made up with a greasy golden pancake base , blush applied to her cheeks like two perfectly round apples , blue eye shadow with sparkles , and flaming red lipstick .
` ` hey , how do you like the candy apple finish on this chevy ?
` ` that candy apple you 're polishing on , '' i shout over my shoulder as i walk off , heading for the office to pay my bill .
i tighten my hand on his throat and feel this big round hose - like thing in his throat that his adam 's apple sits on .
lunker called out , leaning casually on the apple of his saddle .
not much of a town , lunker said , leaning across the apple of his saddle .
he saw he wore corporal stripes , and his cheeks shined like waxed apples .
by now her charade is obvious : she has a large nose and adams apple , and hair on her upper arms .
after a moment , he peeked out to see the porter standing at the mixers shoulder , making jabbing motions with his hand , his adams apple leaping up and down .
dougs adams apple pumped and mala could see the whites of his eyes .
after twenty years of american living , they were as american as apple pie .
her kisses on his forehead felt like a healing potion like an apple pie cooling in an open window like a mother rocking a sick child to sleep like coming home all over again .
in the same way , an apple seed does nt try to become a tomato .
i guess i ve learned that this truth applies to life and death as well as apples on the tree or fish in the river .
especially one bringing a gift of a home - baked apple pie ?
miles is famous for his homemade apple pie .
to pass through to the kitchen , melanie had to move out of the way old broom handles , dried mop heads , several galvanized buckets and an old apple bushel basket filled with paper bags .
ted swallowed hard , adams apple bouncing as he spoke : i do nt think its appropriate .
' the tree grows apples . '
the static tree and apple are now conjoined by the dynamic linkage , that places them firmly in a changing reality .
is this not evidence of some greater designer , overseeing the natural and physical laws that create such awe - inspiring sights , the sky on a clear frosty night with its billions of twinkling lights coming from the vast space - time of the cosmos , the sight of bluebells under an apple tree in early summer ?
to depict an object , say an apple , limits the modes of translation the more the apple is true to life .
to depict an object , say an apple , limits the modes of translation the more the apple is true to life .
there is already a well defined word for an apple in society .
by placing the apple in an environment and by changing or distorting colour and shape , the word ' apple ' becomes less applicable but still largely identifiable .
by placing the apple in an environment and by changing or distorting colour and shape , the word ' apple ' becomes less applicable but still largely identifiable .
kate said he could buy her an apple crumble if he really wanted to .
ryan nodded his approval , though the pondering look on his face showed he had nt fell far from the apple tree .
how did she get the job of serving pancakes when an actual kiwanis member merely had the job of pointing out there was both apple and orange juice ?
to miles , who was still trying to digest this statement , she bellowed , milk , oj , and apple juice ?
ah de la pea cried out involuntarily as he saw a towering man with narrow shoulders , a long neck with bulging adams apple and large intense eyes above dark circles and sunken cheeks .
it looked fairly healthy : scrambled eggbeaters with low fat cheddar , slices of turkey bacon and a large bowl of sliced strawberries , apples and oranges , but there were also fresh baked biscuits and jeans homemade pineapple jam .
then i m going to make a tossed salad with white balsamic dressing and follow it with apple pie .
no , summer sent it cause she knows we both love apple pie .
that means you do nt have room for that apple pie .
do a few bad apples really spoil the barrel , doctor ?
once again using his cell phone as a tether , beautyman pulled up apples mobileme website , which allowed him to track the location of the phones .
this one is dangerous , she has a way of controlling people ... a way of getting others to see it her way ... but berry could see that her logic was flawed ... in his mind she had been relating apples to oranges ... most of the audience would probably not notice , but he did ...
i picked up one of the cardboard boxes of food and a bottle of apple juice and spotted jeri , the plump , eternally pleasant volunteer coordinator who worked for esther .
jeri turned to talk to somebody else and i contemplated sitting at one of the long volunteer tables to eat my hamburger and apple , but i did n't know many of the volunteers and i was too restless to sit .
she pulled out an apple flavored airhead and waved it .
she sighed and pulled out a whole pack of it , switching the apple for the grape .
uh , hi , i m a nut - case fresh from the big apple .
coffee and apple pie for both of us , richard said .
he had no trouble , therefore , bringing in his selected box of apples .
he did this by passing around the box of apples and inviting each of the class to take one .
can i get an apple juice ?
i had to fight back tears as i poured an apple juice over ice for each of us .
i poured myself an apple juice and never drank it .
ok , but you ll owe me more than an apple juice , he said .
it was given to him in apple juice .
susan , you left a glass of apple juice for jerry before you left saturday night .
its just unfortunate you left the apple juice for him .
jerry was poisoned with a glass of apple juice that i might have left for him .
i did nt drink a glass of apple juice , so i told jerry to drink it or throw it away , and then i left .
what if the poison in the apple juice was meant for me ?
he does nt know jerry had a heart condition , so he still thinks what he put in the apple juice was a lethal dose .
when we found out the potassium chloride was ingested through a glass of apple juice , and a couple of the club members heard you tell jerry he could have yours , we put you on our suspect list .
big apple hunter , a susan hunter mystery # 2 working in a weight - loss center by day and a racquetball club by night , susan hunter enjoys her life , the sport , and her friends .
it does nt take her long to realize she s being hunted in the big apple .
humorous , sometimes ominous , big apple hunter is entertaining and perfect for easy , breezy reading !
as they stood before the shelves of paint samples carol picked out a bright pink , light pink and an apple green .
she placed the point of the knife against his throat below the adams apple and pushed .
fresh apple pie , she said .
wiggling back to slamms spot , she placed a plate holding a triangle of apple pie and a fork down on the newspaper .
hey , leo , slamm said with a mouth full of apple pie and spitting crumbs .
arties adams apple jumped in his long , skinny neck .
his adams apple responded .
she pulled a carton of milk and a small bag of apples from the sack and stowed them in the refrigerator , then faced me with a frown of disapproval , her hands on her hips .
she watched the line of apple trees , with white blossoms shining under the street lights as they drove down the road .
mark picked up a high gloss $ 6.00 apple from japan , rolling it around in his hand .
please order me a cup of coffee , black , and a slice of apple pie .
a chunk of cheddar , an apple and a few plain saltines were going to suffice for dinner .
she packed a little cooler with a peanut butter sandwich , two apples and a half - empty bag of corn chips , plus a granola bar that she was going to call breakfast .
back in the kitchen she grabbed an apple and chips to go with her sandwich and noticed that kellys bedroom door stood halfway open .
they shared an apple cobbler for dessert , with a nice wine , and beau began to get that certain look in his eye again .
just because her chestnut hair fell in perfect waves , framing a heart shaped face and drawing attention to the high cheekbones and rosy pink apples of her cheeks- which i had no doubt had been surgically enhanced- at her age ( somewhere in her late forties to early fifties ) there was no way those puppies would be so plump .
remember that time you swiped that bag of apples off the fruit stand and the guy chased you for six blocks .
i grabbed the apples and took off .
he smiled back before digging into a big piece of apple pie a la mode .
and i won blue ribbons for my deep dish apple pie with oatmeal streusel topping .
with collin , who was on the side of apple pie and the american way , good not evil .
in the meantime , you can pre - order paperback ( amazon ) and e - book ( kobo , apple , and smashwords ) .
they are the apples of my eyes , agatha responded .
the first cup of coffee had disappeared pretty quickly down his long throat , his adams apple bobbing with each swallow .
bananas and apples .
he spat out the last word as if he d bitten into a worm - infested apple .
not that old lie about bigfoot stealing your box of apples ?
nobody suspected the nice old lady next door who baked fresh apple pies , even if she was seen driving a different car every week .
its a few apples and oranges .
a grapple was an apple that had an affair with a grape ( you know , a hybrid some scientist thought was a good idea ) .
this was what eve felt when satan offered her the apple .
turning right to grab a hostess apple pie , one aisle over i saw ... drumroll please ... jinx king .
you ca nt drive , you ca nt go out on dates , and you ve lost your iphone , ipod , ihome , and whatever other contraption the apple people make .
i told murphy if god blessed him then he needed to bless me by ungrounding me and gifting me with my apple products .
i did nt know anything about liams ex , but regarding brynn it was nt even comparing apples to oranges .
if only there was a dart gun around chewing on a red apple , he looked me square in the face , rolling his eyes with a groan .
mr . rafferty chucked his apple core into the garbage then pushed his way to the door .
seated on what looked like a wooden apple crate , i studied him the way a coroner would a corpse .
her adams apple almost tripled .
one bad apple , etcetera . ''
i am fully aware that an apple is n't just a fruit and that windows are n't just for looking through .
the big apple , the place that never disappoints a visitor but never ceases to disappoint many of its residents .
he had an apple and treated himself to an early night .
his face looked like an old , brown apple , framed by the tightly draw - stringed hood of his sweatshirt .
and he recognized the fact that he was so anxious to rid his department , and he truly felt that it was his department , of a bad apple that he was ready to spill the whole barrel now , rather than work toward a solid case .
cherry pink and apple blossom white began to play .
he was picturing amaryllis running lithely along the road outside , looking like atalanta before she was distracted by the golden apples .
the absence of the black mercedes made me feel a little less tense , so i showered , washed my hair with a new shampoo that smelled like apples , and wondered about randy and melanie rucker .
in five minutes my hair was dry , styled , and no longer smelled of apples .
` ` apple cheek babies ?
after a gourmet dinner of sardines , saltines , peanut butter and an apple , i read some elmore leonard and turned in early .
phoebe took an apple out of the bowl .
phoebe crunched her apple again .
phoebe chewed on her apple for a while .
phoebe set her half - eaten apple on the counter and rolled it back and forth .
phoebe rolled the apple to her brother .
the apple left a sticky trail on the black granite every time it rolled .
phoebe tossed her half - eaten apple in the sink .
they have several options including smoked salmon , apple and bacon , and vegan legume salad .
while he chewed , jane bit an apple .
jane managed to swallow her apple , but did nt take another bite .
jane took another bite of her apple .
jane coughed on her apple .
jane stared down at the apple in her hand .
jane threw her apple in the garbage can .
rose of sharon put the bullhorn to her lips and began a rousing rendition of i like to eat apples and bananas .
secure housing is probably a good idea for you , mom said as i forked in another chunk of the apple pie .
i hurried back to the kitchen only to find betty huckleston out in the yard with patsy cline , the two of them sitting together under the apple tree like ladies at a church social , betty puffing away on a pall mall .
its smoked in hickory and apple , after marinating over night .
betty handed me an apple slice as we walked along the rows and rows of pottery .
she offered me more apple which i declined .
one cup was never enough , so after two wonderful , bitter , tiny cups , i loaded up st . andre cheese and apples on a plate , went to relax in the study , and gave betty a call .
i cut a piece of crisp apple , its clear juice beading on the knife , for myself and one for the patient pecos at my feet .
pecos looked at me wistfully as i bit into the last piece of apple , so i shared it with him .
healthy , crunchy apples , my dear .
the sweet autumnal smell of the apple cores drifted up from the compost bowl on the counter .
who has apple trees ?
bethanys eyes stained ahead , but there was only an endless country road , lined with apple trees for as far as the lights would illuminate .
what do you have , apples ?
yes , tons and tons of apples .
none right now , but in a few months it ll be apples for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
everyone gets sick and tired of apples by the time harvest is done .
although they were nt pretty girlssome fat and some simply homelythey looked better placed in the apple fields of the farm .
felicity grabbed a green apple from the basket by the refrigerator and headed out the door .
inside we bought tarp , two sleeping bags , bed sheets , pillows , two candles , two flashlights , bagels , peanut butter , energy bars , apples and water .
after a fine lunch of a meatloaf sandwich , spicy home fries , an apple , and a large brownie , a man was just about ready for everything .
when he saw bubba , his adams apple visibly went up and down as he swallowed convulsively .
both miz demetrice and bubba watched his adams apple bob up and down , and up and down .
she looked up from the apple pie she was cutting and glared at me .
well , the apple does nt fall far from the tree .
well i do nt know if it 's a good idea , harry said when he d swallowed the mouthful of apple tart he d been chewing .
the waiter is still clearing it awaya honey and apple tart with handmade cinnamon - ginger ice creamwhen the lights brighten , and suddenly were surrounded by twenty other tables .
she had vaguely known how the image was produced but had definitely not realised that every part of the negative contains every part of the image : if you take a holographic picture of an apple and cut off a corner of the negative , you do n't have the corner of a picture of an apple - when you shine a laser through it , an image of the whole apple is projected .
she had vaguely known how the image was produced but had definitely not realised that every part of the negative contains every part of the image : if you take a holographic picture of an apple and cut off a corner of the negative , you do n't have the corner of a picture of an apple - when you shine a laser through it , an image of the whole apple is projected .
she had vaguely known how the image was produced but had definitely not realised that every part of the negative contains every part of the image : if you take a holographic picture of an apple and cut off a corner of the negative , you do n't have the corner of a picture of an apple - when you shine a laser through it , an image of the whole apple is projected .
best not upset the apple cart yet .
she pulled a couple of apples out of her bag and handed one to boone .
we were on the swing under my parents apple tree and he sank to his knees and asked me .
i was steeping a pot of christmas tea , my favorite cinnamon and apple .
a hush fell over the room as the childrens voices swelled , their bright red vests matched their little apple red cheeks .
his adams apple bobbed , and he cleared his throat .
she loves apples and carrots , and she especially likes avocado . ''
she dug into the pouch at her hip , withdrawing the two apples she had bought from ada on the way out of the back room .
a maid moved past them carrying a tray of rosy apples .
* * * joan leant back in her chair , stuffed beyond belief with the delicious turnips , goose , roast boar , and apple tart which had come and gone along with myriad other courses .
* * * it was just after noon by the time they were dressed and sitting at a corner table in the main dining area , enjoying bowls of delicious venison stew with apple and pear .
a large , wooden platter of juicy green slices of apple , golden wedges of pear , and succulent cherries was laid at the center of the table .
then plates were laid out with roast ham , fragrant turkey , stewed turnips , candied apples , and a myriad of other dishes joan could not name .
there were a scattering of empty chairs looking out over the ocean , and a long table against the back wall held several wooden bowls of apples and pears , along with a trio of pewter pitchers of ale .
she nodded mutely , going to the cupboard in the back corner and fetching out cheese , dried apples , and some chicken jerky .
she kept her gaze on the apple slices before her , blocking the sight of the pool of blood which was steadily growing by her front door .
a wicker basket of crimson apples sat at the center of the wooden table .
she began to climb the shallow foothills , a candy - apple red spot lost amid the goldenrod fields and pastures , and noticed the temperature gauge on the dash begin to inch upward .
sorry , sorry , its a candy apple red miata , california plates , number 4e59436 .
in the other , a washbasin from which fragrant steam arose , smelling faintly of apples .
she allowed him to bathe and oil her in the traditional samhain female scent of apples and dress her in the proper robes of green , then held out her hand to him like a queen .
there were two peach , two apple , and two blueberry .
i cut a piece of jackies apple pie and dumped it onto a paper plate .
she flashed a smile my way before saying , jo ate the last piece of blueberry , but i think there s apple and peach left .
i was especially spellbound when she made apple pies out of bread and pie filling .
he hid the gnome completely , trussing him up with aluminium foil in the shape of a succulent pig , put him on a large tray , placed some vegetables around the edges and an apple at one end , and pretended that it was a giant barbecue order .
then i grabbed the chopped apples , blueberries , cranberries , milk and eggs from the huge refrigerator and slipped my now much - worn apron over my head .
sure , berry or apple .
an apple and a vat of coffee this morning , he patted a worn - looking thermos .
she had a royal purple cape on this morning with an apple green and sky blue silk scarf .
we d joked about having a bake off to see whose apple pie tasted better .
the strawberry is leftover from that apple pie i made a couple of weeks ago .
i had cranberries , chopped apples , lemons and blueberries for fresh fruits .
i took the last death by chocolate cake out and the remaining apple muffins from yesterday .
can i have a coffee and an apple muffin ?
i prepare myself for red apples and black and white cows all over the place the moment i walk through the front door .
he just finished putting chicken and rice in a container and a sliced apple in another one .
i dig an apple out of the fridge and a knife out of the drawer .
i try to ignore his pleased smile and start peeling the apple with the paring knife .
the knife bounces off the cork floor along with my apple .
taking an apple , he smiles widely and i ca nt stop laughing .
alright kayla appears calmer as she picks up her books and nicole hands her an apple for snack .
i quietly filled a grocery bag with various items , a box of cheerios , four apples , a bottle of dill pickles , a loaf of bread , peanut butter and jelly , bologna , four cans of pepsi and some pop tarts .
the apple did nt fall far from the joe tree .
in the village , daisy watched canute sniff a barrel of apples and raise his leg .
she reset the apple shaped kitchen timer and sat on the other stool .
his adams apple moved as if he too was trying to swallow , but he had nt eaten anything .
gia picked a red apple from a wicker basket outside trewellyns and rubbed it against her t - shirt .
gia bit into the apple and with the back of her hand wiped apple juice from her chin .
gia bit into the apple and with the back of her hand wiped apple juice from her chin .
after she glanced at exactly who greeted her in bed , however , it seemed as if she had munched a bit too far into the worm of the proverbial apple .
steve balled a fist and landed a short right that caught cruz squarely on the adams apple .
` ` and i happen to know that mickey has one of his famous apple cobblers stashed in his camper . ''
jane ann had already brought out fresh strawberries , yogurt , and granola , while rob contributed more cereal and toast , along with homemade apple butter .
` ` and we never got to the apple cobbler last night . ''
at the end of the meal , they all agreed they were too full for apple cobbler and would save dessert for after the meeting .
` ` stephanie , were going to have some apple cobbler and ice cream , '' jane ann said .
as she savored the warm cinnamony apples and crust complemented by the cool creamy ice cream , frannie kept sneaking glances at the scene across the road .
` ` how you like them apples bro ? ''
after a while , i went up to the counter and got us each a slice of apple pie .
i drove to the diner , arriving a few minutes early and enjoyed a delicious apple cobbler as i waited for neil to arrive .
she must be really special if you gave up eating the worlds best apple cobbler for her .
throwing all my weight behind the punch , my knuckles connected with his adams apple .
the apple had nt fallen far from that tree .
it was candy apple red , but her attempt to hide it was nt working .
teeny is baking an apple pie and we ran out of sugar .
i could smell the hot cinnamon crust and tangy apples from the companionway .
go up to canada and pick apples .
he does nt move , though i can see him swallow , his adams apple rising , then falling .
her hair grazes my adams apple .
several varieties of apples were on offer .
i glanced around occasionally , but while our waitress came in and out to service the other tables , it took another half hour until we even had our water glasses filled , the apple cider poured , and our order taken .
dad had asked for his pecan pie to be pre - packed , and jason had gotten the apple pie .
jason poked at his apple pie in curiosity .
i think this is more like apple pudding , he teased , then took a bite .
her face was weathered and rough , as if an apple had been left in a corner for far too long .
it held a wealth of civil war items , historic farm tools , apple presses , and much more .
heinrik watched as a rusted blade pierced from out of the guards adams apple .
there was a steady flow of people , including costermongers ( named after people who once just sold large apples called coasters but now sold everything anyone would buy ) with their colourful barrows and carts , and distinctive clothes .
boys like these would buy items such as onion greens or apples in the covent garden market before dawn then spend the morning trying to sell them to housewives too poor to have servants .
he ignored the people who tried to sell him apples and fried foods , and stepped into a tea shop inside a departmental store .
the costermongers believe the police are just thieves in uniforms , sending little girls selling apples and flowers off to jail , where they ll die on the treadmill .
he could be on the street selling apples , could he not ?
` ` when the body is found , an apple core stuffed in its mouth , someone in the metropolitan police force is led , by a tosher , to the location .
i was in exeter station , he told amy , and while i was changing trains i saw betty , among the beggars and vendors , sitting at the edge of the walkway , selling apples and oranges .
pretty close but no apple pie .
i do believe this coincides with god creating mankind inside the storyline when adam and eve attacked that damn apple and were expelled from paradise .
malum is the latin word for apple .
an old man spilled a cardboard box full of apples .
i tried to change places immediately a manoeuvre not easily executed in a bus full of people , apples , chicks , rucksacks , uniforms and simit crumbs .
three rows of gold pear trees , garnet plum trees , and crab apple trees stand between the natural forest and patches of red strawberries , green shelled watermelons , and rows of colorful yellow , orange , and red vegetables .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
chloe swings and parks inside the ugly apple green loveseat .
she has white skin inherited from an english great - great grandmother with a set of black wavy hair , a pair of red thin lips , no coloring on her apple cheekbones .
she tastes the raw dry apple breathe from her tiny lunch at noon .
mary margaret tastes the dry apples inside her mouth , because she does nt have any thick coat of salvia to swallow down her tight throat , but she might vomit on his boot toes .
she halts eyelashes at the sight then views his adams apple .
mary margaret shifts then rubs her fingernails across his deltoid shoulders , between his deltoid breasts , over his heart organ , down to his belly button , up to his adams apple while tucker giggles without catching her active hands .
mary margaret reaches around his manly throat and then gently tickles his adams apple with her left hand .
i knew jennifer was a bad apple and i wanted to know if melissa would be able to withstand the constant assaults , physical and psychological , that her sister perpetrated .
uh , well , i have nt had any beverage besides apple juice , milk and water in thirteen years .
emily was drinking apple juice from a wine glass .
he bent his head back to get out of her reach , and she slammed her fist into his exposed adams apple .
apple or orange ?
hyder smiled , handed her the apple juice .
it was better to remove the worm , so to speak , rather than let it spoil the rest of the apple .
` ` yeah , everyday she comes to the diner at 9:45 and grabs a cup of coffee and a thin slice of apple pie .
he wore an ugly short sleeve collared twill blend shirt that zipped from the sternum up to his adams apple but he only zipped it half way .
the three girls went downstairs for grilled cheese sandwiches on wheat bread and apple slices .
her mom came brought her a grilled cheese sandwich on wheat , cut at an angle , with apple slices and an identical plate for her .
two big macs and supersize fries , big iced tea , and even a couple of apple pies .
he stepped inside the arc , blocked it with his forearm and chopped at lurchs adams apple .
even as a child , she had thought it smelled like cinnamon and bread baking and sometimes apple pie , even when there was nothing in the oven.oaks , pines and poplars surrounded it , with the winter months allowing beautiful views of the surrounding black mountains .
after eating a somewhat mealy apple from her apple tree , she put on her favorite overalls , combat boots and floppy hat and walked the half - mile to the front pasture to feed and water her five goats .
after eating a somewhat mealy apple from her apple tree , she put on her favorite overalls , combat boots and floppy hat and walked the half - mile to the front pasture to feed and water her five goats .
i d just taken the first bite from my apple when the footsteps made their presence known again .
george erikson sat in a plastic lawn chair under the apple tree .
i buried it in a steel box right under where george had his tight buns parked , right under the apple tree barney and i planted the first year we were married .
this apple pie is pretty good , considerin how bad your baking usually is , grandma johnson said .
a piece of apple pie with whipped cream topping called to me from the table .
apples and corn that i had thrown in a pile had been whittled down to next to nothing , and deer tracks crisscrossed everywhere .
when i woke up , the last of the apples and corn had been eaten and half the day was gone .
i replenished the apples and corn from a well - stocked barret in the corner , closed up , and trudged back to get ready for chesters funeral .
i watched little donny dip into the apple pie .
i was fleetingly grateful that i d buried my money under the apple tree instead of in the box spring , which lay shredded in ribbons .
a doe and her half - grown fawn grazed on the apple pile .
i had hit my head on the top of the truck when it rolled , and i could feel a knot the size of an apple beginning to swell over my eye .
you can also add 2 or 3 chopped apples and a dash of cinnamon to the batter right before pouring into the baking pan .
serves 1 1/3 cup rolled oats 3/4 cup milk 1/4 cup apple , chopped 1/2 tsp cinnamon 1/8 tsp ground cloves dash nutmeg 1/2 tsp salt 2 tablespoons maple syrup 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts bring milk to boil .
add oats , apples , spices , and salt .
` ` cherry , peach , or dutch apple . ''
` ` dutch apple . ''
i watched him dish up the largest piece of dutch apple .
the all - american girl , mom and apple pie .
the north section of red lake was nt any improvement over the south end , except that it started to rain off and on , and i changed my fantasies from strawberry milkshakes to hot chocolate and warm apple pie .
and a nice glass of organic apple juice .
then i thought about putting some more apples into the shopping cart , and i decided i did nt really want any more apples .
then i thought about putting some more apples into the shopping cart , and i decided i did nt really want any more apples .
she passed me an apple , which i had to eat so she would nt know how many donuts i d had .
i woke up when the sun came up , and joined the others around the campfire , getting out an apple to keep from getting hungry .
not loaded , he said , getting out another sandwich and an apple .
i ve got some apples , i said .
the non - dried stuff , such as apples , weigh a ton .
and the dried stuff ( such as dried apple slices ) makes you thirstier , so you need extra water , which weighs a ton .
pricey brands like banana republic , williams - sonoma , anne taylor , and an apple store were scattered among ethnic restaurants and little boutiques .
the local paper had carried pictures of talbert k. washington in his younger daysdoing everything from selling apples to raising money for boy scouts to petting puppies at the local animal shelter .
i walked alexandra to her car , which was an almost new , candy apple red mazda miata .
i looked around , at apple annies motel and the street walkers outside the tinted window , where are we going , anyway ?
i dug into my sack and found that mom had packed a bologna and cheese sandwich and an apple .
jason jumped down from the branch letting go of his paper bag and apple , but not his canteen .
demey returned with a tray laden down with breakfast : fresh fruit , eggs benedict , and freshly baked apple turnovers .
in the kitchen , there was leftover chinese food in the fridge and three apples .
in soho we passed the flagship stores for prada and apple , and galleries with photographs of bob dylan and audrey hepburn .
his adams apple bobbed hard enough to look like it hurt .
i bobbed up like an apple in a water barrel and swiveled around .
how do you like them apples ?
them apples were something he evidently thought he should gnaw on , because he evaded my glower and stared out the window into the front yard .
i added a few apples , oranges , and bananas from a basket on the counter .
tempting arrays of samples were everywhere : muscadine and jalapeno jellies , marmalades , canned cobblers , pickled okra , apple butter , along with crackers and plastic spoons .
honeymooners , twila said after the hostess seated us and took our drink orders iced tea for twila and a mug of apple cider for me .
the apple does nt fall far from the tree , she mused .
the doorway led into the kitchen , and jack nonchalantly picked up an apple from the bowl of fruit on the table , tossed it in the air , then took a huge bite on his way into the garden room .
i grabbed a couple of hershey bars the one with peanuts , a blue berry push - pop , and a couple of sour sprays in strawberry and apple flavor .
he felt the adams apple go soft in his fingers .
i opened up my bag lunch of peanut butter and jelly , a coke , pretzels , and an apple .
a smoldering hole the size of an apple appeared in popes forehead as he fell face first on top of quince .
it was a warm breezy day , perfect for basking in the sun with the woman of his dreams , the apple of his eye .
now it was snow white , and her skin , which had been of the famous english peaches and cream variety , had , over the past few months , crumpled into wrinkles like a dried out apple .
i glanced at her and managed a weak smile , then looked at the apple in my hand and could n't imagine finishing my lunch .
elsa moved her hand beneath mine and took hold of the apple i had forgotten was there .
when she had the apple just so , she gazed into my eyes , slid her tongue across the skin , and took a bite where i 'd last taken one .
she pushed her tongue between my teeth , and i was vaguely aware of the taste of apple .
she placed the apple in my palm and closed my fingers around it .
we walked past the restrooms , and i dropped the apple into a trash can .
her hair was still damp from her shower and smelled of apples .
peter and vladimir are long gone , but the bad apple does nt fall far from the tree , he said , wrinkling his brow with concern .
it is commonly known in the west as an apple charlotte .
mavis reminded her that she and william were going to apple tree theater in highland park that night .
in one nightmarish image , she discovered darlas body hanging from her favorite apple tree out back .
following after like a puppy , she grabbed several apples as they passed through the kitchen , and quickly shoved them into her pocket before picking up the second can and trailing him to the truck .
ow - my spposed ter make me apple and blackberry jam now ?
when the cherry and apple trees began to blossom , the snowbirds returned home .
sally smelled of sunshine and apples .
the receptionist presided over a switchboard worthy of a war room - taking , switching , holding calls ; attacking fifty buttons with candy apple nails .
want some apple ?
gus climbed across the top of the cage and down the side to where michael held a slice of apple .
gus liked both the apple and the scratch so he was still for a moment .
newton replaced the angels with a force ; the same force that makes an apple fall to the ground or a giant ape fall from the top of a building .
` ` i saw some elephants in the zooand a baby dinosaurare you gon na eat your apple ? ''
in fact , i had had three cups of coffee and he had a piece of apple pie with ice cream , and four iced teas .
you let go of an apple and it will fall .
and he s got a big un , like a babies arm holding an apple sharon continued in her broad northwest of england accent .
his mouth hung open and the tongue was swollen , but there was no look of horror on his face , he had been dead way before this , looking further down the gruesome photograph jamess neck hung open with a clean cut right across his adams apple , you could almost see down his throat at what he had eaten for dinner .
her blue eyes were sincerely kind and her cheekbones were round like apples .
archie slipped the horse an apple then saddled him up .
on separate occasions he had been caught stealing seven apples , an overcoat , a box of cigars , a sewing machine and the roast .
sheriff , ill bring your warm apple pie when you re ready , janice said , glancing pointedly at my fading smug expression .
there i loaded up on energy bars and apples for my hike .
she looks like one of those asian models for sour apple flavored calamari treats . ''
he stopped and bought a coffee for himself and some apple juice for sophie .
` ` she has an adam 's apple . ''
` ` an adam 's apple does n't preclude someone from being honest , caring , and attractive , it just makes it less likely . ''
charlie gave his mother her medication , wiped her mouth , fed her what little she would take in , but by now she was mostly having sips of water or apple juice , and he listened as she lamented losing her looks and her things , as she remembered being a great beauty , the belle of the ball at parties before he was born , an object of desire , which clearly she loved more than being a wife or a mother or any of the dozen other faces she had worn in her life .
and she did n't have an adam 's apple , which was a big plus in ray 's book lately .
his face was candy - apple red from having been burned by the pepper spray .
the apple of his eye , the light of his life , his pride and joy , hung up on him .
she spoke matter - of - factly , as though she had been telling him her private recipe for apple pandowdy or treacle cake .
eliot stopped smiling and swallowed so hard his adam 's apple pulsed .
` ` here 's your apple juice and crackers . ''
the room smelled faintly of cinnamon and apples from the potpourri in a glass bowl .
our mother needed someone here and i ... '' his adam 's apple moved with a hard swallow .
hers was blue with a giant red apple on the front .
the tall goth was probably in his early twenties , lanky , big adam 's apple .
` ` i ' m working on the family tree , '' she said , ` ` and i ' m finding a lot of bad apples . ''
the leaves had n't really started turning yet , but the air had that apple - cider quality to it .
the roll was from last week 's annual trip to chester for apple picking .
next came max with his arm stretched up to pick a gala apple .
there were several more shots of grace and the children with a variety of apples , trees , baskets .
there were more hayrides , more apples , more arms raised in mid - pick .
` ` the one we took at the apple orchard . ''
she ran away to the big apple when she was fifteen , ended up strung out and homeless in atlantic city .
he snapped his arm forward and planted his left elbow deep in the man 's adam 's apple .
i bent my right arm and smashed my forearm into the adam 's apple .
poison said that he had used it successfully , and that his updated version included the latest versions of unix , apple and windows .
a half - empty thermos of coffee , some apples , a change of clothes .
` ` these two are seriously rotten apples , '' andersson said .
at 7.00 she left the hotel and set out to buy mangos and apples .
` ` breakfast , '' she said , leaning against the wall and taking a bite of an apple .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple visibly sliding up and down .
winston 's adam 's apple bopped up and down continuously as he swallowed .
screw the cream - colored ponies and crisp apple strudel getting sucked off by a working pro was one of his favorite things .
the fact that he was straight and married to the beautiful and famous sara lowell made it all the better even though sanders tried to take some shine off the apple by dragging out michael 's stepdad . ''
` ` i wish we had some apples , '' radar said .
` ` god , would n't an apple taste good right now ? ''
` ` you can buy apples , '' i tell her .
` ` apples , '' she mumbles happily in a cute little girl voice .
` ` i likey the apples . ''
as claude was slicing an apple for himself and i was peeling a banana , he broke that comfortable silence .
i spooned it into bowls , then cut squares of jell - o and put them on plates , adding apple slices that lou had already prepared .
as i wiped up slopped tomato sauce , put more sliced apples into luke 's bowl , stopped krista from poking anna with a spoon , i gradually became aware that eve was quieter than the others .
although i could n't usually tell the difference between one wine brand and the other , even my inconsequential taste buds picked up a hint of gooseberry and apple .
the extra batteries she had ordered for her apple powerbook ( g4 titanium with a seventeen - inch screen ) had finally arrived .
she walked gingerly over to the 7 - eleven , where she bought some shampoo , toothpaste , soap , kefir , milk , cheese , eggs , bread , frozen cinnamon rolls , coffee , lipton 's tea bags , a jar of pickles , apples , a large package of billy 's pan pizza , and a pack of marlboro lights .
she ate a meal consisting of a billy 's pan pizza , which she heated in the microwave , and a sliced apple .
salander stopped at the 7 - eleven and bought a week 's worth of food : a jumbo pack of billy 's pan pizza , three frozen fish casseroles , three bacon pies , two pounds of apples , two loaves of bread , a pound of cheese , milk , coffee , a carton of marlboro lights , and the evening papers .
she sat on the porch and drank some water and ate an apple .
salander had made coffee on bjurman 's stove and eaten another apple .
on the kitchen table was a bowl of apples .
* * * salander reached for an apple in her backpack without taking her eyes off the farm .
` ` harriet was the apple of my eye .
the rucksack contained her white apple ibook 600 with a 25 - gig hard drive and 420 megs of ram , manufactured in january 2002 and equipped with a 14 - inch screen .
unsurprisingly she set her sights on the best available alternative : the new apple powerbook g4/1.0 ghz in an aluminium case with a powerpc 7451 processor with an altivec velocity engine , 960 mb ram and a 60 gb hard drive .
she got up , drank two glasses of kefir , and ate an apple .
yep , the picture belonged in a frame on mommy and daddy 's mantel or a suburban high school yearbook circa 1985 , the kind of thing with a life - summing write - up underneath it , a life - defining quote from james taylor or bruce springsteen followed by so - so enjoyed being secretary / treasurer of the key club , her fondest memories including hanging out with jenny and sharon t at the big w , popcorn in mrs . kennilworth 's class , band practice behind the parking lot , that kind of apple - pie stuff .
myron looked for an adam 's apple .
lord passed a roadside stand where locals peddled apples and saw the patrol car .
i ate an apple and a left - over chicken breast while flipping through jane engle 's copy of the murderers ' who 's who .
mark russell and his wife were sitting with the practiced posture of those who listen to many speakers ; his partner , jamie dietrich , a lanky man with a huge adam 's apple , stifled a yawn .
is this how eve felt when satan offered her an apple ?
antonio swaggered in , biting an apple .
the two agents had worked on the same squad together when connolly was stationed in the big apple , and they had remained friends ever since .
i hover by the fruit bowl and lamely act like i ' m examining the apples .
` ` you seem awfully fascinated by those apples . ''
better to look fascinated by apples and pears than like a lonely loser .
a christmas tree towers in the center , draped in gold tinsel with apple ornaments .
before i make a move , two pairs of hands slide underneath my armpits and lift me right off the ground like i weigh as much as a bag of apples .
` ` rose said you threw an apple at dorothy and gave her a black eye . ''
` ` apple , '' he said with a shrug .
` ` no , apple is fine , '' she said , reaching for her martini hungrily .
a few minutes later , a waiter showed up with a bright green hookah and their apple selection .
she breathed out the smoke and then licked her lips , surprised by how refreshing the faint hint of apple was .
she tasted like the apple hookah and lip gloss .
ramsey swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing with his uncertainty about where this was going .
` ` ah , hints of gooseberries and apple blossoms , '' shannon said .
` ` i 'll have the apple tart , '' julian said calmly .
i offered him an apple but he would n't take it .
they ate their fill of apples , oranges , and bananas , and split a pineapple and a mango .
this one was of a bouquet of roses , that one of apples .
many of the smaller appliances were candy apple red and she had decorated with a splash of animal prints ; again , i was very pleased .
back then , she was audrey oscars , '' she said setting down a bag of apples .
if you want apple , i bet i could find some . ''
i also get the last head of lettuce and the last apple crumble pie from the tiny bakery in the back .
i get up to warm the apple crumble as mom , dad and sawyer clear up the rest of the meal and put away the leftovers .
before i ' m even allowed coffee , i ' m shoved in front of the apple peeler and told to get to work .
after i ' m finished with the apples , she sends me into the living room to start setting up crafts for when the minions get here .
` ` i ' ve asked the chef to make apple pie for the american here . ''
` ` right now i think it 's time to eat some apple pie . ''
when he promised never to hide anything from me again , i felt so horribly guilty that i could n't even taste the apple pie for dessert .
finally , she thrust a bright candy apple red scarf at me .
his eyes are full of unshed tears , and his adam 's apple is bobbing with the force of his emotions .
` ` see ya , dad , '' i called out , snatching an apple from the fruit bowl .
pulling an apple from my bag , i sunk my teeth into it and gave her a challenging smile .
` ` yeah , '' i said , grabbing an apple from the counter .
it was a good thing i had n't just sunk my teeth into the apple in my hand because i would have choked on it .
` ` and if you were to quantify enough , that number would be ... '' i dropped my apple too .
` ` it does n't help , but thanks for the foot note , '' i said , snatching my apple back up .
i chewed this over while i chewed my apple .
curling my fingers through his , i took another bite of apple .
i said , crunching apple bits .
two jude 's head reclined in my lap as he crunched into an apple and stared at the ceiling of the dome .
` ` tomorrow 's the big day , '' he said around another bite of apple .
` ` well , i ' ve been on the losing side of the money game my whole life , and i know for a fact that money can make your life better if you ca n't even find enough quarters in the couch cushions to do a load of laundry at the local suds n ' wash . '' dropping his apple to the side , he sat up and turned until he was facing me .
i want to pour her cup of apple juice now ! ''
lj stood up in his chair and gave my back a few whacks while i sipped some apple juice .
` ` you had kashi cereal for dinner last night and your standard apple for breakfast , '' she said , pulling my hair back and braiding it .
i knew i might regret it , but i wanted an apple .
popping up , i weaved through a few bodies to get to my coveted apple .
i forgot about the apple .
` ` i can almost taste your apple pie now . ''
mortified heat flooded her cheeks as she bent to pull from the oven the apple cobbler she 'd made from the ingredients she 'd cleared out of her apartment .
did n't have time to do anything but put the apple cobbler on the counter before the door to the bedroom swung wide open , the guys obviously alerted that something was up by the sound of her too - loud alarm .
partly because the apples she 'd brought from home were pretty much the only thing she had to work with and partly because she 'd seen the darkness in his eyes the night before and she 'd wanted to lighten it , even for a few moments .
she held up a spoonful of the apple crumble .
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
` ` i ' m bringing apples , '' i said .
` ` i ' m bringing apples and blueberries , '' simon said .
` ` i ' m bringing apples and blueberries and coc**ne . ''
` ` i ' m bringing apples and blueberries and coc**ne and drama . ''
i was not going to let him ruin my enjoyment of baked apple french toast .
` ` apple , pumpkin or cherry ? ''
guess the apple did n't fall far from that tree .
i swear , these two are going to kill each other over a game of apples to apples .
i swear , these two are going to kill each other over a game of apples to apples .
my normally organized ( the apple did n't fall far from the tree ) sister was scatterbrained and careless .
` ` yeah , guess the apple does n't fall far from the tree , '' katie said , elbowing me .
he swallowed , and my eyes followed the bobbing of his adam 's apple .
i watched his adam 's apple bob in his throat , watched his powerful hands curl into loose fists and release .
ryan put his seatbelt on , her first attempt at an apple pie wobbling on his lap as he clicked it into place .
back then she was audrey oscars , '' she said putting a bag of apples up .
if you want apple , i bet i could find some .
i walked out of tiffany 's and headed to the apple store .
' worm in the apple ? ' ''
they had sold six point five million albums to date , which was really impressive in the digital age , and over nine million downloads of their biggest hit , worm in the apple .
` ` because i have these ... '' he half pulled out a packet of tim tams ` ` ... or you can have an apple , '' he said in disgust , ` ` if that 's what you want . ''
i pluck the apple from the tree .
i notice stephens ' adam 's apple move as he swallows , and the edges of his strong jaw as his teeth grind together .
the waitress appears with two huge pieces of apple pie .
i have n't had apple pie since i left home .
his head tipped down toward mine , and though his expression was carefully blank , i saw his adam 's apple bob once and then again as he swallowed .
that is until i took a bite and found lumps of something sweet that might have been apples mixed into the potatoes .
after our last food adventure with apple mashed potatoes and blood soup , mcdonald 's fries were more valuable than gold .
jesse snatched an apple from the copper bowl on the counter .
yes , it is , '' he said , crunching into the apple .
he sunk his teeth into the apple again , his eyes gleaming .
` ` like i lost something , '' he said before chewing the chunk of apple in his mouth .
jesse gulped down what was left of the apple in his mouth .
` ` yeah , well , rowen kind of made me work hard for it , '' jesse said , back to working on his apple .
after making a dinner of cold meatloaf sandwiches and potato salad for the guys and dropping it off at the bunkhouse , we 'd slaved away making pie pastry , picking green beans , and peeling , coring , and slicing apples .
` ` back to the matter of spineless city boys moving in on one of our girls ... '' garth was behind me , trekking through the tall grass with a couple of apples .
garth held out an apple to each horse and flashed me a wicked grin .
after settling on an apple fritter , she downed that sucker in three bites .
she held out the steaming piece of apple pie , and waited .
` ` do n't eat any more of those little bastard carrots then , '' i teased , exchanging the baggie of carrots for an apple .
jesse 's mouth curved up on one side before biting into the apple .
` ` everyone knows that , '' jesse said around a bite of apple .
jesse set down the apple and twisted toward me .
jesse , who was back to working on the apple , went rail stiff in the booth .
comparing bad days to good days was like comparing apples to oranges .
instead of a grape , a wedge of apple slapped against my cheek .
she was pale , had snowy white blond hair and big ole green eyes that looked like a granny smith apple .
it was apple juice and vinegar . ''
i inhaled sharply , breathing in his soft apple scent from our shared body wash . would he ever stop making me hurt and heal at the same time ?
to the right , an apple velvet pool table glowed beneath a low hung red chandelier .
a tear oozed and dripped onto the felt , turning apple to forest .
all i had were my legs , and a few apples i managed to steal from the kitchen .
his familiar apple scent and size all overwhelmed , and i did the one thing i swore not to do .
he swallowed beneath my touch , adam 's apple bobbing with masculinity .
so amazingly sexy hanging from the ceiling , tempting me like the apple tempted f**king eve .
an apple , a juice box , a twinkie , a packet of heart - shaped candy and something wrapped in wax paper .
i need you big , strong and healthy , '' she said sweetly from behind me as a tiny pink plate was passed over my shoulder , with a small heart shaped sandwich in the middle surrounded by apples cut into flower shapes .
i grab an apple from a basket on the table , no longer wanting to talk about it because it 's in the past , where it belongs .
my mom hated it and would always put something healthy in my hand , like an apple or a carrot , then when she 'd turn away , my dad would steal it and wink at me as he handed me a sucker or a candy bar .
his adam 's apple moved with a hard swallow before he kissed me quickly and rolled off of me .
welcome to the big apple tapping my foot , i waited in baggage claim at jfk for melissa and dean .
the line at the natick collection ( we do n't even call it a ` ` mall '' - that 's too common ) apple store during a new hardware release looks like a soup kitchen line during a famine .
davey was in his car , which was about as crappy as darla 's , the shade of old , faded shit with a candy apple red replacement roof .
i had wanted to meet him , of course , since the first time i heard his smoky voice as he seemed to sing his way into my clitoris and my heart , but inviting him to a house with yellow walls -not from paint , or some martha stewart magazine photo , but from decades of mama 's chain smoking , and linoleum held together with asbestos and apple juice spills - ground in just how bad my life must look to someone from the outside .
and then it just unfolded and dropped , like an apple that decides to release itself from its ripe little connection to the large tree .
i could see his adam 's apple bobble a little and trevor grinned at me , a crazy , madcap kind of grin .
he swallowed so hard i could see his adam 's apple bob , but his face remained placid .
most guys who are tall and slim have long necks with adam 's apples that poke out , as if announcing their presence .
` ` if they lowball me , '' she said , ` ` i 'll make a few quick changes and offer it to apple and google for a whole different purpose .
an apple , a protein bar , cashews , a small plastic container of fresh blueberries , and a four - piece box of godiva chocolates .
she smiled , slow and deliberate , imitating the symbol of eve and everything a man would give up just for a taste of a poison apple .
trystan beamed at her , holding up an apple and a roll for her to ring up .
the apple he was about to bite was midway to his mouth , but it hung there suspended in motion as he watched mari run into the building .
trystan flinched , bit the apple , and threw the core into the nearby garbage pail .
trystan stared straight ahead , ` ` i threw an apple core and got busted . ''
he had an apple in his hand and was about to take a bite when seth sat down hard across from him .
trystan rolled the apple in his palm , and lifted his gaze .
i nod , grabbing an apple from the kitchen counter .
it connects below her h*ps with a snake wrapped around a red crystal apple , the symbol of evil eve .
you want the viewer 's eye to rest on the curve of her back , right where that apple is .
that one with the apple makes a really cool mask , '' he laughs and i spew a sip of wine , trying to stifle a laugh .
after a moment , james turns to ask , ` ` do you have an apple or something ? ''
james lifts the apple in the air .
james opens the front door and throws the remains of the apple outside .
em grabs an apple from the fridge .
she bites the apple and runs for the door , practically tripping over her feet .
you 'd think the apple does n't fall far from the tree , but some apples do .
you 'd think the apple does n't fall far from the tree , but some apples do .
my ensemble includes the candy apple colored corset , lace - topped thigh highs , and a delicate little g - string , coupled with heels that could be used as weapons .
i took the last bite of my apple and threw the core into the trash .
i did , and he put a slice of apple in my mouth .
his fingers held another slice of apple , and i opened my mouth , and he slid it inside .
logan tried to feed me another piece of apple , but i turned my head away .
his corded muscles contracted , and his adam 's apple moved up then down as he swallowed .
logically i knew that , but finding that trust again ... it was like reaching for an apple too high up in the tree .
my mother beams at me and i shake my head , chopping an apple on a cutting board .
she reaches behind her back and refastens the tie on her apron with little apple patterns on it .
i set the chopping knife down and reach for another apple .
she grabs an apple and a bottle of water and joins me on the couch , tucking her skirt underneath her legs as she sits down .
she shrugs and bites into the apple .
a piece of apple falls out of her mouth and lands on her lap .
she springs up and tosses the apple core into the garbage next to the sofa .
his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows hard .
when the waitress comes by , i order more coffee and a slice of apple pie .
the apples are warm and the crust is light and buttery .
i nearly choke on an apple .
i just smile politely and say , ` ` yeah , sean 's always pissed away money like a drunk sailor when he hits the big apple . ''
most of them are cheating on their wives too , so how about them apples ?
we were sitting outside on the adirondack chairs on the porch , bundled in warm sweaters and drinking spiked apple cider , when my phone rang .
then i struck him in the throat , driving his adam 's apple in until he and his gun dropped to the floor .
here was a man with an empire , one of the most dangerous drug lords , someone with immense power and sway , and there i was , the apple of his eye .
he peered at me , his adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed hard .
thankfully , i bought that protection case when i bought this phone , otherwise i ' m sure i 'd be at the apple store shelling out another couple hundred bucks for a new one .
i pause for a second and then say , ` ` i 'll have the chicken apple pecan salad . ''
his adam 's apple moves gently as he swallows .
the air was cool , but with a heat of something warmer coming , the sweet scent of apple blossoms filling my mind .
i kissed his adam 's apple , down the the strong curve of his collarbone , down to one hard , erect nipple .
we drove by gray 's lake and the crab - apple forest , but the blossoms were long gone .
i passed by a local newsstand as a headline caught my eye : ` ` welcome to the big apple , jack carter !
` ` two pieces of apple pie and two root beers . ''
i lift a forkful of apple pie to my lips .
i cough into my fist because there 's a lump the size of an apple in my throat .
she always gave the horses she shoed an apple for their troubles and would secret lovely things into their ears .
as the teacher walked over to commend kate on her perfectly proportioned apples , i wondered if the retired school teacher had been around when kellan was in school .
` ` they 're apple flavored . ''
god , i love apple flavor .
it 's so much better than actual apples .
wanting to lean down and taste the apple on his tongue , i instead decided to stick up for my rights .
shaking my head , i leaned down and pressed my lips to his ; the apple was as marvelous as i 'd thought it would be .
letting out a long , stuttered breath , i shoved the note in my apron and pulled out an apple lollipop .
she smiled as she sucked on an apple lollipop .
when everyone had their shots - except my sister , of course , who was at the other end of the table staring at a cup of apple juice like it was toxic - we lifted them to make a toast .
she 'll be apples . ''
she came bearing gifts in the form of bottles of apple juice , apple schnapps , and vodka .
she came bearing gifts in the form of bottles of apple juice , apple schnapps , and vodka .
` ` apple juice , huh ? ''
i painted my nails candy apple red to match my shoes , and my lipstick .
i could n't see much of him except a huge adam 's apple when the cherry flared .
big adam 's apple , big mouth that flexed easily into a lupine grin .
wesley flicking my ear in the hall and tossing me an apple .
i let go of his hand and he stared at me , and i worried that this was pointless , that i was trying to explain quantum mechanics to someone who thought gravity was just apples falling .
there were scenes i did n't even remember : me seeming forlorn and angry , kicking my bike over , flinging crab apples at a brick wall , sitting on a curb with my head in my hands .
i was tucked close to asher with my belly full and my favorite hard apple cider in my hand .
for dessert , i made apple cobbler with vanilla ice - cream .
` ` you sound like you 're really enjoying your food , '' he said , watching me take a bite of apple cobbler .
` ` yeah , '' he said , leaning over to give me a very sweet vanilla apple kiss .
oh , there was nothing sorrowful in flowers wooing the glances of an april sun , or apple blossoms opening one by one their crimson bosoms - or the twittered words and warbled sentences of merry birds ; - or the small glitter and the humming wings of golden flies and many colored things- oh , these were nothing sad - nor to see her , sitting beneath the comfortable stir of early leaves - casting the playful grace of moving shadows in so fair a face- nor in her brow serene - nor in the love of her mild eyes drinking the light above with a long thirst - nor in her gentle smile- nor in her hand that shone blood - red the while she raised it in the sun .
all these were dear to heart and eye - but an invisible fear shook in the trees and chilled upon the air , and if one spot was laughing brightest - there my soul most sank and darkened in despair ! - as if the shadows of a curtained room haunted me in the sun - as if the bloom of early flow'rets had no sweets for me , nor apple blossoms any blush to see- as if the hour had brought too bright a day- and little birds were all too gay ! -too gay ! - as if the beauty of that lovely one were all a fable.-full before the sun stood death and cast a shadow long before , like a dark pall enshrouding her all o'er , till eyes , and lips , and smiles , were all no more !
i really wished i would have freshened up before rushing out of the diner tonight , but it was dark and cole was far enough away maybe he would n't smell the odd mix of tarragon and apple on my clothes .
we really should have had two servers on today , but with a little energy surge from me and some extra patience from the customers , everyone got their apple and vanilla bean crepes or andouille sausage and caramelized onion crepes in a timely manner without me dropping a single order .
` ` she 'll love you if you give her an apple , '' a deep , unfamiliar voice drawled behind me , a hint of a strange accent detectable .
he went to a bag near the door of her stall , pulling out an apple , and handing it to me .
i smiled at him while i tried to feed nanny the apple .
i pulled back with a startled yip when she tried to take the apple from my hand , fingers and all .
he positioned my hand around the apple so that my fingers were n't sticking out like tempting targets .
he held the apple to her with me , and she took it this time without touching me with her teeth .
i moved hastily away from pete after nanny had the apple .
he introduced me to devil by handing me an apple , and a warning .
james handed me another apple to give to the friendly palomino .
i had just assumed , with her family wealth and incredible looks , that she would fit right into the big apple .
she sits in the chair next to me , pulling out some crackers and apple juice and handing them to me .
he swallowed heavily , his adam 's apple moving in the dim light .
i watch his adam 's apple bob in his throat , watch his lips move .
that had n't changed ; her br**sts were fuller than before , her stomach slightly more rounded , her h*ps a little plumper , her ass less of a tight apple and more of a juicy bouncing pair of curves that taunted him when she walked .
after ordering something yummy made from carrots , ginger , apples , and other stuff , she sat down near a bookcase covered with books patrons could read while they enjoyed their food .
closing her arms around little jillian 's chubby body , legs like chunks of soft dough , cheeks the color of freshly picked cider apples in late october , made laura feel like her heart was safely behind her ribs again .
you said most of the guys are good guys ... who 's the bad apple ? ''
it 's one thing to admire the apple on the tree .
i set the bags of apples and grapes on the belt next .
her cheeks looked like apples when she laughed .
i put two apple pies in the back of the fridge for you to take home with you later . ''
she then dumped a bowl of cut apples into the pan with the dough , sprinkled some sugar and cinnamon on top , then placed the dough she had already rolled out on top of the now - full pie pan .
the source goes on to say i ' m just like my father , who 's been embroiled with one scandal after another ever since the beginning of his career with the oakland a 's : ` ` like father , like son , the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
i wandered into the kitchen and reached for an apple inside the three - tiered , silver - looking wire basket that hung by the side of my kitchen sink .
they had one of those baskets too , towering with fruit - apples , oranges , nectarines , lemons that threatened to spill out - in our home in connecticut .
i washed the apple and then headed into the living room .
i took another bite of the apple , as i raised the shades halfway to look out onto twenty - second street .
` ` same to you , '' i said , as i placed the half - eaten apple on the coffee table .
there were a few pieces of art on the walls - reproductions of the magritte with an apple in front of a man 's face , and one of mark rothko 's abstract images in solid red .
from the spark in his eyes and the quick jerk of his adam 's apple , she could tell he liked what he saw .
his adam 's apple leaped once , twice , and his hand found abbey 's leg again .
he took a step towards vane and vane took a step back , swallowing so hard his adam 's apple almost disappeared into his chest .
nick 's adam 's apple jumped .
she tried to eat an apple but threw it away after one bite .
everything will be homemade from the apple pie to the moonshine . ''
he swallowed hard , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
i was enjoying the combination : green apple sweetness in my mouth , his sexy cologne and body scent in my nose , the sound of ladies shopping for clothes all around us , and his long fingers running in the wild waterpark in my panties .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple moving up and down .
he handed me an apple , the one piece of real food available in the hospital vending machine .
i took the apple .
holding my apple to my chest , i sat .
he helped me onto the apple box as the astronomer showed me how to look into the telescope .
though daniel was as american as apple pie , it felt like a final good - bye .
at priest 's words , the kid stopped and stood completely still , his adam 's apple bobbing , his gaze glued to priest 's back .
i also liked hot fudge sundaes , grams 's biscuits smothered in apple butter and a variety of other things that were n't real good for me , so it was a battle i had no hope of winning .
i was in the kitchen standing at the counter in my pajamas , arranging the cinnamon apple slices on top of the coffeecake batter , when i sensed movement to my side .
his stubbled chin came to rest on my shoulder and i knew he was watching my hands arrange apple slices .
` ` apple cinnamon streusel coffeecake , '' i told him .
i was smoothing the top layer of batter over the apples when i answered , ` ` yeah . ''
` ` better , she accepts you just as you are , then makes a special coffeecake with apples and does n't skimp on the streusel , which is the best part .
` ` that 's mine , '' he whispered , his eyes on my mouth as his thumb slid back then he watched is slide over the apple my cheek .
his hand came up and his fingertips trailed along the apple of my cheek as he muttered , ` ` fuck , my baby 's sweet . ''
a huge bowl filled with apples , oranges and bananas in the middle .
he had a plate on his stomach that had a jumble of crackers , slices of cheese , a cut up apple and a handful of store bought cookies .
i had lazed in gray 's huge , awesome bed while he did the taxing work of walking downstairs , cutting some slices of cheese and apple , dumping out some crackers and cookies and grabbing a couple of cold ones then walking it back up .
to hide the blush i felt creeping up at his compliment , i dipped my chin and reached out to grab a slice of apple .
he tasted of apples and gray .
and we were so into it , neither of us noticed we got crackers , cheese , apple and store bought cookies all over the bed .
then again , i bribed him with apples .
and sam , being sam , knew this and i knew he knew it when he stated , ` ` apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
` ` okay , '' i whispered , my eyes drifting closed and , as they did this , i felt the sweet sweep of his thumb across the apple of my cheek .
what worked better was , once he had his jeans on , him turning to the bed , bending over , putting a hand into it , arm straight , other arm stretched to me so his hand could come to his jaw and his thumb could sweep the apple of my cheek .
i stared in his eyes as they moved over my face and i steeled myself against how nice it felt when his hand framed one side and his thumb came out to sweep across the apple of my cheek .
i watched his face get soft as his hand came up and cupped my jaw , his thumb sliding along the apple of my cheek .
one could say my apple fell far from their tree .
his smile faded as his hand came up to my neck , palm under my ear , fingers in my hair behind it , thumb moving out to sweep the apple of my cheek .
` ` a frozen apple pie ? ''
i also knew that it was morning because i could hear fiona apple singing ` ` fast as you can '' coming from my bedroom and i knew my alarm had gone off .
i was thinking about brock and fiona apple but mostly i was thinking about how great his ass looked in his faded jeans .
i turned off the water and moved to the coffeemaker covering this reaction by asking , ` ` do you not like fiona apple ? ''
does that sound like a man who 'd like fiona apple ? ''
then i asked breathily , ` ` so , is this thanksgiving gig traditional as in pumpkin , apple and pecan pie or can i get creative ? ''
so , i made two pumpkin pies , two pecan pies and two apple pies , the traditional pies of thanksgiving and that way everyone can be sure to have what they 're looking forward to . ''
the apple one had an apple cutout border .
the apple one had an apple cutout border .
` ` french toast with caramelized cinnamon apples . ''
these bags contained brand new martini glasses ( a set of four , long stemmed , ultra sleek ) , a martini shaker , a mammoth wedge of brie , a french baton , grapes , apples , assorted olives , gherkins , red onion marmalade , assorted crackers , assorted chocolates and an enormous chunk of pate .
` ` i 'll tell you this , '' elvira announced , fanning out little slices of french baton on the plate next to fanned out little slices of apple all surrounding a gleaming , clean bunch of succulent grapes in the middle , ` ` hawk put me on radar , watched my every move for a year and a half and activated the troops when i caught trouble , there 'd be no cookie dough in sight .
` ` that means yes , '' elvira translated through a mouth full of brie and apple wedge .
` ` yours 'll do , '' he ignored my point , handed the glass back to me and then leaned forward to grab some leftover apple slices .
` ` then stay , '' hawk returned , handed me my drink and leaned forward again to nab the last of the apple slices .
` ` faye says that kid 's the apple of his eye , '' krystal kept talking .
his adam 's apple bobbed and his eyes widened before going shifty .
i ' m sayin ' that and i ' m sayin ' the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
we had pork chops and apple pie , um ... not together , of course , apple pie was dessert .
we had pork chops and apple pie , um ... not together , of course , apple pie was dessert .
i went to the hotel , made myself a sandwich , ate an apple and then took the champagne to the reception desk where ned was sitting .
my blush brush arrested on the apple of my cheek and i stared into his eyes in the mirror .
shambles swallowed and his adam 's apple bobbed when he did .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing then he started , ` ` it 's policy , sir , to - '' i stepped in mainly to move this along because i knew ty walker would repeat the word ` ` cash '' until we were physically ejected or the clerk gave up and i needed to , first , see what the hell was up with him getting us one room , second , attempt again to figure out what was happening and my part in it , third , take a shower and fourth , sleep in a bed or , better yet , buy a swimsuit and sleep by a pool .
walker watched lexie push through the door , juggling two , white plastic bags filled full with what he suspected was not apples and bananas and a cardboard container holding two huge - ass beverage cups at the same time flicking the arms out on her shades and shoving them on her face .
i grabbed the bananas and dug in the fridge for the apples and oranges , assembled them in the bowl and put them on the short side counter between the stove and the fridge .
he again put that aside and sat , julius sat opposite and lexie came out with three beers , announcing , ` ` apple pie and ice cream after dinner .
i stared up at the ceiling , smelling my candle burning ( apple ) and snatching up one of the many packs of gum around my house , unwrapping a piece and popping it into my mouth .
with this , i added a pint of milk , three bottles of water , a package of bologna , a package of american cheese slices , a loaf of bread , a box of granola bars , three apples , a bunch of bananas , a cucumber ( he would n't eat it but i had to make the effort of getting what my dad called ` ` roughage '' in him ) and a ginormous bar of hershey 's chocolate ( which he probably would eat ) .
` ` a new coat , hat , scarf , gloves , three pairs of wool socks , two pairs of jeans , two warm sweaters , some underwear , a pint of milk , three bottles of water , bologna , cheese , bread , a box of granola bars , three apples , bananas , a cucumber and a ginormous bar of hershey 's chocolate , '' i shared .
* * * * * nine fifty - five that night i was on my back on my couch , feet in the seat , knees to the ceiling , apple candle burning , snapping a piece of bubblemint in my mouth , the last glass of the wine chace brought the night before mostly consumed and sitting on a table beside me .
two apple cores .
her apple cheeks were flushed from happiness .
hugging her tightly , i breathed in her fresh apple scent , praying with all my soul she would survive beyond all doctors ' predictions .
i kissed her again , inhaling her apple scent into my lungs .
smell her apple scent .
i looked at the green apple in my hand then inhaled that , too .
the apple core was the only thing left of my piranha - speed eating .
even though i 'd eaten a sandwich and apple , jethro 's heady flavour still laced my tongue , saturating me with his essence .
i strolled in gardens surrounded by manicured hedges and even took a nap beneath the dappling leaves of an apple tree in the orchard .
his adams apple bobbed , swallowing hard .
his eyes were the only pinpoints of light until he flicked a switch , bathing the apple felt with a golden glow .
her lunch consisted of an apple , banana , and two slices of bread .
she went on talking about the fairs , the love she had for picking the fresh fruits and apples .
he was eating an apple as he looked between the two women .
he smelled like apple pie and cream .
taking a slice of apple from the picnic basket , she moved between his thighs .
no chocolate cake , no apple pie had ever been this sweet .
his adam 's apple moved in his throat as he swallowed before he said , ` ` no : ' his reply was hoarse , and rose smiled a purely feminine smile , the one she seemed to have permanently on her face since he 'd slipped his hand inside her panties on friday night .
` ` might not be a bad idea , '' jason agreed , and then rocco grinned and turned back to peeling a stack of green apples .
she cringed remembering the kiss she 'd given luke in high school , late one night when they were talking under the huge apple tree in her grandmother 's front yard .
apples and oranges ? ''
especially considering the way he 'd practically been trying to force her out the door before their walk on the beach , when he 'd been an apple and she 'd been an orange .
i could always tell , the ones who did n't really belong here - who 'd come here on the promise of something extraordinary , the magic that was the big apple , only to be terribly disillusioned the minute they stepped out of the cab .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed , heavily .
` ` but if you ... '' he swallowed hard , adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
he licked his lips , his adam 's apple bobbing noticeably as he swallowed .
through the glass , i see his adam 's apple bob up and down .
he headed back toward johanna and handed her a cup of apple juice .
last night he scared me when he turned on the kitchen light and caught me drinking an apple juice .
` ` she was sitting at the end of the same table as me , so i chucked my apple at her and it hit her in the head .
his eyes roamed over my lingerie and i did n't miss the tick of his adam 's apple as he swallowed hard .
i gawked at him , watching him scissor through the prime rib , mouth opening and closing , adam 's apple bobbing .
the warmth of my mother 's favorite airwick fragrance , apple cinnamon , flooded my nostrils .
i took a swig of apple juice to wash down the panini and glanced around the room .
i said playfully , kissing the bob of his adam 's apple .
beneath it was a white box with the signature apple logo on the front .
when shit hit the fan and dick and jane in everytown , usa read about the latest mess a prominent figure was embroiled in , i would be behind the scenes , turning crap into apple pie .
alex buys sweetmeats and red - cheeked apples and luscious purple grapes .
the adam 's apple in his throat moves like a running mouse .
she smelled like green apples .
they 'd just stopped at a table piled high with red delicious apples when reed broke out in laughter .
i still ca n't look at apples without thinking about this girl i knew in middle school . ''
` ` why , was her name apple ? ''
` ` apple schulman , the product of a hippie mom and jewish dad .
` ` i was dying for apple to go with me , but i was too terrified to ask .
` ` anyway , in the end , '' reed continued , ` ` after i realized talking to apple was n't a viable option , i decided to give her a note . ''
halfway through the second mariah carey ballad , this kid named scotty dawson cut in and whisked apple away , and they were boyfriend and girlfriend by the time her parents came to pick us up .
` ` yup , but she 's apple shulman - schwartz now .
and running a night club , which , by the way , is a job apple would probably consider scandalous . ''
she grew light - headed , her cheeks so hot she knew they must look like two enormous apples .
his friends loved her too , even shelby , who 'd given birth to an eight - pound girl bound to be the apple of her daddy 's eye .
people were naming their kids all sorts of weird things these days - maybe cash topped one of those most popular baby names lists , along with apple and potato and every other bizarre moniker .
no , scratch that - he was in the garden of f**king eden and jen was standing before him , dangling the forbidden apple under his nose .
his adam 's apple dipped as he swallowed .
sadie is the apple of her daddy 's eye .
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard .
` ` i ... '' his adam 's apple bobbed .
the driveway at crestwood place is almost half a mile long , taking me through a beautiful apple orchard and then around several fields where horses graze .
` ` still looking fine as mama 's apple pie ? ''
i know i have to be red as an apple , but i try to cover .
i watch as he swallows , his adam 's apple bobbing .
i make a couple of stops to stretch my arm and shoulder , but i ' ve got pbandj and water , plus some jerky and a couple of apples in my bag .
i watch his adam 's apple bob as i try to process what he 's saying .
` ` milk , orange juice , or apple ? ''
` ` apple , thanks . ''
i hold out two apples and a banana , like i ' m surrendering a weapon .
you like apples ?
she grabs an apple out of the paper sack , and i grab the other one , and we leave the sack in the kitchen and head out the front door .
` ` you know ... '' suri sits her apple core on a stone beside her , ` ` when lizzy said people here were like family , and i scoffed at her .
i cook some bacon , eat an apple , and pull a cuban out of my humidor .
her eyes were round and serious , and twin pink apples kissed her creamy cheeks .
the clean , apple scent of her shampoo drifted around him as he let his mouth skim the top of her head , and her mouth brushed his throat as she sighed .
he reached for the shampoo and tipped a little into his palm rather than reply , then smoothed the apple - scented cream over her hair .
in the shower a little while later he reached behind his expensive toiletries for the bottle of apple shampoo sophie had left behind on her last visit .
she watched him swallow hard and wanted to trace her index finger down his adam 's apple .
he stepped closer , and she noticed the harsh movement of his adam 's apple as he swallowed .
she kissed her daughter 's apple cheek as esther , her nanny , appeared and scooped her into her arms to go and secure her in the car .
i could see the steady , rhythmic rise and fall of his adam 's apple as he drank deeply .
so i put a few new apple - cinnamon scented candles on the coffee table and a few on the rock mantle .
bake apple pies ?
only ibm and apple .
they stopped at a public beach along the lakeshore then ate a light picnic lunch of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , apples , and water after taking a swim to cool off .
he reached back into the basket and held out two apples and a small triangle of cheddar cheese .
when that was finished , he did the same with the apples .
do you want apple or orange this time ?
cook buys oranges and apples and gives them to all the helpers .
she s the apple of his eye .
it was a pleasant fragrance that reminded him of sweet apples ripe for the picking .
the adams apple on his throat was tempting to taste .
dessert consisted of custard and caramel cake , as well as peach and apple pie and butter tarts with cherries on top .
i gripped her arm and led her to the kitchen , where eirik was selecting a large , shiny apple .
she starts it , you know , he added , then took a large bite of his apple and chomped on it .
what do you have to eat around here other than apples ?
nothing , eirik said quickly and selected another apple from the bowl .
three years , eirik corrected and took another lusty bite of the apple .
i munched on an apple without tasting it .
annie served us a combination of strawberry and apple juice .
i m already fine , august she comes toward us with a glass of a combination of strawberry and apple .
i think she s not angry but she s hungry i gave her a dark red apple .
he nods chomping on his apple and stalks off to the guest room to get changed and krista begrudgingly follows behind him .
` ` apple martini , '' dennis said .
` ` your favorite drink - it 's apple martini , is n't it ? ''
` ` two apple martinis , please . ''
there was also some apple sour martini mix , but no vodka to mix it with , and two bottles of sam adams in the fridge .
the sight of the beautiful apple , orange , lemon and walnut orchards that had bordered the old two lane road had disappeared .
instead of the fragrance of apple and orange blossoms , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car .
together they cut the apples and carrots and headed toward the corral .
buddy cut up some apples and carrots and led mandy out to the corral for their nightly visit with buck and thunder .
each horse eagerly ate the apples and carrots , neighing their approval .
after eating , they lingered over a slice of apple pie and discussed the events of the day .
well , i know he s partial to apples .
they went to the corral and gave apple and carrot pieces to thunder and buck .
when mandy pulled out some apple slices , buddy laughed and handed one to buck .
both horses kept munching until all the apple slices were gone .
after eating that scrumptious piece of apple pie , i decided i needed to stand up for a while .
they each fed apple slices to the two horses .
oh i d forgotten all about it , there s an apple pie in the fridge .
she tipped the contents out onto the carpet , besides his rather battered reading book , a couple of exercise books and a well decorated pencil case , there was an empty coke can , an apple core , a pair of laces for his trainers , his black plimsolls , one football sock , his school cap , an assortment of chocolate wrappers , his empty lunch box , a dirty pair of blue shorts , two conkers , a piece of string , a stone with a hole in it , various football stickers and a grubby , white envelope .
she lifted some chopped apples out of the water where she had left them to stop them turning brown and put them in a large pressure cooker then she added the shallots , tomatoes and a small amount of water .
she had started with a straightforward apple chutney then began to experiment with whatever was in season , she made rhubarb chutney , green tomato chutney , tomato and marrow chutney , an orange chutney which everyone said was delicious with roast duck and even red and green pepper chutney .
nearly , green tomato , but there s apple in it .
the man from blackstones farm shop wants two dozen apple and a dozen rhubarb .
he was not aware that tom had a metal pin in his right arm after falling out of the apple tree in jimmys back garden when he was ten years old , he did not know that tom had been the centre forward for the school team when they won the inter - schools challenge two years before , he knew nothing of his sons life and nothing about his aspirations .
if harry had not met margery , barbara would never have found out that she had a talent for business , she would still be baking apple pies on sundays and growing her own vegetables .
with her added love for all things electronic , especially anything with an apple on it , she was quickly becoming a top publisher of digital books in chicago and beyond .
i make it from seasonal wisconsin honeycrisp apples .
it was a gallery , clean and sleek with glass tables , apple computers , hanging bulb lights ; it looked fabulous .
she also saw how his adams apple bobbed seductively as he swallowed that tiny dollop of cream .
i have apple cider and lemonade .
a few rotten apples in that bunch went and spoiled it all .
adaline and sally had thrown together a small reception , serving ice tea , lemonade , and apple cider .
i shrugged and pulled out a bunch of wrapped muffins , blueberry , banana nut , chocolate chip , cinnamon , and apple , you get the idea .
i guess the apple falls far from the tree .
we had turkey , mashed potatoes , stuffing , green bean casserole , heck we even made apple pie .
we were going to make pumpkin pie and be traditional , but the majority of people voted apple as their favorite pie .
i have nt had apple pie since i left home .
he was there to show off his son , his boy , the apple of his eye , the one who would carry on his name .
she ran out once to buy some more apples and brown sugar at the market and was forced to endure some very embarrassing comments from raymond at register one and half the produce department .
# doctor jim 's words lingered with her as she pared apples and rolled pie crust .
he preferred apple juice to any other kind of juice .
he drank his apple juice from one of the sippy - style cups we gave to children and nibbled at his pancakes and strips of bacon .
bananas , sliced apples , pineapple , peaches and mango were among the fruits cam loved .
she said holding up her hands , she took a bite out of her apple and took a deep breath .
when she had transferred to chicago for her last year of school , erik had followed , and later , when he had decided new york was the perfect place for his advertising agency , she had conveniently snagged a job in the big apple , this time following him half way across the country .
no , not an apple , cade .
he wondered if she knew she had put gravy on her apples .
gravy on her apples ? !
she did nt even remember getting apples or putting gravy on them .
had he seen her pour the gravy over apples ?
i went downstairs to get breakfast , but they had already cleaned up , so no gravy and apples for you , derek teased .
ironically , it was called big apple diner .
they trail along my eyebrows , the ridge of my nose , the apple of my cheeks and the line of my jaw .
right on cue , nalini starts off with another one of her quips.blue eyes , delectable apple , hairy chest and a rightieyour turn !
dear reader , please do take some time out to write an honest review on ibookstore ( apple ) .
noticing a small apple tree , i pick one .
biting into it , the taste reminds me of apple picking as a child .
rushing toward him , i drop the apple at his feet and wrap my arms around him .
rising , he picks up the apple .
did you enjoy eating the apple ?
i m not upset that you ate the apple , but even this pleasure would be taken from you .
there is something that needs your attention under the new apple tree .
picking up a knife , he cuts an apple slice , holding it to my lips .
i know apples are good for the heart , but i m not sure mine could take another slice that way .
the idea of the garden of eden vanished a long time ago and it was nt because a serpent thrust the apple down eves throat .
we passed a candy shop that made my stomach growl as i caught sight of fresh pralines and caramel apples .
still , i d kill for a fresh caramel apple , i admitted , rubbing my stomach .
chapter four so you do nt have enough money to buy a caramel apple , but you can afford a laptop ?
for a couple of seconds , my view of michael trickled from angel to human being all from one slight crinkle above his brow , a faint tilting of his lips downward , the quick bob of his adams apple in his throat , and an emotion in his sea - green eyes that had no business being there .
it was a caramel apple .
slowly , i took the apple and unwrapped it , bringing the delicious treat to my lips .
she walked over to the refrigerator and poured herself a glass of apple juice .
on the way to the barn , gabriel handed out leather wrapped packets of foodtwo pieces of jerky , one hard - as - a - rock biscuit and a sliver of dried apple .
jonathan river stood in jonathans roomnaked in the moonlightan apple in her outstretched hand .
and if that were nt bad enough , he woke up craving fresh apples .
what i would nt give for just one lousy apple !
his throat tightened as he gazed at the small , misshapen , bright red apple .
do nt you like apples ?
he smiled and handed her the apple .
instead of taking the apple , jonathan grabbed rivers wrist and ate out of her hand .
he shifted his hips and hoped river kept her eyes on the apple .
river slid her fingers out of jonathans mouth , down his chin , over his adams apple , onto his chest .
just thinking about the apple shed given him formed a lump in his throat .
or the warm , wet feel of his tongue and the tugging sensation as he sucked the apple juice from her fingertips .
lets say someone steals an apple from the communal food supply , what do you think might happen ?
river must have stolen that apple they shared .
what if the person that stole the apple did nt do it for their own benefit , but gave it to a friend ?
there was no way in hell he would let river pay for that damn apple with one of her fingers .
river gave the apple to me .
that apple came from my own rations .
river traded three arrows for one apple .
all i could get was a couple apples and some rolls .
she had nt gotten a lot to eat that morning and the apple and the half a roll she had eaten had worn off over an hour ago .
it was n't very strong , but it was pleasantly sweet like fresh apple pie .
` ` the apple strudel will be ready in a few minutes . ''
victoria grinned before saying , ` ` i hope you like apple strudel . ''
` ` you 're probably right especially if i can have a piece of that apple strudel . ''
as his eyes feasted hungrily on the alluring view of long shapely legs now only a few feet from his own , his strong resolve deserted him immediately and his eyes near left their sockets as he reached for a shiny red apple on the desk .
no , no difficulty , joshua croaked the lie as he dropped the apple on his desk .
joshua grabbed the bottle as she took a bite of apple cobbler , licked her lips , and smiled up at him .
chapter five the apple does nt fall far from the tree chapter six fancy seeing you here chapter seven he winked & my heart stopped chapter eight besame mucho chapter nine tutus & tushies chapter ten planting seeds of love chapter eleven if everybody had an ocean chapter twelve panty emergency chapter thirteen i love l.a . chapter fourteen soul baring chapter fifteen the cats out of the bag chapter sixteen what s a holiday without some drama ?
like with anything else in life , there are a couple bad apples .
but you said there are some bad apples , i interject , the curiosity being too much to bear .
how could there be bad apples that were chosen by nature ?
elizabeth surrendered and pulled up the apple site on her computer to order another ipad .
but the bread , cheese , and apples that shed found in the kitchen were quickly used up .
i watched his adam apple move up and down .
i stood in front of displays of black diamond tuna on sale for $ 1.29 a can and apple juice , store brand for $ 1.99 and waited for benny boy to rescue me .
i sat at the kitchen table with the yellow and purple flowered cloth and the wooden bowl filled with plastic grapes and apples and bananas .
we were eating apple pie a - la - mode , heated .
the room smelled like cinnamon apple .
its shriveling up at the bottom like a dried apple !
ten minutes later lewis was lying on his bed munching the apple that he had brought with him .
he finished the apple and flicked away from the book , giving up any pretence that he would read any of it tonight .
i settled for a granola bar and an apple .
why do nt you just pop an apple in his mouth and be done with it ?
not after having cake and champagne as appetizers then a summer squash bisque to start followed by the apple , pecan , and goat - cheese salad wrapping up with prime rib and lobster i do nt know how you girls can eat like this and still keep your figures .
at that time , the apple of our eye was our 12th standard results and getting good marks in 12th standard final exam was of great importance to us and as well as to our family .
he swallowed , causing his adam 's apple to bob and looked at her with pain in his eyes .
his adam 's apple bobs as he swallows and it makes me want to do strange things to him .
by the time sawyer gets home i ve cried myself silly , eaten a pint of chocolate ice cream , and can be found soaking in the bathtub drinking wine while fiona apple blares through the house .
i tilt my head up , looking at his throat , his adams apple bobbing sexily as he swallows and drops his face to mine .
i turn to the keys , clear my throat , and close my eyes as i begin to play never is a promise by the amazing fiona apple .
whose apple is it on the nightstand , all shriveled and uneaten ?
tess had been peeling an apple for her sister with a pearl - handled purse knife that lady meller had given her for her sixteenth birthday .
` ` i miss will , '' said tess suddenly to maggie as she finished coring the apple and handed her sister half .
my grandmothers apple pie .
in all this sprawling house , the only person who stirred a shred of interest was the woman regarding him the way shed regard a worm in an apple .
it makes you look like you ate too many toffee apples .
the only things i did nt recall discussing yet were the stop at apple annies in east texas and the plantation in louisiana .
i could nt imagine apple annies being anything unusual .
so , mom , did you find any new crochet patterns at apple annies ?
my own special blend of apple punch .
there also sat the microwave popcorn with extra butter , assorted crackers and cheese , and to maintain health and nutrition , a mound of grapes , apples and a tub of butterscotch dip .
( my chest makes me think about that joke where a lingerie salesman asks the guy shopping for a gift to describe his wife 's size cantaloupes , oranges , apples , eggs ... and he goes , yeah , fried !
not to downplay the hormone side effects and adam 's apple shaving and deep voices , but they could pass naked .
the bartender added some apple brandy to it .
apple pie and ice cream from tarrant 's , she explained , referencing the restaurant one block from our apartment , our favorite place to go for late - night dessert .
the apple pie was still warm .
it seems like this calls for a little more than ice cream and apple pie , she commented as she mixed our drinks .
dinner of apple pie and heavy - handed vodka drink will do that to you .
i loved unwrapping the order of apple pastries and giant cinnamon rolls when the local bakery delivered them .
she can be found at marychrisescobar.com , @ marychris_e , just about anywhere with craft beer , or at tarrants huddled over a warm piece of apple pie .
she could just sneak an apple .
one apple would nt put the vendor out of business but it would fill her shrinking stomach for another day .
his adams apple bobbed as he swallowed and she wanted to reach over and loosen his tie .
she bought a fresh loaf of bread and two slices of apple cake for dessert .
but let me get you a piece of apple cake , my gift .
katja took time to savor the apple cake , enjoying each bite until she finished .
he tossed a couple apples into the bag and grabbed two bottles of water .
katja studied micah , seeing his adams apple bob as he swallowed hard .
large , rectangular pans encrusted with the edges of almond and crme cake , apple strudel and poppyseed cake , sat in a pile by a commercial - sized stainless steel sink .
your apple tea cake is sublime .
while sitting to cut up an apple , i noticed my phone on the table , the missed call .
his adams apple bobbed once before he spoke .
i picked up the cup of cider and inhaled the rich scent of apples and sipped slowly .
i picked up an apple from the ground and threw it at him .
his adams apple bobbed , but he did nt twitch .
he grabbed an apple from the refrigerator , then returned to the mail , determined to shake his mind free of naked veterinarians .
giving in to the inevitable , he tossed what was left of his apple in the trash and headed toward his bedroom .
her face is as red as an over - ripe apple .
i have four apples too , but i think i better see if the others want them .
collecting the four red apples from her valise , she made her way to the other cabin and sat down to catch up with the inhabitants for a few minutes .
thanks to you , cara replied from the bunk across from her as she took a bite of apple .
told you to eat more before we left , jac said absently from above her , chomping into his own apple with relish .
jane laughed and nearly choked on a piece of apple .
we have apple juice , though .
he grinned then and reached around her to snatch an apple slice off one of the platters on the counter .
his adam 's apple sank below his shirt collar before it rose again to his throat .
i could heat up something , or bring you a piece of apple pie ?
` ` some of your apple pie ? ''
she saw his adams apple bob as he swallowed hard , then nodded .
fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , biscuits , and even my apple pie . ''
jessica watched as his adam 's apple bobbed in the effort to swallow , and he finally hurled out a laugh .
after supper , johnnie helped mabel serve apple pie .
hey apple , a drunken voice slurred , remember how your dad cost stew coley the race in 88 ?
blake took several apples from the pockets of his jean jacket and tossed them towards the herd .
billy saw one horse had a noticeable limp as he stepped towards the apples .
as a result of his slow pace , he got no apple .
blake reached into his pocket one more time and produced an apple which he handed to billy .
inside , the shelves lay stocked with bags of potatoes , flour , sugar , oil , apples , salt , and cans of tinned food .
he peeled an apple , the skin coming off in one long strip of green .
he inspected the rotten fruit on the kitchen floor , finally settling on a half - rotten apple .
* * * she sat in the shade of the mimosa tree , resting and crunching an apple .
he came a little further into the room , not near me , but just close enough in that he could take an apple off the table .
eric shook his head , swallowed so hard his adams apple bobbed visibly in his throat .
babs tossed me an apple .
sophie heard the old lady with the braided hair order apple pie and ice cream .
his adams apple jumped as he swallowed .
i ' ve eaten a bag of green apples , boarded the train there 's no getting off .
cuz she 's the one that ate the apple and then tempted adam ( i guess i could mention the whore of babylon here too cuz she 's jus nother example of immodest womanhood tempting pure - minded men ) and this apple eatin let all the sin into the world -- why peoples got to sweat to earn their daily bread , why wimins got so much trouble when their birthin babies , and why snakes bite at our heels , so if somethin goes wrong in the family , or the husband strays , or his wife talks back to him , its the wife 's fault cuz god put man over her , so , the husband is shirking his duty if he lets his woman challenge his thority or be bellious .
cuz she 's the one that ate the apple and then tempted adam ( i guess i could mention the whore of babylon here too cuz she 's jus nother example of immodest womanhood tempting pure - minded men ) and this apple eatin let all the sin into the world -- why peoples got to sweat to earn their daily bread , why wimins got so much trouble when their birthin babies , and why snakes bite at our heels , so if somethin goes wrong in the family , or the husband strays , or his wife talks back to him , its the wife 's fault cuz god put man over her , so , the husband is shirking his duty if he lets his woman challenge his thority or be bellious .
want a fresh apple bar too ?
mia is friends with her daughters and they are going to go apple picking and then have a cookout .
mia bobbed for apples , did relay races , and played every carnival game with enthusiasm .
emily nixed the pumpkin pie eating contest , but placated the little girl with a caramel apple .
i d better get started on the apple crisp if its going to be done on time .
a big bowl of apples on the counter waited to be peeled .
one large pan of apple crisp should be plenty , lauren decided , plenty for a sunday night with only the huntington party and the other two couples in the dining room .
it did nt take long to get the apple crisp was in the oven , and then lauren did whatever task phyllis assigned her , both of them chatting away .
jack grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and tossed it in the air as he walked out of the kitchen toward his home office .
she also carried a sketchbook filled with drawingsmag cooking , the old house in its frame of flowers with two shadowy figures sitting on the porch , the apple tree in the backyard with an old - fashioned wooden swing hanging from one of the branches .
char makes a great apple pie , he said raising his brows enticingly with a charming smile .
i kept watching the clock as i cleaned and cored apples over a colander at the kitchen sink while phyllis worked behind me on the pie crusts .
deer , wild goats and boar fed upon fallen apples and the widespread fungi ; the shimmering forest was bountiful to its inhabitants , animal and person alike .
the elf murmured a prayer to his gods and nocked his bow as the boar snuffled among the trees , gobbling orange fungus and fallen apples .
the nymph had fed him apples and occasionally sweet - bread as he loomed , bristling and ferocious , taking the fruit gently from her .
peter 's canadian homegrown originality has been well - received , with new myths like the ' snow alligators ' , ' the garden party ' , ' lou and stu ' , ' the fishing derby ' , ' the immovable rock ' , or ' the very last apple ' which are poised to become creative milestones and young reader favourites .
do nt let a few bad apples ruin all of humanity for you .
on the counter she spotted an apple pie with the steam still coming off the top .
the church always sells fried dough and homemade apple cider donuts .
the apple did nt fall far .
but somewhere along the way , you became my exasperating nut and all i wanted was his gaze slipped away and he blinked , adams apple bobbing .
taking an apple from the kitchen , she fed it to a pregnant mare who had become her favorite .
he gazed at her during those last words , his eyes dark and his voice full of a hidden meaning , making her feel as though she were the apple he felt tempted to take a not so innocent bite of .
with hardly a cent in handliving on the generous breakfast , the rolls and odd apple or banana she pilfered from it and the water from the filter in the hostels common roomshe managed to survive .
she found some apples in the refrigerator too , and had sliced and baked them with cinnamon and sugar for dessert .
her sister leaned against the counter top , picked up an apple , and bit into it .
he peeled back the tin foil and the smell of apples and cinnamon hit him .
who does n't love apple pie ?
chapter twelve beef sizzling bread rising fresh apples the trick , sarah , is to have all these great smells then everyone gets hungry , eats a lot and thinks you re a great cook .
he started rattling off dishes quickfire black bean salad , cornbread , chicken fried steak , tortilla soup and apple pie ... sarah blinked .
her stomach growled when she started digging through the stack of breakfast bars , apples , instant oatmeal , bottles of water .
she watched as quentins hands sliced apples , amazed at the changes his body had undergone over the years .
she opened the fridge door and poured herself a good cup of apple juice .
then she grabbed a large tray and tossed on some chocolate biscuits , mini - sandwiches , muffins , and an apple and a bunch of red grapes .
after that , she grabbed a bottle of apple juice and a glass and then rushed off to the back stairs where she was sure no one would see her .
the people in big bear lake dressed nice but nothing over the top like the people in the big apple .
exiting via the kitchen , she stuffed her pockets full of granola bars and snatched an apple and a banana from the fruit bowl on the counter .
the apple she stuffed into another pocket .
she took a bite of her apple while she thought about that .
she shook her head at him and placed the apple down .
he could n't take his eyes away from her as she lowered her gaze , once again focusing on the table as she dropped her half eaten apple on the tray .
chapter 8 cassie was humming cheerfully under her breath as she breezed into the kitchen and grabbed an apple from a bowl on the center island .
he swallowed and then took a sip of his iced tea , and she stared at his adams apple bobbing .
she was probably living it up in the big apple , having long since forgotten him .
greta was most likely busy in the kitchen already , preparing the meal for this evening ; lamb with sage and roasted garlic , asparagus in a light hollandaise sauce , heavy cream upset charless stomach , roasted potatoes , apple strudel .
tom turned around to abby and murmured , the apple does nt fall far from the tree i heard that !
lost in her fantasy , suzie filled her plastic bag with apples without even bothering to check for bruised bits .
suzie had them all prepared in advance , and lyndon had put a ground sheet down in the sitting room while high tea was in progress so that afterwards everyone could bob for apples .
she was spooning apple sauce out of a jar onto her plate .
it 's just that ketchup and apple sauce do n't go together . ''
she took an apple out of the fruit bowl on the dresser .
she asked , cutting the apple into quarters with her pocket - knife .
` ` darling , i honestly do nt think he s eaten a hoof pick , '' said rosie , feeding sobie another chunk of apple .
today i ve got apple and peach pies , and a delicious peanut butter / chocolate pie .
he took a series of gulps and she admired the bobbing of his adams apple as he swallowed .
do you just have an apple or orange ? ''
she ran to the kitchen and returned in a flash , handing him a bowl of apples and oranges .
` ` harris , would you like some orange juice or apple juice ? ''
while myrna served hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream , the intercom buzzed and cecelia said she was on her way up .
could you please hand me that jug of apple juice ? ''
after school , i left to go and make a name for myself in the big apple .
i sure am , and i hear there s nowhere better than la fayette , n.y . , for apples .
i know its a lunch date , but i was hoping , amongst the apples , well , it might be sweet and romantic .
bree tells me about her brief stint in the big apple , her singing jobs , and how she wants to start doing voice coaching .
when we finish picking at the food i had packed , i reach back into the basket and retrieve the contents i purchased from the store , fresh cider donuts , apple pie and sparkling juice .
i ducked into the kitchen , grabbed my slick rain jacket , put a banana in my backpack , and took a bite out of an apple .
we also served ice cream and caramel apples .
when i handed them their caramel apples , the pig - tailed girl whipped around .
evan laughed and reached for an apple .
alec swallowed and looked away , his adam 's apple bobbing in his throat as if he was trying to keep from shouting again .
meat surprise , an apple , some sort of salad that looked more like macaroni than leafy greens and an alarming amount of french fries .
i took the apple from the tray and nibbled on a fry .
as tangy as crab apples , and sour as milk , bitterness consumed my tastebuds .
we eat , we drink apple juice , and keep catching each others eye .
i can see your adams apple !
michael was a pharmaceutical rep for a big company in the big apple , making lots of cash and having a happy marriage to his new wife , lily , while tristan was fresh out of william & mary .
) , potato salad , and a crisp apple pie .
yes , your skeletal appearance shows that you ve been eating salads and apples .
how s the big apple ?
i went back inside the house , passing momma , who was eagerly working on an apple pie .
aphrodites apples .
he swallowed so hard she saw the way his adams apple swelled and receded like a wave moving under his skin .
with bay continuing to protest , connie scooped up a piece of fresh apple cake and plopped it in a to - go container .
maybe shed watch a movie on hbo or order one on apple tv .
wanda loomed over them with a cafeteria tray holding nothing more than a green apple .
` ` here , i brought you an apple juice .
it was just a symbol , like when she gave me the apple juice or when arabella gave mandryka the water .
your mother is an incredible woman and i can see the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
she sensed his difficulty as his adam 's apple bobbed with every swallow .
if you can make it here , you can make it anywhere the big apple , all right .
sour apple tape got me through my college all - nighters .
too bad he s such a sour apple blow pop .
ray - the - scooter - guys bother drove a rickety old farm truck , the kind with two - by - fours nailed around the bed to hold in the piles of potatoes or apples or whatever they harvested in the far reaches of long island .
the apple does not fall far from the tree .
i m going to hurl myself off the top , tabitha lied , regretting also the second helping of apple custard .
as if he can read my mind , he pulls out an apple juice .
for breakfast , it is listed as your number one favorite , while apple cinnamon is listed as nicholas favorite .
i went through the line with him and got an apple juice to keep up appearances .
as my lips touched jason 's , dillon shot past and knocked the plastic bottle of apple juice out of my hand .
jason and i went though the cafeteria line like usual , but this time instead of apple juice , i got a bright , red apple .
jason and i went though the cafeteria line like usual , but this time instead of apple juice , i got a bright , red apple .
` ` the apple ?
` ` nothing , he was making fun of my apple . ''
` ` ah , the whole snow white and the poison apple thingvery funny . ''
i said tossing the apple up and down in my hand .
i tossed the apple up and down again .
i caught the apple and stepped into him .
i wiggled out of his arms and resumed tossing the apple .
jason snatched the apple out of the air and took a bite of it .
jason took another bite of the apple as the bell rang .
he tossed the half eaten apple back to me .
i raced back to calculus , tossing the apple into the trash can as i slipped inside .
` ` this is no more your fault than it was eve 's when adam ate the apple . ''
` ` excuse me , do you have any more apples ? ''
she brought a shinny red apple up from one of the boxes on the floor .
` ` sorry , i needed an apple . ''
` ` we 're about to lose our first game and you want an apple ? ''
as the team lined up in their positions , i launched the apple in a perfect arc .
he lifted his helmet and took a bite of the apple before the referee got to him .
he made a motion like he was biting an apple .
` ` so are you responsible for the apple ? ''
do you think i could throw an apple that far ? ''
peter looked over at coach 's right handhe was holding the apple .
he started to reach for my hand , but when i pulled back , he said , ` ` would you mind holding the apple with jason ? ''
we put our hands together with the apple across our palms .
peter turned the apple so the bite mark was showing .
there was a flurry of flashes and the cameraman zoomed in on our hands and began to zoom back out as peter spoke , ` ` well , there you have it folks , apples from heaven raining down on warrior star , jason whitaker .
he pointed to the apple and then turned and headed toward he bench with peter and the television crew .
in the cornerobviously added last minutewas an apple with a bite taken out of it , made of frosting .
jason dabbed his finger into the apple , smeared it across his mouth and then pressed his lips to mine .
i was n't prepared for the montage they 'd done on izzy and me , complete with the picture of us holding the apple .
how about some apple juice instead ? ''
` ` okay , sure , apple juice would be fineor even better , maybe one of my energy drinks . ''
asked brianne , looking up to me as i handed her the hot apple cider we were sharing as we watched the sculptor finish off the carving of a moose with large antlers .
he was prepubescent with no sign of facial hair or an adams apple .
they did nt give you any apples with worms in them ?
the woman proceeded to move down to the mans lips , making a sucking sound like a fish out of water , then to his adams apple , until the man cleared his throat , drawing her attention to the fact that they had a guest .
elise dropped her apple with a thud , which in turn drew everyones attention to her .
where s the apple from the kitchen ?
this time apple , max pleaded .
they make good fresh apple juice here .
max butted in when he returned with his apple juice .
and then her eyes grew even larger when she unloaded three bags of red gala apples .
i do nt remember ever telling you i like apples that much , clarice remarked .
before he parted ways with hunter , he d even drummed into his ears that he must tell clarice to eat all those fruits and vegetables , especially the apples , and had given him a note regarding the research on apples too .
before he parted ways with hunter , he d even drummed into his ears that he must tell clarice to eat all those fruits and vegetables , especially the apples , and had given him a note regarding the research on apples too .
here , you have to eat this apple .
max thrust an apple in front of clarices face .
max dug into his jeans pocket and extracted the note hunter gave to him about his research on apples and pregnancy , then read it aloud .
going all out to buy me three bags of apples so i can eat well , plus doing extensive research on apples to make sure i benefit during my pregnancy .
going all out to buy me three bags of apples so i can eat well , plus doing extensive research on apples to make sure i benefit during my pregnancy .
well , at least eat that apple there , hunter suggested .
i do nt like apples , clarice said , annoyed .
i ve eaten enough apples to last me until the next life .
when karen finally came back downstairs , she headed to the kitchen and brought back a piece of apple pie .
and how many women can say they ve had hunter blake as a house guest from time to time and he loves her apple pie ?
so , you want some apple pie ?
you know i had apple pie and ice cream about an hour ago .
mrs . drake asked adele as i brought the apple juice and coffee into the dining room .
playing it off like i was calm , i poured adeles apple juice from the glass carafe .
for not when he looked away , his adams apple bobbed as he swallowed hard .
i inspected a couple of apples and then put them in a bag .
autumn picked up one of the sheets , peeling it away from a paper with red construction paper apples glue - sticked to it .
bushel baskets of apples sat on the floor and bottles of wine stood in a rack against the wall .
can you grab a handful of apples , please ?
she picked the five nicest pink lady apples she could find in the basket and juggled them in her arms .
he reached for the apples , his hand barely brushing the underside of her breast .
she set the apples beside the drinks and the clerk added two styrofoam tubs of chili and waxed paper packages of corn bread .
she took a bite of the apple and the crisp , sweet tart taste flooded her mouth .
she finished her apple and the last of her soda and helped jude collect the remnants of their lunch .
he was lost , drowning in the taste of her , orange soda , apple , and something undeniably autumn .
he handed her one of the apples he d stuffed in his jacket pocket and ripped open the wrapper on the gigantic chocolate bar .
he ate half his apple in one bite .
he finished his apple and broke off another piece of chocolate .
when he saw the sign for gross apple orchard it was the easiest thing in the world to follow the big red apples over the winding road and past the rows of trees to the orchard store .
when he saw the sign for gross apple orchard it was the easiest thing in the world to follow the big red apples over the winding road and past the rows of trees to the orchard store .
big bins of apples lined the perimeter and the tart smell of cider hung in the air .
fill a bag with apples , too .
autumn was filling a paper sack with apples from the bins when an older woman walked out of the back room .
we have fresh apple dumplings in the cooler if you re interested .
she grinned at him and finished filling the bag with apples .
she grabbed a chipped white enamel bowl with a red rim from the cupboard and started filling it with apples .
i could heat up the apple dumplings or cider .
i still do nt have much in my fridge , she called , tugging to try to get box with the apple dumplings past the pizza .
she reached out to brace herself as he sat her on the table between the bakery box and the bowl of apples .
frannie started our orders off by requesting a caramel apple martini .
sounds good , while were at it , they also have sparkling apple juice .
i picked apple and he sided with the white grape .
i immediately saw that he was busy trying to decide how big of an apple to buy , so he could shove it in jimmys mouth and roast him on a spit like a luau pig .
you may also enjoy carolina booty , another title that was previously released in hardcover only , but is now in e - format for your kindle , nook , apple or other device .
without bothering to correct her , i smiled and endured another rough squeeze on the apple of my cheek .
she added water , two strips of bacon , ground pepper and a splash of apple cider vinegar before turning on the burner .
hunter wanted to get dressed up , too , but the only costume we could find in his size , other than a fairy princess getup , was a giant padded red delicious apple .
with the click of a remote control , she turned on a cartoon to occupy the boys in front of a small television and served me a glass of apple juice , apologizing that it was all she had on hand , besides milk .
i loved apple juice , i assured her , and asked her to tell me about the night of the fire .
she sighed and drank some apple juice .
i drank some more apple juice .
or even apple juice .
they set the meal out on the dining table and mom offered water or sparkling apple juice .
a suck a day keeps the apple away .
his adams apple expands as he swallows and rises to his feet .
the place smelled like some apple pie convention .
we ate the soup , sipping on the apple juice we were able to find , no sparkling juice in the little store , so our celebration was very mild .
she watched his adams apple bob up and down .
a groan escaped him when she licked the hollow between his collarbones and ran her lips upward over his adams apple , caught the flavor of his skin on the tip of her tongue .
and its well known for its apple orchard and hard cider , he said .
his thoughts whirling , his senses reeling , parker took in the sweet apple scent of her hair .
patricks news had been delivered with a abruptness akin to the dropping of the hiroshima bomb , right there in the gap between a main course of succulent roast pork with apple sauce and dessert , which was to have been a wickedly - rich chocolate mousse , accompanied by an appallingly expensive sweet wine that darcy had gone out and bought specially , knowing how much patrick liked it .
if she continued consuming it as if it were apple juice the effects might be interesting .
blessedly , the trauma had all been promptly forgotten after a toffee apple , cokes all round and the timely discovery of the haunted mansion .
she bought apples , a small pumpkin and several unusually - shaped squash from a stall , thinking that the cucurbits would be nice for decorating the cottage with , come halloween , then admired the practiced skill of the man in the adjacent stall , who was sitting repairing the rush seat of a ladder - back chair .
he shrugged , then could nt resist a small dig , i m not surprised that you liked that dish so much , -your old friend , apple cider is included in it , there was humour in his voice as he spoke , reminding her of the night she had under - estimated the tongue - loosening effect of normandy cider .
she nodded , nutmeg , thyme and , let me think ah yes , apple cider vinegar and sour cream , he finished .
i settled on warm apple pie temperature .
yeah baby , he 'd taken ferocious bites out of the big apple .
she took in her surroundings : cushions , gauzy curtains , walls painted cream with lurid red accents , a bowl of plastic fruit heavy on the apples , bananas and dates .
you just had to pluck the good apples out of the rotten barrel .
a short shapeshifter story in the anthology , just another paranormal halloween anthology ebook and in print ~~~ kandace and her hellhounds , zol and zin invite you to read their love story ... kandy apple and her hellhounds bewitched , bothered and bewildered ... what happens when two of hades most mission - accomplished hellhounds find just the right witch for halloween ?
should i add walnuts to the apple pies ?
he shakes his head then swallows , his adams apple bobbing .
i grabbed my knives , some underwear , my usual jeans and my an apple a day will keep anyone away , if you throw it hard enough t - shirt and headed to the bathroom .
the house always smelled like apples and cinnamon and pumpkin pie .
i kissed his adams apple and worked my way back up to his mouth , taking his upper lip gently between my teeth .
usually i ' m just fighting for an apple or something .
chapter 13 let 's just stick this apple back on that tree nate stares down out her for a full minute , frozen , and more than likely not breathing .
your parents have told me the tales of your time as a humanoid child , so it seems the apples do nt fall far from the tree .
i know she s my daughter and it should be self - explanatory , but apples do nt always fall right next to the tree .
my experience in the city told me they were hiding something , and the yellowing on their teeth said it was n't apples and oranges .
the bakery was known for its delicious tarts in a variety of flavors - strawberry - rhubarb , apple , cherry , chocolate truffle , fresh berry , lemon , plum and pecan .
deirdre smiled and sat down at the kitchen table where her aunt was rolling pastry for an apple tart . ''
i brought an apple tart and fresh whipped cream .
from behind us , father damien continued , the apple did nt fall far from the tree !
oh , you mean the big apple ?
i do nt know why its called the big apple anyway !
its obviously not an apple and it obviously is a city !
helen opined its called the big apple because its like the forbidden fruit of the bible .
i can smell the apple pancakes they are making so i quickly shower and change .
slipping in the front seat , mom hands me an apple .
she puts milk and an apple before me , but i just ca nt eat .
you should really eat the apple now that the crunching wo nt interfere with your listening to my conversation .
smiling at him i take a bite of my apple and he laughs harder as it makes a deafening crunch , it is very fresh .
my as he says this , the door flies open , he is pushed off balance falling against a small apple tree as shadows quickly swirl around us creating a vortex .
i watched baldor swallow hard several times ; his adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
i swallowed and could feel my adams apple bob up and down .
i want to write down the code for the keypad on the door , he said , locating a pen and a small notepad shaped like an apple .
he had no opposition to the chase , but he knew weeding the lemons from that one good apple took an enormous amount of fortitude .
he grilled three chicken breasts then made a chicken salad filled with lettuce , spinach , green olives , tomatoes , onion , snow peas , walnuts , apples , mandarin oranges , and dried cranberries .
she could nt remember the last time she had apple cider .
cedrick was standing in the corner dishing an enormous piece of apple pie .
three minutes later i was sitting apprehensively in the queen anne chair sipping some apple juice and wondering what the hell was going to happen next .
the workers behind the counter lifted the steam table trays of breakfast foods and placed new steel containers that smelled of chicken in marinara sauce and cinnamon apples .
anyone who is familiar with apple , city of hope , st . jude childrens research hospital and total gym has likely read marys award - winning advertising & marketing writing .
i was a firm believer in the apple not falling far from the tree .
like beach babes were the same as kittens or apples .
after taking a shot of each freshly pressed juice on offer , she selected the green machine , containing celery , apples , spinach , and mint .
there was the traditional maple , along with strawberry , blackberry and apple .
` ` how about a game of apples to apples ? ''
` ` how about a game of apples to apples ? ''
that day she showed orla how to make a really easy brown bread and a parsnip and apple soup .
' imagine , orla , we grew those parsnips here in our own garden and the apples are from the old orchard , and chicky made them all taste like that ! '
there were vegetarian dishes as well , and a huge apple pie .
' they 'll offer me tea and apple tart , ' he said .
` ` mrs . knowlson likes to give me apple slices . ''
on the porch , a small crowd had gathered as two women , dressed as witches , stood around a large pot , serving apple cider and pretending to conjure up the first owner of the house , a man who 'd supposedly been beheaded in a logging accident .
how could she look like that , as sweet as apple pie , when she was working hand in glove with the most - wanted terrorist in his files ? part of him , the biggest part , despised her for what she was .
they bought fried chicken , potato salad , rolls , coleslaw , an apple pie , and some green stuff sunny called pistachio salad .
` ` we have apple pie , '' he complained .
` ` why do we need apples ? ''
` ` if you come near me with an apple , i 'll scream , '' he warned .
the apple pie was perched on top of the other stuff .
` ` hi , '' she said , taking a huge bite out of a big red delicious apple .
` ` mom , would it be okay if mr . camden strings up an old tire from the apple tree ? ''
he said girls are like green apples .
` ` i see , '' robin muttered , not at all sure she liked being compared to an apple .
kelly was still a green apple in jeff 's eye , but the time would come when he 'd appreciate having her next door .
the taste in her mouth bore some faint kinship with the liquid she knew as wine - just like apples bore some resemblance to horse turds .
' could we stop , maybe , and buy an apple ?
filing away a particularly entertaining expression that she planned to make sister philomene explain to her - sister philomene was a little older than joan , but painfully shy and with such delicate skin that she blushed like an apple at the least excuse - she followed sister george and sister mathilde through the fishmongers ' section , where sister george bargained shrewdly for a great quantity of sand dabs , scallops , tiny grey translucent shrimp , and an enormous sea - salmon , the pale spring light shifting through its scales in colours that faded so subtly from pink to blue to silver and back that some of them had no name at all - so beautiful even in its death that it made joan catch her breath with joy at the wonder of creation .
even on fridays , when the community fasted during the day , supper was simple but mouthwatering , toasted sharp cheese on nutty brown bread with sliced apples .
simon procured her a large glass of the tea - colored drink with its floating mix of strawberries , apples , orange and cucumber .
she threw a bag of lettuce , apples , and cheese into the crisper , and squirmed .
like biting into a rich juicy peach and finding it tastes like an apple .
her attention wavered from her book for only an instant while she reached for a slice of apple .
` ` give me a piece of the apple pie and a cup of coffee . ''
he owned a modest apple orchard - not a powerful , wealthy man by anyone 's standards , but compared to rosa , he might as well have been a kennedy .
everybody knew that wile e. coyote could n't really fall from an airplane and live or that princesses who ate poisoned apples and slept in glass cases for years could n't wake up .
` ` i first came to sunville to pick apples when i was a little girl .
the air in sunville had been crisp and cold , and with every indrawn breath came the pungent scent of ripening apples .
in the background was the shack they 'd lived in during apple harvest , twelve to a room with no working bathroom .
the house smelled of evergreen boughs and baking apple pie , of hollyberry candles and a newly stoked fire .
` ` with apple strudel for dessert , and i ate three whole pieces . ''
his daughter was the apple of his eye .
` ` oh , mom , the christmas lights were so pretty and some people were serving hot apple cider and singing christmas carols .
` ` we 'd like to try our hand in the big apple , '' mercy explained with limited patience .
there was no telling the trouble they could rouse in the big apple .
` ` she 's apple pandowdy and fletcher wants cheesecake , '' goodness said , proud of her analogy .
she 'd baked cookies the night before and there was the usual peanut - butter - and - jelly sandwich , plus an apple .
he had an apple every day , no matter what .
` ` potato chips , a twinkie , a pudding cup and an apple . ''
at lunchtime , carter only ate his apple .
mel downed her glass of apple juice .
lexie had loved everything about the place : the high ceilings and classic wainscoting , the formality of the server who had brought them chocolate - covered strawberries and the apple cider they 'd substituted for champagne , the heavy robe and comfortable slippers , the softness of the bed .
they celebrated that night with chilled apple juice .
` ` and let me tell you , i ' m really looking forward to an apple juice on the rocks to steady the nerves . ''
i 'll have the apple juice and look on enviously . ''
yet the only thing that mr . roberts had ever looked at with even the remotest bit of interest was the slice of apple pie upon his plate .
` ` apparently , '' her father began , taking a careful sip of his tea while his wife served him another generous slice of apple pie , ` ` the duke of kingsborough has decided to host the annual ball again . ''
` ` ah , the infamous apple pie , '' he said .
she 'd already had one piece , but she felt the need to occupy herself with something , and eating pie - even though it was apple and she 'd grown quite tired of that particular flavor - felt like a useful way to accomplish this .
miss chilcott did n't turn to look at him as she said , ` ` apple , '' her eyes fixed firmly upon the horizon .
` ` something tells me you 're not so fond of apple pie yourself , '' anthony prodded .
i enjoy variety in my food , you see , but this past year mama has been particularly fond of serving apple pie for sunday tea . ''
and then , as if to deter him from pressing the matter further , she smiled brightly and added , ` ` did i mention that i can split an apple in half by twisting it ? ''
` ` the skill of picking an apple soft enough , no doubt , '' anthony muttered .
after escorting her all the way to her aunt and uncle 's doorstep , where she had , to his great consternation , proven herself capable of splitting an apple in half with the mere twist of her hands , he 'd returned to moxley , assured by miss chilcott 's aunt that her uncle would take her home in his buggy .
` ` i daresay he did n't find the apple pie as tasty as usual . ''
to show his appreciation , he invited them both for tea at mrs . wilkes ' tearoom , ensuring that they both selected a tart and suppressing a smile when isabella deliberately avoided the one with apples .
her dislike for the visitors was clear in every part of her being , including her voice , which dripped with distaste , as if she 'd just bitten into a bad apple .
what would mike want with her , with all her soft rolls and overflowing cups and dimples and apple cheeks and - had she gone too far in kissing him ?
as the tip slid over the nape of his neck she felt him swallow , his adam 's apple moving slightly , air rushing through his windpipe in a gasp .
another broken glass screen was n't going to please the geniuses at the apple store .
she grabbed an apple and headed toward the door .
josie helped me decorate , '' laura explained , her smile so deep it made her cheeks look like apples , dimples forming and her eyes lighting up .
his gaze dropped to her mouth , a mouth full and lush and red , and more enticing than the legendary apple eve had offered adam .
victoria glanced ruefully at the apple puree smears on the winter - white fabric of the couch .
he swallowed , and she fixed her gaze on his adam 's apple , watched it bob up and down , avoiding his too - astute eyes .
she saw his adam 's apple move as he swallowed .
grabbing an apple from a bowl on the coffee table , i took a moment to admire some of the photos , recognizing chloe instantly .
` ` i was hungry , '' i murmured , turning in her arms and motioning to my half eaten apple .
she was seven years younger than i was , green as an apple , and barely came up from her work to breathe .
i loved his tousled hair and the heavy dip of his adam 's apple when he swallowed .
especially when i walk past her and she smells like apples , crisp and clean .
close enough to inhale , so i do , filling my lungs with the scent of apples .
` ` i 'd try the tip top apple farm .
yesterday , he 'd survived on unripe apples and the last of his beef jerky .
strange pairings like steak and roasted apple , or garlic hummus and pork chops with candied asparagus .
it 's like trying to compare apples and cheese . ''
` ` apples and cheese go great together ... '' jamie winked at me .
by the time they had nibbled every last crumb from her apple cobbler , we almost had to have a crane brought in to lift them from the table .
they had the best apple strudel high atop the hill .
he 'd been very successful in the big apple , even without his family 's financial backing , which he 'd refused .
i ' m coming in this afternoon , and i ' m warning you now that if you give anything away , you wo n't be getting any of my sweet apple pie when you get home , '' she threatened .
he swallowed hard and i could see it start at the top of his throat by his adam 's apple , slowly trailing downwards towards his shirt - clad collarbone .
he 's a cheesesteak and apple crisp sort of guy , so i ' m sure he 'll be happy . ''
and a bent , nasty - looking old hag too , with a wart hanging off her nose like an apple dangling from a tree branch .
he 'd fallen out of an apple tree when he 'd been twelve .
she reached down for the apple serving as her midmorning snack .
and had n't she eaten an apple like a good girl ?
` ` ham - and - cheese sandwiches , hard - boiled eggs , apple slices , celery and carrot sticks , oatmeal cookies , lemonade . ''
which is apple pie , by the way . ''
` ` no , i - you made apple pie ? ''
oh god , oh god , that 's apple pie .
they stay and they make apple pie and have people over to sunday dinner .
` ` but some of the things you said about the hollow over apple pie echoed pretty closely some of the things my mother said to me today .
the men were all tall and thin with protruding adam 's apples and bad skin .
she deposited her lunch in the refrigerator and grabbed an apple on her way out the door .
munching on her apple as she walked swiftly toward the waterfront , she realized that one fear , at any rate , had n't come to pass .
she added a variety of items to dip , including bread , sliced vegetables and fresh apples and pears .
` ` you 're the apple of my eye , my youngest grandchild . ''
she grabbed an apple , bit off a huge chunk and raced up the stairs .
after they 'd eaten their salads , annie took out an apple and munched on that , but they barely exchanged another word .
they lingered over their desserts - sandy 's rich chocolate brownies , berry pie and warm apple crisp with ice cream .
not up to making dinner , anne marie heated yesterday 's leftover casserole for ellen , adding an apple and a store - bought oatmeal cookie .
i agreed , and we found a recipe for an apple upside - down cake in my cherished old joy of cooking .
she 'd stood out like a lone apple tree in the middle of a meadow .
one thumb slid into the hollow beneath his adam 's apple .
but the man - baldy - jogged out to her , and presented her with an apple .
` ` by questmaster rules , if a gentleman wishes to show a lady his favor , he presents her with an apple . ''
an apple from a potential lover can be a teasing token . ''
he leaned in as if sniffing the apple , and turned a hot gaze on her .
` ` that 's nice of you , but i ' m not sure- '' as she watched , he turned over the apple and began to tongue the base .
he held the poor , violated apple out to her , then bowed .
you must accept it and then demonstrate your decline of my favor by using the apple . ''
lord , to think that an apple could be used in such a graphic manner .
they smiled as they sauntered past , ignoring the rain , and she noticed each one carried a beer mug and an apple .
` ` apples , '' she said in disgust .
they do a game with apples apparently .
if someone offers you an apple and you take a bite out of it , it means you want to sleep with them . ''
` ` i was offered a lot of apples tonight . ''
we can grab some of those apples to eat and head out for the cabin before it starts to rain again .
he handed her a few apples , oblivious to her blushing .
` ` i ' ve never had an mre and i ' m already tired of apples . ''
they 'd eaten them along the way , but six apples later , and she was already looking for alternatives .
` ` better than apples , '' she said , and leaned over to nudge him with her shoulder teasingly .
beth ann looked at the apple , then back at him .
the apple fell from her hand and onto the floor .
mine 's apple .
at least with dinner she 'd be able to get her favorite drink , a teeter - totter , which was a delicious blend of half champagne and half sparkling green apple juice .
she could n't stand champagne on its own , but mixed with apple juice it was great .
` ` it 's not the garden of hesperides , but then who wants to eat golden apples and dodge a dragon .
` ` bran apple muffins ?
` ` at nights , back in the camp , i used to go to sleep thinking about my mother 's apple pie .
bruce got the apple tart warmed and with vanilla ice cream and jolene chose a slice of chocolate cake .
rachel peyton sat in a booth , gazing out at the street and taking occasional sips of the apple juice she 'd ordered .
five ` ` mom , you 're wearing that goofy look again , '' tanni bliss said as she strolled into the kitchen and selected an apple from the fruit bowl on the table .
she was out the door , munching on the apple as she went .
` ` we got apple , blueberry , coconut cream and peach .
the apple 's my favorite but you choose . ''
` ` apple , it is , '' the waitress announced , picked up the coffeepot and hurried into the kitchen .
actually , a piece of apple pie did sound good .
alicia reappeared with the decaf and a thick slice of apple pie .
` ` well , yes , the granny smith apples are outstanding this year . ''
rachel followed her into the kitchen and teri began preparing a cheese and cracker plate with apple slices and grapes .
teri had washed the grapes and sliced two apples ; now she was cubing the cheese and arranging it on the platter .
` ` here , '' she said , offering the plate to rachel , who reached for a piece of apple and speared some cheese .
` ` mincemeat , apple , pumpkin and pear .
before long , she held a wineglass filled with apple juice and made her way over to the display of jon 's work .
they both ordered coffee and apple pie with ice cream .
filled with apples , oranges , bananas , grapes and a variety of nuts and chocolate , it was wrapped in silvery cellophane and decorated with a large plaid bow .
an apple pie cooled on the kitchen counter and the scent of cinnamon permeated the sunlit kitchen .
i hope you enjoy the apple orchard and , if the spirit moves you , the other books .
he did n't even slow his pace as he neared the apple orchard for which the town had been named .
the keelings had an apple tree in portland .
sarah treasured the tree and its apples .
sarah 's acre of apples had been a family orchard , not a working one , and that was how it stayed .
all the town 's orchards were beautiful when the apples were ripening and the leaves were green .
nick wished he could sing carols , even one carol , to the apple trees on this december day .
the eaves were adorned for christmas , as were the apple trees that lined the drive .
along the drive itself the trees were wrapped in lights the color of ripe apples .
do you like apple butter ? ''
my clara makes the best apple butter in the world .
would he have been left behind if he 'd accepted mrs . mackenzie 's offer of apple butter and cookies ?
on each lid was an apple tree .
` ` and the apple trees ?
clara touched an apple blossom on elizabeth 's springtime tree .
her ` ` small '' business , the apple butter ladies , was becoming a force to be reckoned with .
clara and her friend and business partner , eve , needed more space not only for the batches of apple butter the marketplace was beginning to demand , but for the support staff that processed orders , packaged the jars , unloaded the crates of apples delivered from nearby orchards , and shipped off the cartons of apple butter .
clara and her friend and business partner , eve , needed more space not only for the batches of apple butter the marketplace was beginning to demand , but for the support staff that processed orders , packaged the jars , unloaded the crates of apples delivered from nearby orchards , and shipped off the cartons of apple butter .
clara and her friend and business partner , eve , needed more space not only for the batches of apple butter the marketplace was beginning to demand , but for the support staff that processed orders , packaged the jars , unloaded the crates of apples delivered from nearby orchards , and shipped off the cartons of apple butter .
his sketches for clara 's new kitchen were based on sitting in the midst of the apple butter ladies ' operation during its busiest time of year - from harvest through the holidays .
and elizabeth 's vanishing act in pursuit of brightly lit apple trees was a cautionary tale remembered by every mackenzie old enough to recall the terror of that evening .
they 'd reached the kitchen , where , on one of the many countertops granddad knew the apple butter ladies needed and which nick had built , sat the hatboxes she 'd painted twenty - one years ago .
` ` a classmate and i loved the apples we were served at lunch .
granddad always had an apple waiting for me , shined to a mirror finish on his shirtsleeve .
at its farthest reach , she sat on a patch of grass beneath an apple tree .
she inhaled deeply and was rewarded with a gift from an orchard of friends , the delicate scent of apples ripening beneath the summer sun .
i ' ve been thinking they 'd make nice labels for the apple butter jars .
` ` who was passionate about the apple trees .
` ` but there was more to the memory , one i 'd give my life to protect - a place where a lovely little girl was free to chase the twinkling christmas lights on the apple trees she loved ... and where , even when she sat sobbing at the end of the driveway , she was safe from harm . ''
now , did n't you say something this morning about an apple pie ? ''
` ` apple 's my favorite pie for august , you know . ''
she paced the house , transferred laundry from the washing machine to the dryer , then decided to bake an apple pie .
` ` i baked you an apple pie . ''
` ` do you think that apple pie is ruined ? ''
` ` however , i made two apple pies and put the second one in the freezer .
just as well , because all she had was apple juice and graham crackers .
mary jo entered the house and was greeted by the smell of roasting turkey and sage and apple pie .
gear was strewn over a high - backed chair - sophie winced inside to think what that would do to the upholstery - a half - eaten apple was on the nightstand , and sprawled in the middle of the bed was gabriel lightwood , fast asleep .
a massive yule log , wound round with wreaths of ivy and holly , burned in the enormous stone fireplace , and hanging above the fireplace were nets containing golden apples , walnuts , colored popcorn , and candies .
will sat on a low wooden bench that ran along one of the wal s , and ate an apple , his long legs stretched out before him , occasional y call ing out bits of advice that gideon ignored and that gabriel took like blows to the chest .
` ` dear me , '' said will , and he took another bite of his apple .
will took another bite out of his apple .
will was sitting upright now , apple forgotten .
will tossed his apple core into the air , at the same time drawing a knife from his belt and throwing it .
the knife and the apple sailed across the room together , somehow managing to stick into the wal just beside gabriel 's head , the knife driven cleanly through the core and into the wood .
she watched him swallow , his adam 's apple bobbing , as he leaned back in his leather chair , crossing his arms .
` ` here , '' she said , handing emily an apple .
` ` just eat the damn apple . ''
not realizing how hungry she truly was , emily finished the entire apple .
the nurse with the plump , apple cheeks smiles sadly .
he paused and swallowed so hard his adam 's apple bobbed .
` ` apple butter , ' '' cate said , smiling .
` ` bet you did n't find the apple butter at that dinky little store across the road . ''
knowing they 'd never last all the way to boise without getting hungry , she prepared each of them a zippered plastic bag of cereal , and sent along two apples just in case .
he could detect walnuts and apple , cinnamon , and something else he could n't identify .
but nonetheless , sadie ca n't let one bad apple sour her on romance . ''
since he was about ten years younger , four inches shorter , and twenty pounds lighter than me , he got that deer in the headlights look as his prominent adam 's apple began to bob .
` ` and fresh apple mixed with cranberry is mine , '' barbara said , setting down the third pie .
` ` apple mixed with cranberry , '' hassie mused aloud .
she got that , plucked the sudden conviction out of the air as if it were a ripe apple dangling in front of her , but saw no need to tell them .
my lips , of their own free will , touched his shoulder , an inch away from his neck , and then closed in to where his throat met his clavicle , and then to his adam 's apple .
she had to know that the apple never fell far from the tree .
he got up , fetched a couple of apples out of the fridge , and washed them off .
a few moments later , he 'd retrieved an apple , some cheese , and bread from a bag hanging from his horse and offered it to her .
` ` aye , but i 'll settle for an apple if we have any , '' evelinde said , not wishing to take any of the valuable bargaining chits thus forcing the woman to make more .
she collected a mug of mead and the originally requested apple for her , too , and returned .
relaxing a little then , evelinde retrieved the apple from her pocket and made her way to her mare 's stall .
sighing , i tote my laptop downstairs , grab a bottle of water and an apple from the kitchen , and set up shop in the family room .
the bowl of fresh fruit beckoned , and he wolfed down a banana , then half an apple .
abruptly he was too full to eat another bite , so he tossed both the banana skin and the half - eaten apple into the trash .
i ate a banana and an apple . ''
banana and apple notwithstanding , his system would probably demand frequent feedings until he had recovered .
` ` love apples , '' rachel said absently .
` ` must be all those love apples you ' ve been feeding me , '' he murmured .
as they 'd done a thousand times before , they walked arm - in - arm down the wide , curving mahogany staircase , crossed the black - and - white marble - floored entry , and headed for the kitchen , where the cinnamony scent of hot apple cider beckoned .
` ` i 'll call you from the big apple .
she was smiling so brightly her face was scrunched up like a dried apple .
a chance to be a production assistant for a network show in the big apple would really charge her batteries .
a brown wooden bowl sat in the middle ; it was piled high with bright red apples .
` ` the apples ?
the apples are mcintosh , red with strands of green and black , almost heart - shaped .
woman drops dead in art class because hunk tells her to describe apples .
there should be one apple ; no , an orange .
` ` christian has a meeting in town tonight , so i 'll come by with some ingredients to bake an apple pie , '' erica promised .
he frowned as he watched her kneading the dough for the apple pie , her small hands moving with sensuous grace .
melissa had cut the apples into elegant slices and at avery 's insistence she settled down on the kitchen stool beside guy and started to rub the small of her back .
erica was sprinkling cinnamon over the apple slices .
erica carefully arranged the apple slices on top of the dough .
to buy herself time before responding , she leaned sideways and reached for her half - full wine glass and took a long sip of the apple juice it contained to fortify her for the ` ` talk '' he wanted .
kneeling at the edge of the fleece , she avoided his intense blue gaze as she placed the sandwiches on plates , then opened two small bottles of apple juice .
she watched his adam 's apple do a slow drop and climb as he swallowed , feeling the same rush of nerves low in her own belly .
tate always tasted good , like hot apples and angry skies , and her tongue was simply candy .
i asked , grabbing an apple off the counter and taking a bite .
beth drank her glass of apple juice as everyone else sipped a glass of wine .
luce 's eyes grew wide as she watched him arrange the food : a dark brown baguette , a small round of oozy cheese , a terra - cotta tub of olives , a bowl of deviled eggs , and two bright green apples .
` ` i know it 's no eden here , '' he said , tossing luce an apple , ` ` but just pretend we 're in a smiths song .
luce bit into the chewy green skin of the apple and licked the juice running down her fingers .
it did look really good -- cherry danishes and apple fritters and mu ns and cinnamon rolls and three di erent kinds of juice .
miles dug a little deeper into his bag , pulling out two packets of instant apple cider , a box of microwave popcorn , and a dvd of the woody allen movie hannah and her sisters .
there were so many people in the square - haggling , gossiping , swatting children 's thieving hands away from the apples for sale - that no one paid attention to miles and shelby at all .
he led her to a budless apple tree at the southern limits of rosaline 's father 's property and tied her bridle around the trunk .
he dug into blackie 's saddlebags and found a dried apple , then fed it to the horse while he took the measure of the situation .
there were sliced duck served over cabbage , whole hares that had been roasted on spits , cauldrons of baby cauliflowers with a bright orange sauce , high - piled platters of apples , pears , and dried currants harvested from the surrounding forests , and a whole long wooden table filled with misshapen , half - burned pies of meat and fruit .
` ` and apple strudel ? ''
and had n't the doctor 's freely flowing cider made the whole room smell like apples , cloves , and cinnamon ?
she sank into it , and nodded thanks when he handed her a metal cup of spicy turkish apple tea .
she wondered if he had trouble opening it wide enough to eat apples .
i know that your shampoo smells like apples .
he was sitting on his desk , eating an apple .
he left the apple in his teeth and started tying his green and purple school tie .
baz finished his half - windsor and took a bite out of the apple .
baz looked at his apple core , then tossed it onto simon 's desk .
it 's like comparing apples and ... grapefruits .
simon found bread and cheese and apples , and tossed them onto a platter .
` ` let 's get this over with , '' baz said , biting into a green apple , obviously trying to seem casual .
` ` i do what i can , '' baz said , dropping his apple core onto the plate .
but baz 's mouth was soft now , and he tasted of apples .
his adam 's apple bobbed when he swallowed and he could n't remember the last time someone had shot him down .
` ` tonight 's special is an apple sage ginger mezcal smash for nine dollars . ''
` ` it 's mezcal tequila and simple syrup muddled with apple , sage and ginger . ''
evy stopped behind the bowed case of tarts , apple strudel coffee cake squares and frosted pumpkin bars .
soft music drifted over him from above as he stepped inside , the smell of coffee and apple cinnamon permeating the air .
his adam 's apple bobbed one time while a vein throbbed in his neck .
` ` hey , why bob for apples when you can bob for boners ? ''
dean wondered what evy was doing at this precise moment - probably serving up homemade cinnamon rolls and apple fritters to an impatient breakfast crowd .
jon followed his nervous gaze around the fenced in yard , his adam 's apple bobbing in his throat .
` ` now who wants apple pie ? ''
she had a long , low table set up , draped in newspaper - the sunday comics this week - and dotted with boxes that held this week 's crop : bright red apples , plump raspberries , baskets full of herbs , and the vegetables : green beans , tomatoes , broccoli , and summer squash .
of those , only a few remained ; lonely apples in the bottom of an otherwise empty box , a handful of green beans .
she ate breakfast ( a banana and an organic muffin ) and lunch ( a turkey sandwich and an apple ) in the field every day , sitting cross - legged in the tilled black earth that smelled like fecund possibility .
the air smelled fresh and crisp , of apples and peaches ripening in the sunshine .
she prayed while her vegetables put down their roots and gathered the strength to grow ; she prayed while the apples budded on her trees and began to ripen .
he 'd met maren 's mother , and it was obvious the apple did n't fall very far from the tree .
as she watched , he swallowed , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
he came back with an apple and the crooked knife .
she held out her hand for the apple .
he handed her another bite of apple , then watched her mouth as she ate it .
god , she looks like eve holding a shiny red apple .
the way nat has done my makeup makes my normally light green eyes pop a vivid green apple color .
written in green apple jellybeans is ' i miss you ' .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
laughing hard , cole moves around the counter and behind me to pick up the apples and oranges from the floor .
` ` some have argued that it was a pomegranate and not an apple that tempted eve in the garden of eden .
something about the comparison between julia and eve made him feel vulnerable , nak*d , hearkening back to the night he 'd given her an apple and held her in his arms under the stars .
rounded like two apples .
two ripe , delicious apples .
yes , sex was his apple a day , and he needed it .
julia spoke briefly to tom on the phone , exacting his promise that he would arrive around three o'clock in order to participate in the gift exchange , then she and rachel parked themselves in the kitchen to peel apples for a pair of pies .
asked his sister , peeling an apple .
julia gave him a small smile and returned to the apple she was peeling .
it was a picture of the apple orchard behind the clarks ' house .
it was florence , and their apple orchard , and the wonders of an arabian night .
perhaps it had grown over time , just like the old apple tree that fed them on that night so long ago , and she just had n't noticed how much it had grown .
he clasped her hand in his and walked over to the old apple tree that stood on the edge of the clearing .
` ` the first time we met , i picked an apple from this tree . ''
` ` the apple represented what my life was like at that time - carnal , selfish , violent , a magnet for sin . ''
julia watched as he sank to one knee , pulling a golden apple out of his pocket .
` ` this apple represents what i ' ve become - full of hope .
she looked at the apple before her eyes sought his .
he opened the apple like a magic box and julia saw a sparkling diamond ring nestled against a fold of red velvet .
gabriel removed the ring from the apple and placed it gently on her finger before caressing her hand with his lips .
he walked over to the mantelpiece of the fireplace in order to retrieve a familiar looking golden apple .
she kneeled quickly as papers , pens , her ipod , cell phone , and a green apple skidded across the floor and onto the professor 's beautiful persian rug .
and with the contrast between the three men well fixed in her mind , she went back to bed , closed her eyes , and dreamed of a neglected apple orchard .
up ahead there 's an old apple orchard .
he smiled at her and walked over to one of the remaining apple trees .
he studied the boughs of hanging fruit and chose the largest , ripest red apple before picking a smaller one .
julia took the apple and brought it immediately to her lips , taking a firm bite .
he pressed her head gently to his shoulder and began eating the smaller apple that he had hidden in his pocket .
` ` i suppose it 's all right to accept apples , gabriel ? ''
and apples . ''
gabriel was far too upset to notice the remark about apples .
the tasting of the apple was knowledge itself , and now she knew .
i wonder if my favorite apple tree is still there ... i wonder if anyone would notice if i carved my initials into the trunk ... gabriel scowled obliquely , for a number of reasons .
he pulled something from one of the grocery bags and placed it in the center of his right palm , holding it out to her as one might hold out an apple to tempt a horse .
then i stopped for a smoke and picked a few apples for our breakfast .
` ` homemade apple pie , '' gabriel announced , removing the dome with a flourish .
` ` my dad always eats a slice of cheese with his apple pie .
` ` because he 's a bad apple .
he poured himself a glass of perrier and ate an apple , and when he was satisfied that he could control himself , he changed into a t - shirt and pajama bottoms and quietly slipped into bed .
he grew progressively cooler and more detached with each drink , so much so that by the time he served one of his housekeeper 's homemade apple pies for dessert , julia waved it aside and demanded that he silence maria callas so that they could talk .
after indulging in a slice of apple pie with vermont cheddar , julia proceeded to return gabriel 's apartment to its formerly pristine condition .
at the far edge of the area stood several aged apple trees .
three charms hung from the necklace - a heart , an apple , and a book .
the rings and charms are silver , except for the apple , which is made of gold .
and it ai n't the apple pie . ''
rachel examined the apple pies on the center island , testing their temperature with her finger .
she pressed her mouth to his adam 's apple , and he recoiled slightly as if she 'd tickled him .
it smelled like apples and spice in the hallway ; the complete opposite of the mystery smell that clung to the cement floors and walls of what bridget used to think was a decent apartment building she lived in .
over the years i started adding to it , and being from yakima , i naturally included apples . ''
` ` apples , '' emma repeated and jotted that down .
` ` yakima is known for apples , right ? ''
more than half of all the apples grown in the united states come from orchards in yakima and wenatchee . ''
` ` so the liquor and the apples are your two secret ingredients . ''
adding local apples , cooked down into a sauce , and using only ingredients of the highest quality , she began with her mother 's recipe and expanded on it .
when asked , earleen was happy to share her secrets - liquor and apples .
chase had an apple for him and he bit into it , snapping it in half with his big horse teeth .
i took a step backward as he thrust its nose over the top of the wooden fence , curious to see if i had any apples , or if i was edible .
she nuzzled chase , looking for the apple he had in his pocket .
he patted her neck and scratched her ears while she chomped on the apple .
i 'd brought an apple for celeste and she accepted it without hesitation .
i bought her for you , to ride , to pet , to feed apples to . ''
he pulled a shiny red apple out of his pocket , handing it to me .
the apple was cool in my hand .
she ambled over , sniffed the apple and then bit it in half .
i reached out to pat her nose and she snorted against my hand , looking for another apple .
green apple ? ''
all her life she 'd been a princess , the darling , pampered apple of her parents ' eyes , born to them when they were both nearing forty and had given up hope of ever having children .
the simplest explanation connor had heard was that he should think of the twilight like an apple .
her skin smelled like apples and her long blonde hair was damp from a recent shower .
she sported a damp ponytail , clean clothes , and smelled like apples .
` ` he likes my homemade apple pie . ''
` ` i like apple pie . ''
she asked , turning off the water she had running to wash the apples .
she dug into one of the lower cabinets for her apple peeler .
as soon as he stepped into the house , the scent of cinnamon , butter , and apples hit him hard enough to bring him up short .
in that moment , with a bubbling apple pie in her gloved hands , stacey had decided that she was a big girl and she could take it .
i smell apple pie . ''
` ` want some apple pie ? ''
` ` you and your apple pie are the best smelling things in this stinky world . ''
` ` seems like it came from the apple tree .
` ` the apple does n't fall far from the tree , claire .
the second had lighter hair , nearly brown as if bleached by the sun , and he was so thin and tall he hunched over as if trying to disguise his height , or perhaps his prominent adam 's apple .
a tall young woman with a white streak through her black hair galloped past carrying a bushel of apples .
the arrow plunged directly through his adam 's apple , coated in bright red blood .
what about apples and cinnamon ?
` ` you want strawberries , apples , cinnamon , and pineapples ? ''
places like that tended to attract the occasional bad apple , but they weeded them out fast and banned them from entering afterwards .
` ` an apple cinnamon pineapple one , plus one with eggs and sausage .
he 's forbidden fruit , and i ' m eve standing in front of the apple .
` ` he touches her in any way , and i will come back and rip your head off your body like it is the stem of an apple .
i whisper kisses across the apple of her check and lick the throbbing pulse point .
the adam 's apple is prominent in his throat , and i ca n't look away from it - from him .
life is like an apple .
a big window framed the limbs of a beautiful old apple tree , decked out in bright green leaves and dotted with tiny new fruit .
on the way out of town , the yellow ribbons continued - on mailboxes and front doors and autumn - leaved apple trees .
one thing was for sure , the same boy she had grown up with and chased through the apple orchards was now a grown man .
just this morning , when he went for his usual ride through hyde park , he was appalled to endure an elderly lady 's attempt to throw an apple at his head .
did you know someone threw an apple at me this morning ?
it was n't her fault you fell into the pond while taking her for a walk , or out of the tree when getting her an apple .
doverspike , this is me firstborn and the apple of me eye , larla dalrymple .
to satisfy the nagging voice in my head , i ate an apple , drank a glass of milk .
apple picker wanted , work hard but steady ; hay baler needs part - time help , no drinkers , no women ; sutton ranch needs general hand to dig irrigation ditches - top dollar paid .
suddenly a man emerged from the leafy umbrella of an apple tree and moved toward her father .
mad dog stood beneath the fragrant canopy of an apple tree , shrouded by low - hanging boughs .
the porch needs whitening ... and the apples might be ready . ''
' the apples ... your way ? ''
` ` there 's nothing wrong with the way i harvest the apples . ''
he passed an apple tree and grabbed several , stuffing the ripe , red fruit into his sack .
sitting up , he burrowed through his pack and pulled out the apples .
` ` mr . stone , i believe i 'll let you harvest the apples tomorrow morning . ''
let you harvest the apples ?
you will then go to the apple orchard - it 's in the west pasture , along the stream - and begin to pick and sort the ripe fruit .
` ` you want me to pick the apple , check its color , and put it in the barrel of the corresponding type ? ''
and i ' ve picked apples from coast to coast . ''
light streamed through the fluttering leaves and dappled the apple - littered grass .
she was standing on the bottom rung of a wooden ladder , checking apples for ripeness with the focused intensity of a general on the front line .
` ` some apples are best when stored for a while . ''
` ` you reach for the apple like this , and take hold of it with your thumb and middle finger .
she ignored him and plucked the apple .
he held out an apple .
he stopped at the washbasin and held out an apple .
cold evening air , redolent with the sweet scent of ripe apples , greeted him .
the apples , the pears ... '' the sweet fragrance of the orchard engulfed mad dog , filled his senses .
` ` i believe the last time you said that , you were talking about picking apples ... or was it the pigpen ? ''
chapter fourteen mad dog threw a dark apple into the ` ` red '' barrel .
absently he stared at the boy picking apples in the other tree .
` ` hey , kid , '' he said , tossing another apple in the barrel .
gently placing his sack full of apples in the ` ` mostly red '' barrel , he followed mad dog to the sagging wooden fence .
the sound of mad dog 's rumbling , baritone laughter seeped up from the orchard , where he and jake were i picking apples .
as he came over the rise and dropped down into the thicket of trees , he heard the crack - thunk of an apple hitting a barrel .
the boy was burrowed high in the tree , carefully plucking ripe apples from the branches .
mad dog was at the next tree , throwing apples , one at a time from the pile in his arms , into the various barrels .
fortunately mad dog was an honest , good - hearted man , because he was pure disaster as an apple picker .
he set a few apples into the ` ` mostly red '' barrel and reached for the canteen .
whistling softly , she headed for the canning table and started peeling the last few apples of the harvest .
his knobby adam 's apple slid up and down his throat .
` ` oh , god , mariah , not more apple pancakes . ''
` ` apple fritters . ''
` ` not more apple pancakes . ''
` ` one more apple pancake and i ' m going to start siding with mad dog . ''
you were meant to live on an apple farm .
this apple farm .
could n't grow old on some nothing little apple farm in the middle of nowhere .
the kitchen was filled with holiday scents - sugar - glazed ham , spiced apple cider , and pecan pie .
in the corner , on a red - cloth covered table , sat the small christmas tree , its boughs weighted down with spun - glass angels , gilded apples , glazed cherries , sugar plums , and twinkling with candlelight .
he flaunted others in front of her , '' nigel swallowed , his adams 's apple bobbing in his throat .
the night was falling quickly , but that was no deterrent to the tourists who flocked to new york city to see the sights and sounds of the big apple : the empire state building , central park , the statue of liberty and times square .
an apple pie sat on a long wooden table near his left arm , he shoved chunks of it in his mouth occasionally , mumbling through the crumbling pastry and sweetly spiced fruit .
` ` hey , '' he said with a goofy smile and a bobbing adam 's apple .
the little old lady smiled at jane , and her apple cheeks plumped up .
he 's only being lured by her apple turnovers .
the woman had a real smile on her lips now , and her apple cheeks had dimpled right up .
` ` well , let 's see , i ' ve got ' big apple red ' and ' thrill of brazil . '
haley sat on a folding chair in the fellowship hall , her feet tucked up under her as she sipped on a cup of apple cider .
he took a long swallow , his adam 's apple bobbing .
eve , rendered in fiberglass and wearing fig leaves , stood beside the apple tree , reaching for a bright red apple .
eve , rendered in fiberglass and wearing fig leaves , stood beside the apple tree , reaching for a bright red apple .
lori sterling , the team 's logistics coordinator and wife of sam sterling , the team manager , brought all the makings for her rum punch - a powerful concoction of bacardi and orange , apple , and pineapple juices that tulane never touched .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple recoiling , while a muscle ticked in his lean cheek .
and i have a weakness for homemade apple pie .
his adam 's apple danced as he swallowed .
i have a whole batch of apple vodka and schnapps that i laid in just for when you come to town . ''
her apple cheeks now drooped a little along her jawline .
chapter 7 savannah rolled the dough for an apple strudel .
and , in addition to a bean casserole , savannah wanted to bake an apple pie , just to prove the point that her crust was flakier than jenny carpenter 's .
more roses , magnolia and apple trees , irises , and a billion other flowers i did n't recognize .
she asked if they would like to be served tea in a deep voice that had jeisa checking to see if she had an adam 's apple .
his adam 's apple jerked .
she stepped outside to yell after him , ` ` oh , and i better see a cheeseburger and some fries when you get back - nothing stupid an herbivore would eat like an apple or vegetable . ''
a balladeer , chestnut sellers , apple - women crying the virtues of their wizened fruit .
some struck karolus , who shied violently , then bucked and reared as more grenades struck the bank between the ditches - bright flashes from the ones that went off , others rolling like fallen apples , smothered and harmless in the dirt , a few with live fuses hissing like snakes .
` ` no , apple ' n ' raisin pie ! ''
they 'd hobbled the horses and set them to graze on the lush grass , then supped themselves , decently if not luxuriously , on bread and cheese and dried apples .
there was a lantern and a tinderbox standing on the top step ; jamie lighted the lantern for the abbot , then followed him down , privately amused at the abbot 's practicality in finding a hiding place for a valuable thing , shoved casually behind a row of last winter 's apples wizened by now into wrinkled things the size of a cow 's eyeball .
his adam 's apple bobbed above his tie 's windsor knot then control returned to his face .
braydon swallowed roughly , his adam 's apple bobbing in his throat .
then we 'll take you back to your big , comfortable stall , and you can have your favorite feed , and an apple for dessert . ''
` ` with an apple stuffed in your mouth , '' she muttered .
his throat worked , adam 's apple bobbing madly .
i did n't want to be anything like him , never imagined i could be , so imagine how i felt when i discovered that the apple does n't fall too far from the diseased tree . ''
instead of listing off states or presidents or varieties of trees , they display simple white graphics - apple , ball , cat , dog - a child 's guide to the alphabet .
a trio of teenage boys in yellow jumpsuits hauls a cart of oranges past us , and i notice one of them has strange sores running down the side of his face , sunken brown patches like the bruises on an apple , as if the cells have simply collapsed .
how could he look so tasty , yet remind her of the poison apple snow white was offered ?
` ` you 'll have sparkling apple cider .
this was a full - blown eve , who dared a man to hell and made a poison apple seem as sweet as candy .
overstuffed apple - green chairs and battered coffee tables were dragged from the storeroom and arranged in an informal circle .
her mother chatted with sawyer and wolfe while she made the espresso and pulled out a variety of fruit , cheese , figs , and apple tarts .
i already com - mitted to the apple cake ; i do that much better than pasta .
` ` i will make her do apple cake and biscotti .
carina sat at the bar in the casino and fiddled with the edge of the napkin placed under her apple martini .
damn , why did he look so adorable mussed , wet , and smelling of apple juice ?
shiny red apples that would do snow white 's evil queen proud gleamed in a row .
it 's called torta di mele , an apple breakfast cake .
she carefully lay down the apple and squinted as if to study every hidden nuance of her expression .
when dozens of apples were peeled and the cake was safely in the oven , maggie grabbed her camera , relieved she still possessed all ten fingers , and turned to thank mama conte for the lesson .
` ` i brought apples , and i have some carrots left over from the stew i made , if you want to give him those later on . ''
one more month and she 'd be moving to the big apple .
at the vending machine she bought herself a can of apple juice , trying to comprehend the feelings inside her .
she opened her can of apple juice and took a swallow , trying to fathom what was going through her head .
the thinning hair on his head was almost white , and his adam 's apple protruded from his neck like a small prune .
he picked out a couple of apples from the bin , then handed one to theresa .
before taking a bite of his apple , garrett asked : ` ` could you still write your column even if you changed papers ? ''
madeline 's nails scraped over him , drawing a line from his adam 's apple to his navel , and then she palmed his erection through the fabric of his pants .
and then , sated and drained , she 'd melted over him like ice cream on hot apple pie .
by five that afternoon , she 'd washed windows , baked a fresh apple pie and scrubbed the shower .
` ` how did you know apple pie is my favorite ? ''
god , country , apple pie - the whole patriotic bit .
his adam 's apple moved up and down , and he clenched his jaw so tightly that the sides of his face went white .
he bought a crisp , red delicious apple and ate it as he ambled toward the booths that sold various craft items designed to attract the tourist trade .
for all she knew , he might have brought along apples , or oranges , or omitted fruit altogether .
the older woman had looked something like a baked apple when she 'd first come into class .
his adam 's apple worked up and down his throat a couple of times .
` ` yankee pot roast , mashed potatoes , steamed baby carrots and fresh - baked apple pie . ''
his gaze rested on her , and she watched as his adam 's apple moved up and down his throat while he struggled to restrain the emotion .
his adam 's apple bobbed with the action .
thick steaks were marinating in the refrigerator ; a homemade apple pie , riley 's favorite , was cooling on the kitchen countertop .
a long - necked giraffe nibbled foliage from a bright green apple tree heavy with luscious fruit .
i did get an apple pie made . ''
` ` apple pie is my favorite . ''
he followed her into the country - style kitchen and set the flat boxes that contained the pumpkin and apple pies on the countertop .
but she noted he was n't complaining too loudly since she 'd baked the apple pie especially for him .
he knew exactly what adam had felt like when faced with that apple .
his eyes did a cartoony thing where they seemed to bulge out of his head , and his adam 's apple bobbed .
when she leaned over to put a pan of biscuits in the oven , his adam 's apple bobbed and he started to get out of his chair .
then he wanted to ride into town on his harley as mitch carruthers , pi / bodyguard , and see how chain - saw dave liked them apples .
he had n't thought of that apple pie scene in years , but with zoe around , everything became a sexual reference .
barbie 's leg ended up in mrs . jorgen - son 's flower bed and one arm was in the apple tree behind the mastersons ' house .
as rick and charlie polished off large pieces of apple pie a la mode , charlie tried to convince his cousin that the idea was not only sleazy , it was doomed to failure .
` ` apple computers .
` ` i did n't know you knew who founded apple . ''
he held up the bottle of wine , a banana , and an apple .
the apple was a joke that only he would be able to appreciate in the course of the evening , but then , this was mostly about him , was n't it ?
that was the moment when neil stuck the apple in jared 's open mouth .
the crunch of those teeth on the apple nearly brought neil off , but he controlled the urge .
when he stood , jared thumped to the floor and lay there , an apple in one end and a banana in the other .
she stirred the powdered sugar into the apple brandy .
i want a hot apple pie , and i did n't trust ethan to make it right . ''
` ` a hot apple pie ?
she grabbed the baileys bottle so she could start making the hot apple pie .
you can just make me another hot apple pie .
justin climbed unsteadily onto a stool and watched as she made another hot apple pie for leonard .
says it 's got hints of apples and oranges , so how bad can it be ?
his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed , and he looked away as if he was uncomfortable with the direction the conversation had turned .
he hated her father , and if the apple did n't fall very far from the tree , she could n't imagine sam being overjoyed with spending time with her , loving her or allowing his child to be raised by a monster .
i ' m afraid , my dear , that the apple did n't fall far from the tree .
he looked like he was about nineteen with an adam 's apple the size of a baseball .
` ` we ' ve got boring , old apple pie with cranberries and lemon glaze on top .
jonah 's smile did n't even come close to touching his eyes , which burned with malevolent mischief that made mike 's balls crawl up into his groin , practically touching his adam 's apple , so tight and so creepy was the look on jonah 's face .
from apple trees that yielded bountiful harvests in september and october to the summer berries to the careful protection of wild blueberries , a hallmark in maine along the miles and miles of trails , over a hundred in all , that dotted the 140 acres of privately owned land .
dad was about as technologically savvy as an amish guy in an apple store .
the air was as crisp and delicious as a sun - ripened apple .
we all saw how he loved kathy ; and that little daughter of his was the apple of his eye .
up and ready for work an hour early , she strode down the hall and lingered outside the boss 's office , juggling a mug of steaming coffee in one hand and a plate with her fresh - baked apple muffins in the other .
her sister 's entire universe revolved around orchard valley and their five - hundred - acre apple orchard ten miles outside town .
she took a moment to glance at the hundreds of neat rows of apple trees , all in fragrant blossom .
although most of the orchards were miles out of town , she could ' ve sworn that when she inhaled deeply she caught a whiff of apple blossoms .
` ` i did n't notice the trees so much , but there might ' ve been an apple .
colby asked valerie when she arrived at the hospital the next morning , carrying an armful of apple blossoms for the nurses ' station .
she shifted the spray of apple blossoms , conscious of their heady aroma in the antiseptic - smelling hospital corridor .
the crews were just beginning to spray the apple trees under the direction of dale howard , the orchard manager .
he 'd written an investigative feature , clearly one of a series , about the unhealthy and often unsafe conditions under which many of the migrant workers lived and worked in the community 's apple orchards .
now , i ask you , who owns the largest apple orchard in three counties ?
wonderful dreams of laughing and loving , of strolling hand in hand through the apple orchard , sharing secrets and planning the rest of their lives .
steffie wandered between two rows of budding apple trees , contemplating her latest disaster with charles .
one arm leaning on the shelf where the dwindling stock of winter apples was spread , he idly caressed one of the fruits , a forefinger slowly stroking the round yellow cheek of it .
` ` i ' m watching out for a snake bearing apples , '' he said , and laughed , then cleared his throat .
i expect he 's looking for an apple , too . ''
he spoke calmly enough , but i saw him swallow briefly , adam 's apple bobbing in his slender throat .
she handed him a small basket - filled with corn bread and dried apples , from the smell - then wished them a soft ` ` good night , sleep well , '' before vanishing into the damp , restless night .
mrs . forbes had the montgomery lasses in , as well , and miss ogilvie , and we had wee lamb cutlets wi ' raspberry sauce and fried apples and - oh , is that you , mr . christie ?
he did n't speak for a moment , but i saw his throat move , the big adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed .
the goat had stopped making noise , having recognized me , but was now stretching her neck through the railing of her pen , blueberry - colored tongue extended like an anteater 's , in an effort to reach an apple core that had rolled near the pen .
' t was only eating green apples , the once . ''
my first hope - green apples or gooseberries - vanished with a closer look at him .
food was beginning to be brought out : tureens of powsowdie and hotchpotch - and an enormous tub of soup a la reine , a clear compliment to the guest of honor - platters of fried fish , fried chicken , fried rabbit ; venison collops in red wine , smoked sausages , forfar bridies , inky - pinky , roast turkeys , pigeon pie ; dishes of colcannon , stovies , turnip purry , roasted apples stuffed with dried pumpkin , squash , corn , mushroom pasties ; gigantic baskets overflowing with fresh baps , rolls , and other breads ... all this , i was well aware , merely as prelude to the barbecue whose succulent aroma was drifting through the air : a number of hogs , three or four beeves , two deer , and , the piece de resistance , a wood bison , acquired god knew how or where .
` ` they 're fixin ' to make roast chicken out of somebody , sure as god made little green apples .
his large adam 's apple bobbed nervously .
a sweet , pungently fermented scent , like rotted apples .
i said faintly , but the only answer was the bellying of the curtain as the breeze came in , scented with apples .
` ` i suppose it never occurred to da that anyone would want to leave , '' bree said , grunting as she lowered her own burden - marsali 's cauldron , packed with cheeses , sacks of flour , beans , and rice , plus a wooden box full of dried fish and a string bag of apples .
the basket of silk threads sat in her lap , the colors carefully arrayed in a spiral , so that she could choose the one she wanted by touch , and the finished linen fell to one side , five feet of cloth edged with an intricate design of apples , leaves , and vines - or no , i realized , when i picked up the end of the cloth to admire it .
her first thought was that lizzie looked excited , too ; the little bondmaid 's cheeks were flushed as apples , the color visible even in the darkness of the stoop .
` ` comfort me with apples and stay me with raisins , is it ?
she swallowed , the tiny bump of her adam 's apple bobbing .
a thin man in a wig , with a prominent adam 's apple , he looked to be in his thirties , though his skin was lined and yellowed by some tropical disease .
now macdonald was holding out the apple of temptation , the call of clan and blood .
a place in which to rise , to stretch , to bring a juicy apple back to bed , to share slice by slice , fingers brushing lips .
as though frustrated by so much rustic simplicity , though , one of the chefs had provided a charming hors d'oeuvre - a nest , cunningly built from strips of pastry , ornamented with real sprigs of flowering apple , on the edge of which perched two nightingales , skinned and roasted , stuffed with apple and cinnamon , then redressed in their feathers .
as though frustrated by so much rustic simplicity , though , one of the chefs had provided a charming hors d'oeuvre - a nest , cunningly built from strips of pastry , ornamented with real sprigs of flowering apple , on the edge of which perched two nightingales , skinned and roasted , stuffed with apple and cinnamon , then redressed in their feathers .
` ` and for god 's sake , dinna be throwin ' horse apples at people bigger than you are .
it will be the little one , under the apple tree , rolling her eyes like a coquette .
fergus stopped and swallowed , the large adam 's apple bobbing uneasily in his skinny throat .
a quick rummage through the saddlebags turned up a heel of cheese and several apples .
` ` mm , '' he said , taking a bite of one apple .
it 's vitamin c that prevents scurvy , and apples are full of it . ''
he took the apple away from his mouth and frowned at it suspiciously .
` ` so are most other kinds of plants - oranges and lemons are best , but of course you ca n't get those here - but onions , cabbage , apples ... eat something like that every day , and you wo n't get scurvy .
he turned the apple to and fro , examining it critically , then shrugged .
right or not , when this was over ... i choked off an intensely pleasing vision of jamie writhing on the ground with my foot on his adam 's apple , in order to concentrate on my present role .
the water splashed over his chin and onto his shirt , and his adam 's apple bobbed theatrically as he drank .
` ` the man that takes her in unholy embrace will have his privates blasted like a frostbitten apple , '' he said , with relish , ` ` and his soul will burn forever in hell . ''
` ` aye , and they 'd pick ye off your horse like a ripe apple . ''
i had had a large store of dried fiddleheads , rose hips , dried apples and dill seeds in the larger of my two medicine chests , carefully collected as a defense against nutritional deficiency during the long winter months .
he yanked danton 's head back even further , so i could see the bobbing of his adam 's apple as he swallowed convulsively , his eyes fixed on me in fear .
tasted the salty sweat in the hollow of his throat , smelled the warm muskiness of the hair between his legs , the sweetness of the soft , wide mouth , tasting faintly of dried apple and the bitter tang of juniper berries .
i saw the adam 's apple bob in ian 's throat as he swallowed .
salt beef , dried cherries , fresh apples , all well and good .
` ` you 're flushed as a wee apple ; verra bonny . ''
reaching in her pocket , she pulled out a small green apple , which the horse accepted with delicate pleasure .
` ` in most other respects , '' he went on , leaning toward me confidentially , ` ` they are as a race both lazy and stubborn , a pair of traits which renders them unfit for- '' at this point , the youngest ensign , red with embarrassment , knocked over a bowl of apples , creating enough of a diversion to prevent the completion of the lieutenant 's thought - though not , unfortunately , sufficient to deflect its train altogether .
i smoothed my hair and prepared to meet jocasta 's guests , feeling rather as though i , too , were being presented on a silver platter , with an apple in my mouth .
it was late july , and the scent of ripening fruit from the orchard was sweet , so heavy on the air that i could almost taste the clean , crisp tang of new apples .
` ` why- '' he began , then stopped and swallowed , knobbly adam 's apple bobbing .
daniel rawlings 's casebook began to acquire new entries , and the larder was enriched by the gifts of hams and venison haunches , bags of grain and bushels of apples , with which my patients repaid my attentions .
` ` thought i saw a snake , '' and went on , the thought that had stopped me in my tracks still knotting my midsection like a dose of bitter apples .
ian 's adam 's apple bobbed , once .
sometimes dried apples take a man amiss . ''
perhaps it was not the dried apples , after all . ''
his face was round and snub - nosed , cheeks translucent and ruddy as apples .
he had food in his bag ; they sat on a log and shared apples and bread .
i had a good seasoned barrel for apples and another for squash already ; the potatoes would be stored on shelves to keep from rotting .
her dress was made in the usual fashion , with a low , square neckline , and her br**sts were high and round ; it took no more than a casual downward yank to bare them , popping them up over the edge of the bodice like a pair of apples .
she knelt and began to unpack the small basket she had brought , laying out small loaves of bread stuffed with cheese and tomato - pickle , a dried - apple tart , and two stone bottles - one of hot vegetable broth , the other of cider .
the pantry shelves bulged with sacks of nuts , heaps of squash , rows of potatoes , jars of dried tomatoes , peaches , and apricots , bowls of dried mushrooms , wheels of cheese , and baskets of apples .
a short , middle - aged serving woman with a face like a winter apple popped out of a door i had n't noticed , concealed as it was in the bend of the chimney .
i watched them as jamie took an apple from the basket of windfalls kept near the door .
` ` give me an apple , '' he said to jamie , who obliged .
after a second apple , his thoughts appeared to have shifted to another topic .
` ` rupert said ye had to get married , '' he remarked , through a mouthful of apple .
he peered hopefully in the drawer of the desk where i sometimes kept apples or other small bits of food .
ellen was the eldest o ' the six mackenzie bairns - a year or two older than colum , and the apple of auld jacob 's eye .
a great fearsome creature , sirs , tall as a pine tree , wi ' a neck like a great blue snake , an ' eyes big as apples , wi ' a look in them as would steal the soul from a man . ''
` ` shall i fetch home some apples from the orchard , jenny ?
she wore a starched white kertch that hid most of her hair , but a few wisps of iron - grey peeped out beside cheeks like withered apples .
she twinkled suddenly at me , little cheeks round and firm as summer apples , so i could see what a very lively and attractive girl she must have been .
after a week 's haggling and bartering , the wagons were as full as they had been to start with - or more so , heaped with sacks of grain and wool , casks of cider , bags of apples , stacks of hides and other sundries taken in trade .
i closed my eyes for a moment , summoning up a wistful vision of this haven of delight , then opened them to reality : a crusted griddle , black with the remnants of scorched oatcake ; soggy shoes and frozen feet ; damp clothes that chafed with grit and sand ; hampers whose abundance had dwindled to a single loaf of bread - well - nibbled by mice - ten apples , and a heel of cheese ; three screeching babies ; one frazzled young mother with sore br**sts and cracked n**ples ; one expectant bride with a case of incipient nerves ; one white - faced serving - maid with menstrual cramps ; four slightly inebriated scotsmen - and one frenchman in similar condition - who wandered in and out of camp like bears and were not going to be any help whatever in packing up this evening ... and a deep , clenching ache in my lower belly that gave me the unwelcome news that my own monthly - which had grown thankfully much less frequent than monthly of late - had decided to keep lizzie 's company .
in fact , several different people were using it now ; the mingled scents of fowl , pork , mutton , and possum rose up in a cloud of apple - wood and hickory smoke , a savory incense that made my mouth water .
` ` devil 's apples !
fergus cocked a sleek brow at him , picked up his bowl , and drank it down , adam 's apple bobbing in his long brown throat .
heaps of dried squash , burlap bag of oatmeal and cornmeal , and gallon upon gallon of apple cider and cider vinegar .
two large barrels of apples stood at the back - with the prints of several sets of childish feet leading up to them , i saw .
` ` i did catch twa o ' them wee de'ils a - playin ' at bowls in there with your nice blue bottles and an apple , and be sure i boxed their ears sae hard for it i ' m sure they 're ringin ' still , the wicked creeturs , and them a - leavin ' bits of good food to rot and go bad , and- '' ` ` my bread ! ''
i supposed i could n't really blame her ; moldy bread , rotted melon , and mushy apple slices might be research to me ; to mrs . bug , they could be nothing but a calculated offense to the god of cleanliness .
i sighed and closed the cupboard , adding the faint perfume of dried lavender and the skunk scent of pennyroyal to the ghosts of lye and rotted apples .
by the time bree reappeared with a drink and a pewter plate heaped with sliced pork , apple fritters , and roast potatoes , jamie had come into the circle of firelight , taking roger 's place before the standing cross .
` ` i had a few apples , but the chisholms got them .
sniffing cautiously , i deduced that the barrels i saw contained - among other things - salt fish , tar , apples , beer , and sauerkraut , while bundles of woolen blankets dyed with cochineal and indigo , kegs of black powder , and half - tanned hides reeking of dog turds lent their own peculiar fragrances to the unique mephitis within .
rotten apples ?
mrs . bug brought out a basket of apples , and gathered all the young unmarried girls together in a corner of the kitchen , where - with much giggling and glancing over shoulders toward the young men - each peeled a fruit , keeping the peeling in one piece .
scarlet - faced and nearly speechless themselves , they had presented roger with three early apples , lopsided green nubbins obviously stolen from someone 's orchard on the way .
he had smiled broadly at them in thanks , picked up one of the apples , and taken a heroic bite from it before i could stop him .
with amazing agility for a man who had just consumed a pound or two of spiced sausage with fried apples and potatoes , he slid out of his chair and disappeared down the hall toward his study .
the apple trees in the orchard were young , still slender , but bearing decently , providing a small yellowish - green fruit that would n't have impressed luther burbank , but which did have a nice crunchy texture and a tart flavor - an excellent antidote to the greasy taste of pigeon livers .
` ` is good the bear - killer come , '' she said , turning back to me , apple basket on her hip .
we went home in mid - afternoon , tired , sunburnt , and smelling of apples , to find that the hunters had come back .
after the proper ceremonies and a large welcoming feast - featuring smoked pigeon livers with fried apples - the large party of hunters set off at dawn , equipped with pine torches and firepots , in addition to bows , muskets , and rifles .
` ` parritch , dried apples , wine mixed wi ' an ox 's gall , water drunk at the dark o ' the moon at midnight ... nothing at all would shift him .
` ` this one was round as an apple , and heavy as a steamed puddin ' .
` ` ulysses cut his throat , '' duncan said , and swallowed , adam 's apple bobbing in his own throat .
more importantly , i had a large kitchen with good light and enough room for a quilting - frame , plus the services of mrs . bug , who kept the quilters well supplied with mugs of tea and endless plates of apple scones .
there was an apple , though , and she took it .
` ` just an apple here , '' she said .
standing at the stall of a pretty mare , dent dug a piece of dried apple from his pocket and held it out to the horse .
` ` a couple of cherry , some apple , and pear , '' nora said , sorting through a stack of gloves , looking for a new pair .
but as soon as julia closed the door behind her and smelled the delicious scent of her grandmother 's apple crumble , she forgot all about him .
` ` put the apple crumble away when you 're done with it , '' dee said .
he swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing like a dinghy in a tidal wave .
he pushed a glass of apple juice in front of me and leveled me with a curious frown , finally giving me his full attention .
you were horribly sick , but you smelled like apples and cinnamon and total woman . ''
think of it like an apple .
` ` but before you went into the apple , '' she said slowly , ` ` you came from another planet , right ? ''
` ` remember the apple ? ''
chapter eight valediction an unexpected knock on the door revealed bex standing on the landing , holding a half - eaten apple .
bex shifted his weight nervously , holding the door open with one hand , holding his apple with the other .
bex stood before me , bored and holding a half - eaten apple .
i opened my eyes , seeing bex stood frozen in place in the doorway , a half - eaten apple in one hand .
i 'll grab me an apple cider and you a coffee at that place on spruce .
` ` i 'll have a large hot apple cider with caramel .
he sets the apple aside and drags me onto his lap , then he adjusts me between his thighs and grabs back his ipad , whispering in my ear as he shows me the screen , ` ` kicking the computer 's ass . ''
melanie rolls her eyes at me as she searches my apple tv for something to rent .
he carries me around the kitchen and grabs two green apples in one hand , then gives one to me as he carries us to the master bedroom .
he finishes his first , then licks the juice from the corners of my lips , and i offer up my apple to him because i suspect he 's still hungry .
i shift to keep him still inside me as we both eat my apple and bite it on the opposite side at the same time .
he opens his mouth so i give him more apple , and i move my fingers to shape the size of a plum with my free hand .
` ` so little , '' i breathe , curling into his big warm body with a sigh , listening to him finish my apple and letting him lick all the juicy drops that fall on my skin .
he finishes one peach and two apples , and he is now pacing again , watching me feed our son as he flicks open the buttons of his jacket , then of his entire shirt .
` ` i want a tiny little church where it 's almost just us , '' she whispered , kissing my adam 's apple and then reaching up to caress my dimples .
i hand two happy meals with two apple pies through the driver 's window .
he playfully nips my mouth and his lips taste of apple .
i love it , and suddenly i ' m wide awake , feeling hungry and it 's not for apple .
* * * on the walk home , i picked up a bottle of sparkling apple juice in lieu of champagne .
i put the bottle of apple juice in the fridge and headed down the hallway to my bedroom for a shower .
finally he found what he was searching for and placed a thick chocolate bar and two apples on the bench .
` ` without appearing completely stupid , '' carol said , biting into her apple , ` ` may i ask why you hauled a garbage bag all the way up here ? ''
carol bit into her apple again before alex could change his mind and take it away from her .
` ` i was waiting for that , '' alex murmured , setting aside his apple .
` ` the way i see it , '' peter said , holding a red delicious apple in one hand and staring at his mother , ` ` james 's dad can adopt me . ''
peter took a huge bite of the apple .
he heard himself groan , a long sound of pleasure when her lips touched his adam 's apple , and then his jaw , and then the corner of his mouth , and her breath was so hot on his lips , her mouth so wet and her tongue so demanding on his .
` ` there 's an apple that fell way far from the tree ... and then got punted across the yard .
it was n't a pretty sight , more like the way the serpent might have smiled when eve bit the apple .
a bad apple , she could recover from .
the need to relax and be with sarah had become so com - pelling that he 'd pushed himself and everyone else to the breaking point , but he 'd wound everything up a day earlier than he 'd told sarah to expect him , and now he looked around the quiet apartment , the sunlight streaming in the windows , a faint , tantalizing aroma , the smell of homemade apple pie , lingering on the air .
he sniffed and grinned , because apple pie was his favorite .
keeping his irritation under control , rome prepared his dinner and ate it alone , and he helped himself to a big chunk of the apple pie .
she baked an apple pie for him and put clean sheets on their beds .
her hand still wrapped around him , she leaned down , her br**sts bobbing like tempting apples in front of him .
he was slicing an apple .
she chewed on her lip a moment , then said , ` ` mini apples . ''
it took him only a few minutes to shower , dress , and grab a couple of apples from a bowl in the kitchen on his way out the door .
cain recovered an apple from the discarded tray and wiped it on his sleeve .
sibyl bit into the apple , unable to resist the offer of food .
he rummaged in the fridge for something , but came up with only a couple of apples .
as was said , an apple does not fall far from the tree .
jared leaped over the oranges and apples spilling off the island onto the floor , and gave chase .
adrian stepped around from behind an apple tree that was thick with pink and white flowers .
lily snagged an apple as she passed the fruit bowl and added it to her plate .
you eat an apple . ''
we can see how far the clary apple falls from the valentine tree just by how they treat their bffs , both of whom became downworlders , interestingly enough .
his lifelong love of villains ( and a serious aversion to apples ) started with the evil queen in snow white .
i used to think we were leaving fake apples for santa and that 's why he outright avoided us some years .
i watch as the artisan carefully paints my nails a candy apple red while another prods , pokes , and tickles mercilessly at my feet .
i can feel my adam 's apple rise and fall as i swallow .
physically , kristian was just like his father , errol : tall , thin , with dark hair , myopic blue eyes , and a prominent adam 's apple bobbing in his throat.kristian could n't have looked more like the prototypical computer nerd if he 'd had the words stenciled on his forehead .
he leaned back in his chair as the meal was set before him , roasted pork , turnips , fresh bread , cheese , and stewed apples .
turkey on wheat with mustard , an apple , and a bottle of water ; he had the same thing every day , after the exact same breakfast of oatmeal , scrambled egg whites , and a banana .
` ` i think i was wrong , '' he said , walking toward her , holding a fuji apple .
travis stood and polished the apple on his jeans .
he took a bite of his apple , then motioned toward her with it .
he took another bite of his apple .
he took another bite of his apple , letting the question hang .
she opened her mouth , wanting to say something witty and unexpected , something to put him in his place , but before anything sprang to mind , he tossed the remains of the apple in the garbage and turned to rinse his hands before going on .
two hands around his neck , thumbs on his adam 's apple .
` ` just an apple . ''
she opened the refrigerator and pulled out a yogurt and a couple of chocolate - chip cookies , then grabbed an apple on her way back out .
when he finished he changed into his work clothes , warmed some bread rolls from the day before , grabbed a couple of apples and washed his breakfast down with two cups of coffee .
the cups and plates are plastic and the carafe is filled with apple juice , but rules are rules and she does n't seem to care .
across the top was written a single word : apple .
` ` just to say the word apple ? ''
when i taught him how to say ' apple , ' i pointed to a picture of an apple and kept repeating the word .
when i taught him how to say ' apple , ' i pointed to a picture of an apple and kept repeating the word .
i 'd point to a picture of an apple and say , ' what is this ? '
i 'd say , ' no , say , ` ` it 's an apple , '' ' and kyle would answer , ' no , say , ` ` it 's an apple . ''
i 'd say , ' no , say , ` ` it 's an apple , '' ' and kyle would answer , ' no , say , ` ` it 's an apple . ''
an apple pie was in the oven , and she took it out , setting it on the counter to cool .
` ` hey , let 's put an apple on your head and i 'll try to shoot it off , '' he finally suggested .
` ` i have a better idea , '' i said , ` ` let 's put the apple on your head . ''
then , drawing on all the literature i 'd read in the previous year , i buckled ryan into a chair , opened a picturebook , and pointed to a picture of an apple while i held a tiny piece of candy out as a reward .
i said the word aloud : apple .
and i 'd take his hands , hold them against the table so he could n't hurt himself , and say : apple .
it would take months and months of effort to finally make him understand that the word apple meant something .
need beckoned and tempted like satan offering the apple to eve .
he was even more powerful nak*d , as if he belonged in the garden of eden and had never taken a bite of the apple .
they raised cattle and owned the most profitable apple orchard on the island .
she closed her eyes ... and remembered a cold , crisp october day that smelled of ripening apples and dying black leaves .
she could n't help wondering if there were still places where grass grew up to a young girl 's knees and apple trees blossomed by the side of the road , where wild brown rabbits came out beneath a full moon and munched their way through summer gardens .
both had become successful apple and sheep farmers .
golden pastures studded with apple trees rushed past them .
` ` i hope the apple did n't fall too far from the tree . ''
not only were they more wrinkled than an old , withered apple but they were also completely drab .
` ` john was the apple of our father 's eye , you see .
` ` those ladies are nothing but trouble - apples from the forbidden tree , so to speak .
crouching down and opening the basket , william then pulled out some ham and cheese , two rolls of bread , a small bowl filled with slices of apples and pears , a couple of scones , and finally a bottle of red wine .
after last night 's ... '' she realized too late that she 'd just offered him the perfect opening for the conversation that she felt certain they were about to have and returned her attention to piling ham , cheese , and apple slices onto her plate - anything to keep her hands from fidgeting .
lying back on her elbows , lucy stretched her legs out in front of her and nibbled on her apple slices while she quietly watched him - his tall frame so handsomely clad in a snug pair of caramel - colored breeches and a dark green , tight - fitting jacket .
always do right with miss sweet apple pie .
fuck miss apple pie .
lyric hated apple pie anyway .
his adam 's apple worked up and down .
he nodded , his adam 's apple bobbing as he swallowed .
` ` these are apple pips .
` ` cheese , bread and an apple - to break your fast as we ride , '' he announced .
the maid had managed to find cheese , bread and apple .
` ` paen usedan apple to lure it out yesterday , '' avelyn saidas she paused beside lady helen .
` ` i did try an apple , but she does n't appear to be interested , '' diamanda announced .
pullingan apple from her skirt , she held it before the pig , but the trick wasn'tworking thistime .
` ` the apple , thepatonthe rump , andthe ' good , ' '' lady gerville saidimpatiently .
he'dneverhad a wife before , and when he needed to praise his horse or hissquire , it was with a ` ` good '' or ` ` well done '' for theboy , and an apple anda pat on therumpfor the horse .
lady gervillehad toldher all about paen 's explaining thatthe rump patting and the handingover of an apple had beenhis ways of praising her .
he was the apple of his father 's eye .
seeing as the apple do n't fall far from the tree . ''
marilyn 's parents , the bennetts , grew apples , peaches , grapes , and blueberries in a massive orchard on the outskirts of town , and after he finished his residency , david bonner moved to his wife 's hometown and opened his own practice .
dawson left , but later that night he returned to the farmhouse and studied the decaying structure ; he walked the rows of peach and apple trees .
every day after school cassie found her grandmother in the kitchen , cooking oceans of applesauce to jar , until the whole house smelled of hot apple pulp and cinnamon and spices .
and there were apples : winesaps , greenings , macintoshes .
` ` apples for love and death , '' diana said .
` ` i know an apple spell , '' laurel was saying to the group .
` ` you peel an apple in one long spiral , then throw the peel over your shoulder , and if it does n't break , it forms the initial of your true love . ''
cassie had been deliberately breaking her apple peels ; the whole fortune - telling thing made her uneasy .
they took cottage cheese and cold chicken breasts ; cereal and microwave brownies and grapes and pippin apples .
she sat down on a footstool with a bowl of cottage cheese and chopped apple .
` ` if ye look under that cloth on the table , you 'll find one of those apple tarts you 're so fond of . ''
` ` an apple tart ? ''
` ` christ , ilysa , ye think an apple tart will appease me ! ''
` ` let 's hope the apple has fallen far from the tree , '' she said .
her mouth watered in anticipation of sampling the crisp bacon , maple sausage , vegetable - filled mini omelets and silver - dollar pancakes topped with cinnamon apples .
and fall is a good time to use things you harvest , like apples .
so i 'd do an apple spell .
in one , you take an apple and split it .
then put them inside the apple and close it up again .
the candy store had metal shutters rolled down over its windows and the tiny lights around the signs advertising homemade fudge and caramel apples were off .
he sliced an apple and handed a piece to her .
his knife slowed along the apple .
he sliced piece after piece from the apple until only the core remained .
chuckling , he pitched the apple core in the trash .
he selected an apple from her wicker fruit bowl on the counter .
they were nearly nak*d . he had an apple .
he set aside his half - eaten apple .
before she could answer , he pitched his apple into the corner trash can .
` ` you taste like apples . ''
she 'd packed so carefully for this trip , choosing her most silky underwear , remembering to pack cologne , and her favorite apple lip gloss he 'd so intensely - deliciously - noted in the library .
she angled her head to meet his kiss , the taste of apples and the touch of her tongue familiar and far too exciting when they could be interrupted at any second .
a feverish - looking young man wearing glasses and a v - necked vest sweater over an apple green shirt asked carella if he was here for jenny .
she wondered if anyone was watching and listening beyond the smudged apple green wall .
apple pie and coffee were served , and after they finished eating , his dad stood , reaching for his jacket and car keys .
each one claimed a seat , waiting patiently as kelly filled plastic cups with apple juice and placed a large oatmeal raisin cookie on the plate at each setting .
an apple - green armchair covered in a watered - silk fabric with a matching footstool was the perfect complement for a lavender - hued sofa dotted with light green sprigs .
` ` an apple martini ? ''
` ` yes , ryan , an apple martini .
a real martini is vodka or gin , not some sissy - tasting apple liqueur . ''
sean , standing between his grandfather and uncle , lifted his glass of apple juice .
sophia watched as luke opened the door to the stable and produced three apples from the sack he 'd been carrying .
she stepped back quickly , though horse - focused on luke and the apples - did n't appear to notice her .
` ` of course , '' he said , holding out the apple .
she was n't ready to touch his nose , but she ran her fingers gently behind the ears , watching as they tilted in pleasure , even as the horse continued to chomp on the apple .
she fed demon an apple , already feeling the first twinges of soreness in her legs but not caring in the slightest .
they made it back to the cabin an hour before sundown and brushed down the horses before feeding each of them some apples along with their regular feed .
but she jabbed a slice of stewed apple all the same .
` ` see to it that the kitchen work does not suffer , '' the dowager said , finishing the last of her stewed apples .
so he picked up an apple .
he opened his mouth to speak , then decided not to , then brought the apple to his mouth .
his fingers tightened around the apple .
` ` would you like me to slice that apple for you ? ''
she was n't looking at him ; she gave every sign of giving her complete focus to the apple and knife in her hands .
she looked down at the apple slices , now neatly arranged on a plate .
he finally took one of the apple pieces and bit into it .
handily , she sliced an apple , arranged the pieces on a plate while she spoke .
she chose an apple slice , took a stingy bite .
when gage stepped in , she plucked an apple from the bowl , cut it neatly in quarters , then offered him one .
after getting a plate , she quartered a second apple , added a few sprigs of grapes .
taking one of the apple slices , she leaned back against the counter , and took a tiny bite .
she took another , and this time angry , bite out of the apple .
she let out a breath , then nibbled on the apple again as the kettle began to sputter .
who 'd bought the apples , the oranges in the bowl ?
he removed the serving dish 's lid revealing mushroom omelets , canadian bacon and baked apples .
in trying to crush you i almost destroyed the person who meant the world to me , my baby girl , the spitting image of my mary elizabeth and the apple of her mother 's eye .
shawn grabbed an orange from her fruit bowl and tossed it in the air , juggling it with an apple and doing a poor job .
i ' ve got hot apple cider and popcorn popping in the microwave . ''
she had her menu set for this all - important dinner : roast turkey with a traditional stuffing , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh green beans with butter and sliced almonds , two different salads and three kinds of pie , apple , pumpkin and pecan .
she described each one , highlighting the fine qualities of the apple , pumpkin and pecan fillings .
besides , she had to agree - the apples were unevenly sliced .
a quavery voice asked , and cassie looked at granny quincey , a tiny woman with a face like a dried apple .
the word conjured up an unpleasant image - a stooped , wrinkled figure holding up a poisoned apple .
not a poisoned apple , then , she thought .
` ` and you came through , '' deborah said , taking a large bite out of an apple with the hand that was n't in a cast .
` ` i ' m not really supposed to drink , because i ' m on medications and - ` ` ` ` beer , '' ronnie says , and then we are drinking beers on his deck as emily sits in her father 's lap and sucks on a bottle filled with watered - down apple juice .
` ` crawl like you have no legs and you have n't eaten for two weeks and there 's a single apple in the middle of the room and another man with no legs is also crawling toward the apple .
` ` crawl like you have no legs and you have n't eaten for two weeks and there 's a single apple in the middle of the room and another man with no legs is also crawling toward the apple .
you are so afraid you will not get to the apple before the other legless man !
he will not share the apple with - no , no , no .
when we arrive home , mom makes me sit in the family room while she cooks meat loaf and mashed potatoes and green beans and an apple pie .
i guess it 's true what they say - the apple does n't fall far from the tree . ''
he remembered that she had made an apple pie that was almost sinful , rich with butter and cinnamon .
he remembered that emmeline had baked a lot of apple pies .
` ` hey , is this apple juice ? ''
when she knew she could handle the windy city , she would think about the big apple .
she could choose between a bowl of raisin bran and an apple with peanut butter .
she picked the apple .
the bus let her off at the corner of apple way and cascade street .
the air smelled vaguely of apples .
he stuck his head inside the refrigerator and helped himself to an apple .
the apples had tumbled out , along with a box of cold cereal and a bottle of imported wine .
she turned around to get an apple from the refrigerator and stopped short of colliding with rich .
no sooner had jason and his father cleared the table than his mother brought out a deep - dish apple pie .
she bit into an apple as she tucked her feet beneath her on the sofa .
her roommate took another noisy bite of her apple .
` ` yup , '' julie answered , chewing on her apple .
` ` would you like another piece of apple pie ? ''
then she 'd topped off the meal with a huge slice of apple pie a la mode .
sometimes , when i ' m really busy at great bods , i 'll make do with an apple or something like that for lunch , but when i have the time to sit down , i like to eat .
the smell of pine trees , apple cinnamon , and cookies filled our house .
eating the sweets that blaire kept making and drinking the apple cider that she never let get low .
i managed to only forget only one thing and it was the apple butter for table three 's toast .
he swallowed , and in the shadowy room , i could see his adam 's apple bob in his throat .
jeremy picked up an apple from the bowl on the table and bit into it .
` ` too bad you ca n't starve him , '' jeremy said as he bit into his apple .
jeremy stopped chewing his apple as he looked up at his mother in disbelief .
jeremy dropped his apple and began running .
` ` a dream , '' zachary said as he bit into a piece of apple pie , then grinned at the look kathryn gave him .
i ' ve seen you bent over your desk and reaching for apples and asleep in your bed , and i ' ve never so much as laid a finger on you .
he 'd never been so ... heroic ... around a woman -- first , getting her a horse by promising to shovel its apples , then making a half - dozen trips for water at dawn when he could have been catching a few extra winks in bed .
straightening and willing her jagged emotions to disappear , isabel collected the cornbread and jar of stewed apples she 'd packed .
quinn wrapped a few more cookies in a napkin , pitched an apple into her nylon shoulder bag , which was already bulging -- cleaning cloths , candles , her cellular phone , pruning clippers -- and headed out the back .
in the refrigerator she found milk , several boxes of butter and eggs , some apples , oranges , and raisins .
he slid into the apple orchard and watched you two talk to alsneta .
the sword now lay on the floor amongst a basketful of apples that had been sitting on a chest beside him .
every time he picked up more than one , the first apple slid from his hand .
once all the apples had been gathered and returned to the basket , willa picked it up and stood .
` ` forget the apples .
today her boots were candy apple red .
` ` they wanted me to drink tea or apple juice -- '' he made it sound like hemlock ` ` -- but i talked them into letting me have coffee . ''
this time around , adam was offering the apple of temptation to eve , and she was smart enough to know better .
morgan watched in fascination as his adam 's apple bobbed in his tight - muscled throat .
a hint of apple in her cheek ... jack jolted awake .
he would have been white bread and apple pie - except for the big tattoo of a skull and crossbones on his biceps , his black eyeliner , and the bullring through his nose .
` ` i 'll throw in an apple crisp with brandy butter for dessert . ''
and most days until about two , she lived on crackers and apple juice .
and he could n't let himself think about how she 'd looked standing in the kitchen doorway wearing a nearly transparent tank top and running shorts , both in apple green .
` ` listen , grayson , '' he says , and i walk up to him , and grab a fistful of his polo , and i ' m up on my tiptoes , and my eyes are about at his adam 's apple , and i say , ` ` of all the miserable things you ' ve ever done , you cocksucker . ''
without answering , i walk over to the breakfast bar , take an apple , and bite into it .
reaching over the counter , he picks up an apple and plays with it .
nox breaks it by crunching into his apple .
chewing his apple , he turns his bored expression over to me and i say softly , ` ` you could be nicer to me , ya know ? ''
i want to throw that apple across the room .
when he finally comes down dressed in his work - out pants sans tank or tee , i watch nox as he eats his apple .
finishing his apple with a smile and a shake of his head , he holds the core and walks pastme to throw it in the trash .
the apples of her cheeks flush pink .
he was still the face of the belye nochi orchard , the man who had pioneered golden delicious apples in the early sixties , granny smiths in the seventies , and championed the braeburn and fuji in the nineties .
his designs for cold storage had revolutionized the business and helped make it possible to export the very best apples to world markets .
she 'd turned the old roadside apple stand into a gift shop that sold hundreds of locally made craft items , specialty foods , and belye nochi memorabilia .
` ` the golden delicious are not our best apple anymore . ''
without her father , meredith feared she would be like one of those dormant apple trees : bare , vulnerable , exposed .
for the whole of their lives he 'd been like one of the apple trees on this property .
only yesterday , jillie had been a pudgy girl with gaps in her teeth who could spend an entire afternoon staring at an apple bud , waiting for it to blossom .
acres of apple trees boasted bright flowers .
long ago , it had been a roadside fruit stand ; here , meredith had spent some of the best summers of her life , selling their ripe , perfect apples to tourists .
in the last bit of copper - colored evening light , the apple blossoms glowed with a beautiful opalescence that gave the valley an otherworldly look .
meatball soup , chicken stew with dumplings , pierogies , lamb and vegetable moussaka , pork chops braised in apple wine , potato pancakes , red pepper paprikash , chicken kiev , stroganoff , strudels , hamand - cheese rolls , homemade noodles , and dozens of savory breads .
in this month that was a pause between spring and summer , the first tiny apples were out on the trees .
the apple trees seemed to be dancing ; millions of green leaves and white blossoms shimmied in the light .
a cool breeze came through the open french doors , brushing her cheek , bringing with it the scent of apples .
they stood there , the three of them , laughing together in the middle of the winter garden , with the apple trees all around them , and it was the best tribute to him they could have made .
` ` i love you , dad , '' she whispered as a single apple blossom floated on the breeze and landed at her feet .
she 'd spent the last decade considering what she would make for dinner , where the girls should go to school , how to package apples for the foreign markets .
you know how the apple biz gets this time of year . ''
by seven o'clock , she was out in the orchard and walking the rows with her foreman , checking on the new fruit 's early progress , noting frost damage , and assessing the workers ' careful hand - wrapping of the apples , and by ten she was at her desk , reading crop projections .
the idea of that was like a budding apple ; it flowered , grew , and gained mass .
women headed toward the shed , where they would pack apples from cold storage for shipment around the world ; in a few months , nina knew , they 'd be busy sorting the harvest by quality .
all up and down the rows , workers in faded jeans , most with jet - black hair , climbed up and down ladders beneath the branches , carefully hand - wrapping the fledgling apples to protect them from bugs and the elements .
by the time the apple and walnut strudel showed up , everyone said they were too full .
hammer 's favorite , apple spice muffins , sat on the table behind her .
` ` apples and oranges .
elise leaned forward and her mouth went to his neck , kissing at the adam 's apple that bobbed and swallowed with every roll of her hips .
steve better not eat any apples today .
the incongruity has been long pointed out to her , like explaining that driving seventeen miles to go to a different grocery store to save $ 1.70 on apples is n't worth it .
his adam 's apple bobs as he swallows , and his stiff muscles radiate mixed signals .
he drained the whole glass , his adam 's apple bobbling , like he 'd walked miles through the desert .
sophie asked , grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter .
so she worked on the roof , checking the winterizing on the community garden she 'd started a couple of years ago.kneeling , she tucked the plastic tighter along the edges of the rooftop planter while roaring engines and horns announced that the big apple was waking up .
` ` but to pinch through the adam 's apple ... '' she crossed to his other side , a full - out attack on his senses .
as deliberately as eve taking a bite from the apple , she nipped a section of the packed ice free , swirling her tongue out to catch the crumbling flakes .
jayne jabbed at the bits of apple in her salad .
what she ate - cereal , an apple and not much else , because she wanted to keep fitting into those jeans .
he draped his wrist over the steering wheel , guiding the finely tuned machine along the curving two - lane road past an apple orchard .
or to huber farms in starlight , indiana , right when they started pressing the apples for cider , when the air was cold and brisk and redolent of autumn .
he was happy just being the apple of ava 's eye .
` ` them '' being not the american public , which actually connoted a rather warm , comfortable gathering of moms , baseball players , and grandmas holding apple pies , a fate that would n't be without its merits , actually .
their server returned then with a massive wheel of baked brie surrounded by slices of apple and pear and a small bunch of grapes and accompanied by a big basket of baguettes and brioches .
` ` yeah , '' he said , reaching for a slice of apple to dip in the soft , fragrant cheese .
the mid - october wind was cool and crisp , already hinting at the winter to come , redolent of apples and drying leaves .
with bits of bruised , rotting apple matted in her fur .
the computer was a late - model apple with a flat screen , salsa music emanating at a low volume from its two small speakers .
she blushed as praise was heaped on her apple pies .
with some help from muriel in retrieving things , liz had prepared tarragon chicken salad sandwiches on french baguettes , mesclun and tomato salad with vinaigrette , and apple cobbler for dessert .
` ` the apple usually does n't fall far from the tree . ''
the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
making a note to herself that those apple martinis were potent stuff , she finally opened her eyes and looked around .
she was like eve being tempted by the apple , tamara thought .
it was much colder in the big apple than back home .
it 's sunny , there are people everywhere , and i ' m in the big fat apple for the first time in my life .
` ` we 'll all have a round of tequila shots followed by apple martinis .
how could the apple have fallen so far from the tree ?
` ` i know of a beautiful four - bedroom home that overlooks the lake and has deer who are unafraid to come and take an apple right from your hand . ''
it was a hot apple cider , and she took a long sip , the warm liquid instantly starting to thaw out her frigid body .
` ` just a couple of sodas and apples . ''
mike 's adam 's apple jerked furiously like a buoy caught in the middle of the pacific in a hundred - year storm .