sighing , liam ducked a low hanging apple branch and went deep into the woods to follow the eager dog .
` ` out of sight of the house , '' he replied dryly , stopping beneath the branches of an apple tree covered with blossoms .
her eyes widened in panic as she stared at some brilliantly green granny smith apples .
smoothing my hands over what i was sure was a tangled mess of hair , i started to pace between a potted apple tree and something that resembled a lilac bush that had n't bloomed .
heart pounding , lilly waited until her mother tugged the tall door open , then she jogged after her , breaking a spiderweb as she ran under the apple trees .
apple trees are n't very tall ; i may not be able to see far enough .
the apple trees were gone - the fog and the cool and the scent of the orchard fading with it .
they 'd been in primary school together , yes , but while cassie ruled the year - five cliques from her prized seat under the apple tree , alice had been staying in at lunch , reading in the book corner .
sitting there , she could look out over the magnificent sculptured gardens of the estate , four square acres of flower beds set off by blooming apple , cherry and pear trees as well as majestic maples , oaks and willows .
in fact , as blay recalled that tenderness , he burst up from where he 'd been sitting and marched around the apple tree - as if he had somewhere to go .
mason did not answer the question , possibly because he was turning the truck into the long , narrow lane that cut through the old apple orchard to sara 's cozy house .
she paused before an old crab apple tree , and inside the car peter sighed .
heven the sweet scent of apples filled the cool air as it rustled through the leaves of the apple trees .
i skidded to a stop before the apple tree , watching as angry red and yellow flames consumed the twisting branches .
in this divot , a single apple tree grew , its twisting limbs stretching into the sky , reaching out like gnarled fingers trying to grasp its prey .
i sank down beneath an apple tree and stared up at the sky .
before i knew it , he was beneath the apple tree next to me , and the breeze from the trees was brushing against my fevered skin .
after a minute or two , piper took a turnoff and started driving down between two rows of apple trees .
the branches of the apple trees stretched out towards her as she sat on her truck , on tucker land .
piper stared at the inky sky through the branches of the apple trees , stars burning as intensely as her passion as brady stroked over her with his tongue .
four weeks later ... godric watched as a small bird with a bright orange breast hopped along a branch and disappeared into a hole in the apple tree .
the boy scrambled to the top of the wall and then onto the big crab - apple branch that lay just over it .
american militia , by his hunting shirt and homespun breeches , lying curled among the gnarled roots of a big apple tree .
mitch 's hungry gaze was trained off the porch and far down the hillside where a grove of apple trees stood .
idunns apples sounded vaguely familiar .
the bottom line is we do nt know what she s got , but idunns apples fits with what little we do know .
kat followed the tunnel to a ladder with bloodlust fueling her manic dash , and she climbed to the surface where a manhole opened into a group of apple trees .
there were branches dripping with honeysuckle and crab apple blossoms .
it 's still too cold , but in a month we 'll plant some apple seedlings we traded the farm for .
they tentatively rose and straightened their spineless backs to stand arrogant and tall over the big apples skyscrapers .
he still remembered the old farm out in the hills of new york , where the daughter betty and he had snuck out into the apple trees to steal a few kisses and some quiet time together .
i leaned against an apple tree , carefully fitting myself between two low - growing branches .
i relaxed against the apple tree trunk and pulled up an index of the kind of information i 'd need to survive .
when i was sure he was gone , i slipped into a store and pulled a lightweight mattress , a pillow and a blanket from the shelves and then dragged them into the apple orchard .
i did n't stop shaking until i was safely surrounded by the cherry bushes and apple trees that folded themselves around me and hid me from the world .
` ` they are n't flowers , they are cuttings from the apple orchard and a few other places nearby . ''
i missed the way his eyes smiled at small children playing while his mouth held a serious line , the way he touched the apple trees in the orchard , lightly , seeing them for the first time in his life as living , breathing individuals .
i kept running and the trees and bushes parted as we went until we were sitting on faux dirt and leaning against a couple of dwarf apple trees .
the tattooed vandal slaughtered everything above ground level : rose bushes , pergolas , walnut , apple and cherry trees .
rolling downs , hedges , apple trees .
it wove seamlessly with nightingales trilling greetings to one another in the apple tree , the velvety drone of sable and gold bees humming from flower to flower , and the whisper of the salted breeze sweeping in from the sea .
she held his hand as they walked through a dew - fresh morning beneath burgeoning apple trees .
he turned his memory to a moment when he watched bees and people at their labors in the apple orchards .
so i thought about hornet 's nests , and instantly felt certain that there were thirty - two of them spread around the hundred and fifty or so acres of the island , and that they were especially thick near the grove of apple trees on the island 's northern side .
something up there , all right , a bright something amid the scrabble of untended apple trees .
this toy grove was nothing like the great apple orchards of new canaan ... except somehow it was .
the graveyard proper ended at the bottom of the hill , beneath the old apple tree , with a fence of rust - brown iron railings , each topped with a small , rusting spearhead , but there was a wasteland beyond that , a mass of nettles and weeds , of brambles and autumnal rubbish , and bod , who was a good boy , on the whole , and obedient , did not push between the railings , but he went down there and looked through .
above him hung an old apple tree , gnarled and heavy .
' apple trees always seem to get carried away in the spring , ' he explained .
later they passed through a burned village , threading their way carefully between the shells of blackened hovels and past the bones of a dozen dead men hanging from a row of apple trees .
sliding in and amongst oaks and apple trees with her net and spear in hand , she startled three red deer and sent them bounding away through the brush .
it had never been much of an inn , to look at it , but now all that remained was a stone chimney and two cracked walls , set amongst a dozen apple trees .
the wolf went wide around him , behind a dripping thornbush and beneath the bare branches of an apple tree .
they passed the last of the apple trees and crested a rise , and the castles , river , and camps all appeared at once .
narbert led them along a pebbled path and through a grove of apple trees to a whitewashed stable with a peaked thatch roof .
ill be fast as a breeze jack said , and ran to the nearest apple tree .
now watch this jack walked away to the nearest apple tree , and climbed up swiftly like a squirrel .
apple trees ran around the pyramids foot encircled by brick curbs .
toby with everything going on i did nt get in too much trouble for dressing you up and taking you to the meeting , lizzi said as she steadied herself in a crook of an apple tree .
i watched as the bird flew up into a nest on an apple tree branch .
he urged his mount forward , past a grove of apple trees , and spotted the lit window of his destination through the darkness .
they d set up perimeter cameras in the overgrown cooking apple tree that was in the garden behind erics house , at either the end of the alleyway that ran down the side of erics house , and on the house next door .
out of habit , neb checked to make certain the heavy nets slung over the sweet - berry bushes and apple trees were securely raised on their props .
i could have probably made my way blindfolded to my place in the apple orchard ; i d been there so many times .
as we walked under the apple trees , my half - remembered dream from the night before tugged at the corners of my mind .
wolf was put in charge of the boys in the underbrush who immediately spread out , and burrowed deep into the undergrowth under the stunted apple trees .
giant , look towards that stand of apple trees and would you be so kind as to tell me what you see ? ''
i could smell the apple trees , even though they were froze on the other side .
i like your apple tree view .
driving up the dirt lane past the rows of apple trees jeff thinks of a man who recently died .
cutting behind a garden shed , they came to the end of the garden : an almost bare lawn , dominated by a gnarled apple tree .
what does this have to do with horse apples ?
to these carefully selected branches , he added white birch , representing what the lady knows , taking care to remember , too , the beneficial associations of elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
to these great timbers , he added carefully chosen woods such as birch , elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
we pulled out of town in the twilight , stopping the cordwainer amongst the apple trees for the night , and counted our money .
i was twelve years old and sitting comfortably in the cool shade of a rose - apple tree .
acres and acres of flowering apple , peach , pear and plum trees spread across gently rolling land .
the big horse aaron had ridden to chase down the surrey obliviously chewed grass between a row of apple trees .
ten years later he had seven apps on the top hundred apple iphone apps list , and it was widely believed that apple had incorporated one of his rejected apps into the architecture of the new iphone 4 .
microsoft in america begged us to produce software for them , and our most profitable break came in the early 2000s when every company from samsung and nokia to apple negotiated with our shadow companies to build their new and advanced cell phones .
the worst fire was reported in a new cupertino suburb , where apple is headquartered , but not close enough to the headquarters to be a concern .
the books are available through digital retailers such as amazon , apple , barnes & noble , b & t , kobo books , smashwords , and sony .
in the weeks leading up to the acquisition of 2bird the iacobi investment group stock price has surged and is now the fifth most valued company in the world behind walmart , apple , shell and exxon .
he saw endless rows of apple trees .
to test the digital publishing waters , he authored two e - books : impetus for growth and realty reality , which are available on amazon , apple ibookstore , barnes & noble nook store , diesel ebook store , kobo , sony reader store and smashwords .
the ancient orchard occupied a massive piece of property with apple trees spreading out as far as the eye could see .
i ve already planted crab apple trees , and you and i are going to spend our days making the nil even better .
they hammered into the mountains of slovenia where the apple trees and the chalets were almost austrian .
i am talking to a stone wall they had been dropped off in a peaceful valley rich with orchards of apple , pear , and fig trees .
bent and silent , they trotted across a newly planted field , where jon 's bruised body ached from running on such soft soil , then through a shadowy orchard of ripening apple trees , where the firmer soil helped him recover .
he saw telltale signs : the trunk of the old apple tree was too thick where someone stood behind it , watching .
peter cut the motor and coasted the car off the road into a grove of old apple trees .
i made my way through the bare , spindly apple trees , then was out in the open , painfully aware of the mansion to my right , where i imagined faces at every window : edith , betty , mother and father all staring out and seeing me out of my room and running amok in the grounds .
i was used to climbing , whether it was over the mansion 's wrought - iron gate or up apple trees in becky 's backyard .
in sleep , he dreamed that the field adjacent to the lodge in scotland had been planted with an orchard of apple trees .
bowe had found that to the naked eye , the property had a proud - looking mansion surrounded by laden apple trees with shockingly green leaves .
past them , a ring of colonnades carved of pure white stone guarded a narrow apple sapling .
sean flew out of the house like a fleck of dust caught in the current of a fan and smashed into an apple tree forty feet away .
the grass under the apple tree was empty .
had i known that a mangy dog would get in my way , i would ' ve made sure to mark higher on the apple trees . ''
tiearan stared at the apple tree branches , sliced expertly and placed carefully to spell out the words .
spelled out in apple tree branches across a clear space of ground were the words , a child is not a bargaining token .
i found him walking among the apple trees , putting his hands on this trunk or that .
i plunged my head into the tub , snapping my teeth at apples .
rolling fields spread out before us , teeming with flowers and thick grass , but rising out of the dirt , planted in rigidly straight lines marching to the horizon , were hundreds upon hundreds of apple trees .
below us are apple orchards , rows upon rows of beautiful trees .
thankfully , it was a nice day so we ate out on the back porch , which was much more like a terrace that looked out on the apple trees .
the boy told us it would be a good idea to buy shares in apple , whatever that may be .
there was a girl her name was apple .
he trotted up the hill and lay down beneath the old apple tree , gnawing on the ball .
still in his bloodied apron , quinn crosses under the trellis that leads from the kitchen garden down to the crab apple orchard .
the journey had taken the remainder of the day , but finally essix had landed in the branches of a thick apple tree , and seemed to announce with a churr that they were close .
it took a little convincing that the group would n't need his protection on the way back - tarik was clearly not yet at full strength - but rollan 's enthusiastic and animated retelling of the battle in the apple orchard reminded the older greencloaks that the four fallen had learned a lot on this trip .
a gnarled apple tree hung heavy boughs over a bench where a human lass sat shelling peas , and a dozen hens scratched in a sunny dooryard where another lass tossed out handfuls of grain .
she did n't see him climb the apple tree , so she was as surprised as the cat when he - or rather , his phantasm - suddenly dropped from its branches to land right before the cat 's nose .
henrik parked the motorbike under an overgrown apple tree and buried it in branches and leaves .
completely hidden in the woods was a small clearing with an apple tree and a clean running stream ; teaming with fish .
apple tree cottage was as cute and pretty as its name , small with whitewashed walls and a brick path winding its way through a garden stuffed with roses , forget - me - knots , violas , petunias , and every kind of colourful flower that makes up a classic english cottage garden .
just as we reached the little gate to the lane , tara told him how much she admired the old apple trees around his garden .
the mist hangs around the ankles of apple trees , just above the reach of dew - drunk grass , and slowly moves in the direction the cool , morning breeze suggests .
the rushing and burbling of the water in the creek grew louder as he moved between the lines of gnarly old apple and pear trees .
ugly old thing stuck in between the apple trees .
unable to control its flight , the creature crashed into the grove of apple trees where sharp branches tore its flesh and the wizards rich red blood showered the green fruit .
other books by leon mare - available as e - books from amazon kindle , apple , sony , smashwords , diesel , kobo , barnes & noble and others .
we can plant apple trees , hazelnut bushes , walnut , acorns ... she stopped , her breath taken away by the largeness of what she was proposing .
tom looked out over the garden , his gaze taking in many of the places he knew so well , the apple grove where he had spent summer days , the old pond where he had thrown stones at his reflection , watching the ripples with childish fascination .
at last he reached the very top of the apple tree and sat down on a large forked branch .
a vibrant array of flowers skirted lush lawns ; apple trees , bursting with pink and white blossoms , shaded many of the cobbled streets and pathways .
oh noth -- echos sentence cut short as she turned toward her brother , then looked past his shoulder to one of the apple trees at the edge of the street .
he had looked at the remnants of the carefully maintained grove of apple trees that had been established at one end of the wilmont green .
there was music in those apple trees : the wind played without pause on the leaves and they rustled , chipped and sang all day and all night .
the men could not put it out and by morning nothing was left of the apple trees except charred stumps .
the kings table amandie was nt surprised to find lady erin near the side door of the palace , patiently waiting for her in the shadows near the treesordinary apple treesas though she had expected amandie to come out .
the food is plenty still and people have picked some on the way from apple trees and other fruit bearing vegetation so we do not have to fear for food supplies at least not for the near future .
she panted as she took a leap at the apple tree .
he hurried off east into a little thicket with a few patches of apple trees .
sprinting past the small cedar shed raymond used to dry fish , he grabbed a baseball bat and jogged between the grove of apple trees .
while the soup simmered , they sat together beneath a flowering apple tree , smiling , silent , breathing deeply of the breeze .
not exactly that , but- ' oh , you mean that they ' ve chased down some poor beast and shot arrows up into their apple trees and now the shadows are going to go away ? '
there were apple trees around it , but the trees , the trees did n't look right .
esk was perched in the fork of the apple tree , an expression of dreamy contemplation on her face .
apple trees crowded in around it .
mort worked steadily through the sixteenths , eighths , quarters and thirds , wheeling the barrow out through the yard to the heap by the apple tree .
his mother went back into the bakery , grumbling , but he must have been watching me as i made my way behind the pen that held their pig and leaned against the far side of an old apple tree .
the wind was rising and falling , making the apple trees sway back and forth .
turning , he offered me his arm again and led me off into one of the garden 's winding turns , into a dense apple orchard .
the graveyard proper ended at the bottom of the west side of the hill , beneath the old apple tree , with a fence of rust - brown iron railings , each topped with a small , rusting spearhead , but there was a wasteland beyond that , a mass of nettles and weeds , of brambles and autumnal rubbish , and bod , who was , on the whole , obedient , did not push between the railings , but he went down there and looked through .
it passed around the base of the mountain , then through a large orchard of apple trees , lit by early - afternoon sunlight .
apple trees did n't blossom twice .
` ` what else bloody grows on apple trees !
* * * with the coming of april and his thoughts filled with images of apple trees in bloom and golden finches alighting on the fence rails , dan felt well enough to entertain an easter morning discussion with mr . neebe on the commonality between the irish nationalists and the anarchist movement .
i fly through the small wheat field to the apple trees on the other side , searching for the tallest and most gnarly tree at the end of the meadow where we always meet .
moonlight filtered once more through the apple trees , breached an opening among the leaves , and revealed her features in milky perfection .
moonlight through the leaves of the apple tree once more dappled his face .
the light was very dim through the leafy apple trees .
she took a small , overgrown path that was sheltered from the icy wind by a row of scrabbling crab apple trees .
chapter thirty - three the picnic sitting under an apple tree high up on the mountainside luke and catherine can see the farm down below ; the wind rustles softly through the golden russets leaves .
the slate tiles on the sloping roof were just visible between the apple trees .
its tomorrow at the hillwood funeral home in apple valley .
a hundred yards of apple trees separated it from the deeper forest .
in a private little clearing , they built a pyre out of apple twigs , branches and a large amount of the cauldrons woodpile .
michael linked his hands behind his back and waited - in the apple trees , the crackling heat of the pyre and the distant singing of the fellowship - for abraham to leave .
toward that , marabbas stalked through the apple trees .
in silence they landed , and pushed through the blossom and scented herbage and undergrowth that led up to the level ground , till they stood on a little lawn of a marvelous green , set round with natures own orchard trees crab apple , wild cherry , and sloe .
he 'd been gulled that day , dreaming of apple trees , awash in sepia tones ; the future laid out for him like a picnic , with himself seated nearest the wine .
reaching the lower of the two stonewalls ringing its border , i downshifted and navigated a series of hay - infested muddy swales until reaching the dry land marking the start of the apple orchard .
parallel to the driveway below and overlooking the backyard and gardens of the manor through the gaps in the apple trees , i ushered the hodaka along the edge of the pathway dutifully mowed each week .
in 2010 , they decoded the apple genome , which led to new understandings of disease control and selective breeding in apple production .
different room , same chaosknowing he is about to drink tea that has just been prepared on this unhygienic bombsite , arnold merely shakes his head in disbelief and makes his way towards the company of the reverend colin who has settled nicely at a bench underneath the overhanging apple tree .
superkid was held in the clutches of a stunted apple tree that appeared to have uprooted itself and walked on two club feet formed by its roots clumping together .
that and the passing mutated flora were taking too much interest in the running apple tree -- they might decide to follow its lead and develop motor appendages .
they got in and backed out of the driveway , and then slowly rolled down apple creek drive towards booker street .
well , i parked my bike at the community centre on apple creek drive .
i can picture it , suddenly : a small , comfortable house with apple trees and a vegetable garden that grows our food .
instead of the little driveway leading to a big old farmhouse with wildflowers and apple trees , there s a condo .
instead , i stayed on a forested pathway edged with a grove of apple trees on either side .
for the party , wooden tables were pulled out onto the sparse yellowing grass under the apple trees , and the barbecue , a little rickety on its wheels , the paint - work rusty from salt air , lit and left to smoulder so that the coal would be just right for cooking later on .
sitting here , under the apple trees , in one of my summer dresses , with dominiques turquoise sandals on my feet , sipping wine , red wine that pulls at your mouth and white that slips down so effortlessly , i feel almost young , almost pretty as if i were nt such a different woman from dominique who chats animatedly to my husband , bright as a butterfly in her summer colours .
as we left , turning around and lifting our arms in greeting to the shadowed figures of our hosts under the dark apple trees , stephen and i held hands , a couple , our feet crunching on the shale paths , our breathing audible and waving to that other couple , to dominique and jeremy who carried the small sleeping bundle of their child .
wassail ( not just the drink , but the cider drinking razzle dazzle , all to the health of yonder apple trees ) .
you can purchase the full e - book at most popular online retailers including amazon kindle , apple ibookstore , barnes & noble , diesel , flipkart , kobo , scribd , sony and many others .
finally , there seemed to be only one place left for them to find peace and privacy and tom took amanda into his tree house in the old apple tree and it was there , with the fading apple blossoms falling around them , that they first undressed one another .
as he was climbing back into the cab of his truck , mark noticed a tall , emaciated youth with a wispy beard and skullcap lingering near a crab apple tree on the front lawn .
but taking and showing off a bootleg photo would have violated the trust sterling had with the davis family and no doubt do irreparable damage to this trust , nothing near compensatory for the kudos he d received on the electronic forums for exposing apples next wonder .
fidgety again , she pushed away from the apple tree .
apple trees ?
i looked out at the apple tree and pondered digging up my moneybox before the ground froze .
the crab apple trees are blooming and you are within walking distance of one of the largest collections of flowering crab apple trees in the world .
the crab apple trees are blooming and you are within walking distance of one of the largest collections of flowering crab apple trees in the world .
i remembered that some horticulturist had collected hundreds of varieties of flowering crab apple trees and planted them in a park .
please , lets just go nicolas strolled down the path lined with the cherry and apple blossoms of spring , breathing in the fresh air and feeling rather foolish at his heart that seemed as light and breezy as the air blowing in from the thames and threatening to take flight .
he has worked with companies such as apple , coke , mcdonalds and wal - mart .
brees face lights up as we pass the apple trees that line the track either side of us .
we stroll hand in hand until we find a nice grassy spot under a shady apple tree .
she knew she 'd spent time climbing apple trees and plucking fruit from their branches .
a full moon rode high in the sky , turning the familiar shapes of lilac tree , rhododendrons , wisteria , apple tree and tall blue spruce into shadowy , mysterious forms .
by late afternoon , when the sun blazed its hottest , they 'd moved to the shade of a nearby apple tree .
i think google or apple should invent an app to put on cell phones so alarms go off when you ' ve been talking too much or embarrassing yourself .
and at the edge of the open area stood several aged apple trees , weary - looking and worn .
the grassy space looked the same , and the rock and the apple trees were the same , but not as large and significant as they were in her memory .
at the edge of the clearing , the old apple trees that had observed their chaste love in the past politely averted their gaze .
` ` under the apple tree where our hiking tourist says he was attacked . ''
mad dog was about sixty feet away from her , half - buried in the big apple tree .
at the last lonely apple tree , he stopped and peered around .
` ` you were destined to live on an apple farm . ''
moonlight streamed through the leafless limbs of a hundred skeletal apple trees , turning the snowy landscape into a powdery lake of crushed diamonds .
dozens of skeletal apple trees fanned out from the house , their bare limbs draped in elegant white .
on the other side of the arch , a serpent hung in looping coils from the branches of an apple tree , looking smugly amused .
they stopped briefly for father michael to fetch his stola , then walked out across the sheep field and into a small apple orchard , thick with scent and the humming of bees .
i mean , she named her cat after the guy who founded apple .
she looked at the blooming apple orchard , breathed in the scent of pink and white blossoms perfuming the air .
she could hear work crews in the orchard - spraying the apple trees , steffie guessed .
he galloped first along the dirt road , bordered on both sides by apple trees .
but i felt as though a friendship had been begun that ran a bit deeper than shared gossip under the apple trees .
she pulled her hand away as they stopped beneath an apple tree .
` ` great , '' i said , making myself comfortable against the apple tree .
a gravel road wound through acres of apple trees , their limbs propped up by slanted , graying stats of wood .
the saying was only that growing it in the garden was bad , so she planted it nearby , on the edge of a short row of apple trees .
hugh waited for the door to close , then took willa 's arm and marched her between the herb and vegetable gardens to the apple trees behind them .
his expression was pained , but he 'd grasped at two branches of the apple tree and was holding on as if caught in a stiff wind .
` ` as i walked around the side of the castle , i glanced back and saw gawain skulking on the edge of the apple trees .
dormant apple trees stretched as far as the eye could see , their sturdy roots coiled deep in the cold , fertile soil .
on either side of her , thousands of bare , spindly apple trees showed through the snow like brown stitches on white fabric .
through the french doors , she saw an expanse of snow - covered ground , with acres of dormant apple trees in the distance .
she would do today what she should have done decades ago - she 'd enlarge and frame a series of apple tree shots .
sunlight had left its indelible mark on the landscape : ice - blue water ran in gullies on either side of the roadways ; sparkling droplets fell from the wakening apple trees , creating lacy patterns in the last few patches of slushy snow .
she 'd always thought of this garden as solely her mother 's domain , but just now , with the apple trees blooming all around her , she felt her father 's presence as keenly as if he were sitting beside her .
it was a lovely little building set back from the highway and ringed by ancient , flowering apple trees .