she stopped at an area teaming with nurses .
she pointed out where the medicine room was , the trauma area , and where she would find the break room .
megan followed behind kristi as she went to poke her head in to the registration area .
chapter eleven brushing his hand across his sweaty brow , pesh leaned back against the glass door of the trauma area .
tugging on pesh 's hand , mason dragged him over to the toddler area of games .
she got them a couple of slices of mason 's favorite , pepperoni , along with some drinks and then made her way over to a table close to the toddler area .
after several tense moments , he was finally able to convince mason to leave the play area to come and eat .
then the two of them went back over to the play area .
they snaked around the tables in the dining area until they reached the exit .
as they neared the reception area , pesh dropped her hand to reach into his coat pocket .
the doctor returned to the closed off area with cleaning supplies and dharr took them , dismissing the man with a nod .
he slipped out of the curtained area , following the signs to the exit where he knew his limousine was waiting .
once the nurse explained that one of the burly men with dharr had paid her bill already , victoria glanced back to the curtained area , intending to wave her thanks .
jasmine said , excitedly dancing into the shared sitting area .
that meant there were two bedrooms on either side of a small sitting area and a tiny kitchen .
when he 'd heard the music coming from this area of the palace , he felt the tension drain away , to be replaced by the sexual need he felt whenever he was close to her .
but in one corner , in an area specially created for small beings to cook with low tables and smaller measuring cups , tiny refrigerators and safety blenders , sat his brother 's children as well as his two year old son .
he was much taller than she 'd originally have guessed and in the brighter light of the valet area , she could see that his eyes were genuinely a light grey and were n't a factor from the dim lighting of the restaurant .
both of them were studying , relaxed on the battered sofa and chair that made up their den area .
when she saw the tall man in the dark suit standing in her kitchen , the only other area besides the den and the two bedrooms which were on opposite sides of the den , siri jumped up , dumping her books and notes all over the orange , shag carpet .
he was standing in the office area high above the warehouse but he could see down from the window that looked into the vast warehouse space .
siri asked as she walked out of the preschool area .
she focused all of her attention on the laundry area , pretending to be fascinated by all the cabinets in that area .
she focused all of her attention on the laundry area , pretending to be fascinated by all the cabinets in that area .
jacob and samuel loved all the open space , the new play area they had in a small , fenced in area of the back yard and the play room filled with new toys and different games to play .
the result was a mural of a jungle scene on one wall , a desert on another and a loft type sleeping area with a ` ` hideout '' below where they loved to hide from their mother .
the master bedroom had been the second area to be tackled and the decorator done an outstanding job of creating an elegant , but sumptuous room with masculine colors and feminine touches .
lots of drawers , a wide area for her computer and monitor not to mention a state of the art sound system that allowed her to play whatever music suited her mood .
it had never felt this tiny before but rais was so large , he actually had to duck between the kitchen doorway leading to the den area so he did n't bump his head .
` ` that would be silly , '' she said , hoping he could n't see her cheeks flame up in color with the dimmer light in the cottage 's den area .
it was a dirty job , but the horses needed a clean area in which they could sleep and stay warm at night so mucking out the stalls just had to be done .
rachel looked over at lenora , the sweet and friendly receptionist who guarded the lobby area with sugar coated words , helping the clients with coffee and tea , ensuring that everyone felt like they were the company 's number one client from the moment they walked in the door .
rachel was halfway through the lobby area when she did a double take at lenora 's words .
the lobby area was done in shades of white and cream colors with fresh flowers brought in every week in various shades depending on the season .
` ` go on in , '' debra said as soon as rachel stuck her head into the private area where derrick 's office was located .
the whole floor was done in shades of white and cream and this area was no exception .
you know how derrick prefers his reception area to look nice and tidy . ''
it was her job to get deliveries out of the reception area quickly so the white lines and punches of color were undisturbed by extraneous trash .
she felt weird because normally she would have stopped by the lobby to get her mail but she 'd avoided that area today , preferring to just hibernate in her apartment , wanting that odd feeling to go away .
there had been one bedroom , a closet - sized den area that had barely been able to hold a sofa , on which her mother had slept each night .
the employee locker rooms were air conditioned , but not nearly as efficiently as the main areas of the hotel so she rushed through her check in process so she could get to the front desk and cool off a few moments before she needed to present herself to the guests .
ella looked at the front desk area , then towards mr . tillsdale 's office .
before she turned the corner in the employee area , he signaled to one of his guards , silently indicating that he should follow her .
taking a deep breath , she pushed away from him and walked over to the small breakfast bar that separated her galley kitchen from the den area of her apartment .
she went directly to the beautifully polished table in the main area of the penthouse where a full breakfast was already laid out .
the flight was quiet since she and max sat in one of the leather chairs in a private area of the plane .
she 'd simply turned around and left the area , feeling like a naughty dog running away with its tail between its legs .
he asked abruptly , walking ahead of her toward an open area that contained a table laid with white linen and candles along with a bar to one side .
he stated , moving to a seating area away from his desk that contained two large , brown , leather chairs and an enormous brown , leather sofa .
she was just turning back to her cooking area when she spotted him sticking his finger into the frosting .
there was a cleaning service that came through the office areas and cleaned up all the plates , coffee cups and emptied the trash so she did n't care about that .
he led her through the dining area to a very comfortable living room with an elaborate chess set in one corner .
he met her in the breakfast area and his eyes sharpened when he took in her body scantily clad in the red bikini so early in the morning .
` ` what was he doing in that area of the palace ? ''
` ` relax , '' kalil said and pressed a button that separated the driver 's area from the passenger seating .
as soon as she boarded , the area quieted .
she walked into the long office area of the palace where alea had said kalil was working and they would have breakfast .
the horses were all housed in immaculate stalls with brass name plates and there were trainers or other workers busily moving about the area .
this was the kitchen area .
now as she stared out at the night through the flap in the truck 's empty cargo area , she wondered if she could really be so lucky as to get away this quickly .
sure enough , the truck bounced over the security area of the outer gate moments later .
` ` come , you must try on the dresses quickly so we can make the final touches , '' she said and waved dani into an enclosed area .
if she were very lucky , she could stay in the luxurious area until all the announcements were finished .
he pulled her closer as they spun around the dance area one more time .
she tried to come up with a logical reason why they would be out here together and then entering the breakfast area together but her mind came up blank .
she waved her hand toward an elegant sitting area right outside a set of double doors .
one eyebrow raised in question , ` ` i ' m sure you have something to say to me but perhaps it would be more appropriately discussed in my office versus here in the reception area ? ''
she wandered over to a comfortable looking sitting area complete with a sofa and two overstuffed chairs surrounding a plasma screen television .
there was a large conference area in the back where the men moved off to sit .
standing naked in the pool area , wet and suddenly hot for his hands , his touch , was a deliciously naughty feeling .
but when he 'd walked into the pool area , he 'd been struck by a powerful desire to possess her , to make her writhe under him and fill her with thoughts of nothing but him .
the smoke detectors in three areas of the kitchen started blaring and nik could n't help but laugh at her horrified expression .
making his way along the pool that was decorated with floating flowers and candles , nik smiled politely at the guests but determinedly made his way out of the patio area .
the space seemed to be some sort of hallway that connected the main house to a smaller area that was still larger than her whole apartment .
she settled back in the wide , comfortable chair , feeling a bit like a fraud but also grateful to not be stuffed back in the coach area .
and when she exited the restricted area , she saw him and just about flew into his arms .
she glanced around and realized that everyone else in the area was also looking at the closed conference room doors .
thankfully , the waitress did n't have any reason to linger and flirt , so she quickly left the sun - filled deck area .
she cringed to think what he kept in his living room or dining room , areas where they might have a place of honor !
` ` what if she 's trying to break out of that area ?
peeking around the corner of the kitchen , she spotted the evil , fat man puffing on a disgusting smelling cigar in what she suspected was the parlor area of the old house .
he walked over to the area where the nurses were checking his vital signs and giving him his first bath , the overhead lights warming his tiny body .
there was a library , an exercise room , a smaller parlor area , a solarium , an outdoor pool complete with outside dining area and a veritable forest of plants , a game room with a massive pool table ... how much space did this man need ?
there was a library , an exercise room , a smaller parlor area , a solarium , an outdoor pool complete with outside dining area and a veritable forest of plants , a game room with a massive pool table ... how much space did this man need ?
apparently there was a whole staff area that she had n't searched .
if she could just get through this garden area , she might finally get inside .
her plan was to find a locker room or a work area , put on someone else 's clothes and try walking the halls until she found a prison area , or maybe heard one of the other workers gossiping about a stranger in one of the guest rooms .
her plan was to find a locker room or a work area , put on someone else 's clothes and try walking the halls until she found a prison area , or maybe heard one of the other workers gossiping about a stranger in one of the guest rooms .
he 'd had his security team scouring her home and work areas , trying to find her knowing that she was n't going to show for their dinner .
` ` sit down , relax , have something to eat , '' he told her , leading her over towards a dining area .
he did n't respond to her accusation , but turned to the man who stepped into the dining area , giving the man some sort of order in arabic so she did n't understand .
as they moved through the center of the stable area , the horses poked their heads out of the stalls for a moment before moving back to eating their hay .
he pulled her into the darkness of the stables and nikki looked around , worried that they were in a quiet , obviously unoccupied area .
he took her hand and led her out of the silent area and nikki cringed when she saw the guards who had been outside her door earlier in the evening .
in fact , the more she moved away from the administrative area where nazar worked during the day , the stronger that feeling grew .
i 'll see who 's out front , '' ellie said , leaving the inner sanctum of the changing area for the front of the store .
four bedrooms , three baths , an open plan main floor with the kitchen and dining area only separated from the living room by a flagstone hearth open to either side .
he prepared his congratulations , but when he walked inside , he was greeted by a disaster area .
carrie mentioned you had a lot of boxes in the main living area ?
she led the way through to the shelter and once again morgan found herself in the feline area of the big building .
` ` have a seat , '' rob said to his family , gesturing to the comfortable couches that ringed the living room area .
she put an arm around bella 's shoulders in what she assumed was supposed to be a friendly hug but felt more like a vise grip , and led her to an empty chair in the waiting area .
nor did it stop her hands from becoming slick with sweat as she walked toward madelyn and the tack area .
the horse stood by the tack area , but snorted uneasily .
by the time cab drove up the long dirt lane to the cruz place , the parking area was filled with vehicles , and when he entered the large house , conversation and laughter spilled over him .
a small woman with lovely brown hair and delicate features , she was moving around the kitchen area of the open - plan main floor .
autumn , setting appetizers out on the counter that separated the kitchen area from the rest of the great room , looked in her element .
for a moment she thought jake would lean down and kiss her , but then he glanced over her head toward the kitchen area and pulled back .
four clients and their pets waited impatiently in the small waiting area , and she knew she 'd be hard pressed to finish up at work , run to the cruz ranch to pick up her mail and still meet jake for dinner on time .
when he opened the door to the center , he found himself in a reception area with a no - nonsense gray carpet and black and gray metal chairs set up in a waiting area .
when he opened the door to the center , he found himself in a reception area with a no - nonsense gray carpet and black and gray metal chairs set up in a waiting area .
he caught sight of camila standing at the edge of the waiting area .
she 'd shoveled about two - thirds of the side of the roof that covered the bedrooms and kitchen , but there was still a third to do , and then all of the side that covered the open living room area .
` ` oh , i like that one , '' morgan said from one of the plush chairs that ringed the fitting area .
a row of faux leather chairs formed a waiting area .
let 's get your bags , '' he snapped and turned to head towards the baggage claim area .
he unlocked the back of the truck and placed her bags in the storage area , tossing them like they were pillows instead of the heavy burdens which had weighed her down throughout the whole trip .
but it was always with some conference or another and i usually only saw the inside of meeting areas .
` ` we will finish this , '' he said , then walked away , stepping out of the pool area and striding quickly towards the barn .
stop stealing the carrots and move out of my way , '' she smiled , not daring to step closer to the counter until he was farther from her work area .
he heard the voices close by and pulled away , taking a large step back just as another couple strolled out into their private area .
he was about to become angry when he heard the small noise coming from somewhere in the kitchen area .
` ` i ' m doing this out of protest , '' she said and stomped off to the dressing area .
chairs surrounded the pool in strategic areas and alicia could see the tennis court about fifty feet away .
meanwhile , alicia watched as adam and gary walked through the pool area , tennis racquets in hand as they moved off towards the tennis courts .
she pulled another towel from the stack beside the shower area .
unfortunately , they were in a small area that was hidden from others by both dim lighting as well as strategic walls .
she would learn to shop , she said , finally freeing the roots of the azalea and finding it a new home several feet away in a more open area .
i do n't know what you were thinking about initially but you 'll need a large area for clients to sit down in if you want them to come to you .
sure enough , his first appointment had arrived and was waiting out in her area .
my sandwich was perfectly healthy but this is very nice , '' she said , noticing with fascination that the mayor of the city was sitting at a table down below them in the main area .
most of the staff were heading towards the elevators and sydney kept peering around her area longingly .
she asked in response and started walking out of his office area .
he opened the door to the conference room and led her back to his own office area .
she left the executive area and walked slowly down the hallway towards the casino area , careful to hide her excitement .
she left the executive area and walked slowly down the hallway towards the casino area , careful to hide her excitement .
it was wonderful fun as they walked into the various boutiques and while sid sat in a chair , sabrina was led to a dressing area and items were brought to her for her review .
she saw sid move from one monitor to the next until he reached the backstage area where the scantily clad dancers were all waiting to perform , except for two who seemed to be yelling at each other .
the large group could n't be very quiet so when they actually entered the large reception area where edna 's desk stood , the older woman was staring curiously at the doorway , pen poised over the paper she 'd been working on .
taking a deep breath , helen stood up and walked quietly to the door , slipped out when he was distracted and walked out of the now empty reception area to the elevators .
jim led her to an enormous living room area that had to be more than five thousand square feet and two stories high .
she counted three groupings of sofas and chairs in this area with a massive fireplace at each end .
helen reluctantly left his bedside and walked across the hall to the waiting area , worry and fear tempering her mood but she was so grateful to have alec right behind her .
the club was dimly lit and carefully designed with elegant , upholstered chairs facing a long , narrow bar area .
i retrieved the phone from my handbag and the keycard from the coffee table , then hurried down to the reception area , where i was sure jett would n't look for me , even if he somehow managed to untie himself because he could n't bear not being in control .
the area was quiet , almost serene , decorated with huge arrangements of orchids and a plush , red carpet that hushed the sound of my heels .
` ` this is the waiting area , '' thalia explained in a muted voice .
for a waiting area , it was surprisingly silent .
the bar area was so crammed , i doubted we 'd find one vacant stool , let alone three .
gina pointed to a circular area with dozens of black wicker chairs .
the area was secluded , in the far corner , away from the dancing rooms and the foam party .
gina took a sip of her cocktail , her eyes shining unnaturally bright as her eyes scanned the dating area .
she pointed her glass toward the northwest side of the dating area .
i took a step forward , ready to leave the dating area behind , when thalia 's hand on my elbow stopped me .
eventually , grayson locked up and waved us over to the sitting area .
opposite from us , a neon light flickered across the bar area , illuminating countless bottles of alcohol , making them even harder to miss - or resist .
after saying our hellos to phil and getting our weekly ` ` ogle '' in , we made our way to the outdoor seating area .
once outside , i quickly walked us to my car in the parking lot , grateful i had a space toward the back in a low lit area .
i weaved my way through the thick crowd , drinks in hand , back to our table in the vip area of the club .
it was a small area , and not very well blocked off from the rest of the club , but this was n't new york .
she took me over to the tv area where all the movies were stored , and we started to sort through them as she showed me her favorite ones .
just as we were about to leave the security area , he gave me one final look .
i nodded , and to my surprise , he gave me a tender kiss before we entered the press area where the vultures would descend .
he handed me a wrapped burrito marked with a v , and we all settled on the empty couches in my lobby area .
within minutes dare was pulling into the visitors ' parking area in front of erin 's apartment building .
as the beams from both flashlights lit up the area erin could see papers , leaves and debris strewn all around and rain streaming in through the damaged roof .
a couple of limos were already ahead of her so she pulled into the parking area alongside them and waited .
dani directed him to the parking area then they headed for the student dorms in search of brian .
while jessie went to music room number three to plunk away at the piano , meg settled herself in the most comfortable seat in the parents ' waiting area , a big fat armchair , and pulled out her kindle ereader .
when she got to the lobby rock was already there , waiting in the lounge area .
as she strolled into the eden restaurant she saw jason seated in the waiting area , frowning as he focused on the iphone in his hand .
` ` wow , '' she whispered as her eyes roamed the field , the track and the stands surrounding the racing area .
when they got to the racetrack , max took them straight to the reserved area where duke and reed were already seated and there , between them , sat a distinguished - looking couple - the matriarch and patriarch of the davidoff clan .
she 'd made sure to put suave in charge of the books , particularly because she wanted to keep her out of the work area and out of harm 's way .
the man , big and muscled and strong , shoved her into an area sectioned off with heavy purple drapes and as soon as she stumbled in she was grabbed by two women who began to unzip her skirt and unbutton her blouse , moving swiftly and mechanically like two robots whose sole function was to strip her bare .
the subdued exterior lights softly illuminated the area , providing the perfect backdrop for a romantic rendezvous .
together , rome and arie arrived in the lobby area of the restaurant to see lily and vittorio waiting for them , lily looking anxious and vittorio looking like vittorio - solemn and stubborn , with a scowl darkening his brow .
as soon as the children had finished their refreshments the three teachers helped them pack up and then the group headed toward the parking area where the bus driver was waiting .
within just a few minutes a tall , willowy woman approached , crossing the main office , heading for the reception area .
at the clanging of the last bell she helped her group gather their belongings and escorted them out to the parking area where the school buses and parents were waiting .
it was a cozy little area with a couple of comfortable - looking armchairs facing a low mahogany table on top of which anya 's things were scattered .
he grabbed three pans and ducked out of view on his way to the large dish washing area .
outside , posted against one of the tall , romanesque columns holding up the reception area , mr . hayes waited for her silently .
i asked him as we approached the small wedding area .
the normally empty greeting area at the base of the escalator was crowded with people and cameras .
i pulled the car up to a waiting area near the gate .
he closed the door carefully behind him , coming into the main area of the room and standing there awkwardly .
we ' ve got to go move the boat from the starting area .
i took the two drinks and carefully maneuvered out from behind the bar and over to the game area .
` ` the bar 's still a disaster area , so i 'll clean that up before i go , '' i said , gesturing to the bar .
even the kitchen had an attached area where we could prep shark bait .
set up in the main living area was a round wooden table with candles , two big white plates , and glasses .
my bed was a disaster area ; i had tossed and turned all night with nightmares .
so did the storage areas by the shark pools ; that was devon 's .
i had cleaned every tank , organized and swept the storage area , dusted , vacuumed , and cleaned everything i could get my hands on .
i had a large bedroom with a massive king - sized bed , as well as a reception area with a large desk where i could work .
the resort boasted four restaurants , but this meet and greet banquet was being held in the main dining area .
` ` each building is secure and there are a series of tunnels that connect the two main buildings and several other areas of the resort .
` ` tyler is getting the dog comfortable in one of the storage areas .
she opened a door revealing a concrete storage area .
the big window overlooking the ocean from the reception area was boarded and covered with a heavy velvet curtain .
i slid silently out of bed and tiptoed out to the living area .
` ` keiko said she saw the door to spock 's area open earlier . ''
tyler is the only person in the guest area .
the boat was painted a sparkly , deep blue and had two leather seats in the front and a larger square area in the back where we could sit and fish .
she gestured toward a seating area swamped with people in varying states of distress .
he followed the white - coat - clad man into a curtained area behind the nurse 's desk .
over to the left , next to a wall of windows , was another seating area with a round table between two high - backed chairs .
the visitor eventually arrived at the reception area .
guess i 'd better round up leslie , '' he said , then wandered toward the bar area rather than the buffet .
she moved over to the mat area to do some stretches .
the suite was very masculine and seemed to be one of the few areas of the house that reflected luca 's taste .
and if her defiant expression was any indication , he had no doubt that he 'd be sitting in the reception area until hell froze over before she picked up the phone and announced his arrival .
tugging on his arm , she led him over to the seating area of the lobby for a private discussion .
ten minutes later , caleb stood in the parking lot of the rest area with alyssa peering around his arm at the truck 's steaming engine .
` ` we could have broken down before or after we got to the rest area . ''
` ` they all have their own private bathroom , but this one is the only one besides the master suite that has a sitting area . ''
leading her past the bed to the sitting area by the french doors , he sank into one of the armchairs , then pulled her onto his lap .
he turned her to face him , then stepped back and motioned toward a sitting area by the doors .
besides the well - kept hangar , there were two brand - new , top - of - the - line bell ems helicopters sitting on brightly painted helipads , and the entire area was ringed with what looked to be state - of - the - art lighting for night takeoffs and landings .
mary lou walked over to a small kitchen area on the opposite side of the room to stir the delicious - smelling contents of a huge pot on the electric range .
` ` if you two keep joking about my driving , i 'll stop making those chocolate - chip - oatmeal cookies you love so much , '' callie warned good - naturedly as she crossed the room to the kitchen area , where mary lou was putting the finishing touches on the crew 's dinner .
saying a silent prayer of thanks to the powers that be for a safe , albeit rough , landing , he climbed into the cabin area to check on his passengers .
do you think this would be appropriate for the reception area ? ''
as luke steered the rental car into a parking area at chimney rock in north carolina , haley gazed at the lush green mountains surrounding the natural monolith .
lowering onto one of the plush sofas in the lounge area , haley shook her head .
she walked over to the sitting area by the balcony doors to put more distance between them .
but she 'd backed too far away from him and he had n't had a chance of catching her before she fell and struck her head on the corner of the coffee table in the sitting area .
when he found the waiting area closest to the room haley would be taken to , he lowered himself into one of the chairs and ran a shaky hand over his face in an effort to keep his choking emotions in check .
when she walked into the dining area , zach had just lit the wicks on a couple of long white tapers in beautiful silver candlesticks .
` ` oh , good lord , '' she began , rolling her eyes as she walked over to the sitting area of the room .
as she took in the bubbling fountain in the center of the glass - enclosed area , the lush green plants and shrubs ringing the marble - tiled floor and impressive stone terrace , she did n't think she 'd seen anything more beautiful .
` ` originally , it was my intention to make it a sitting area for guests of the resort . ''
they were standing in a public area of his resort and anyone could have walked in on them .
when they entered the master suite , he switched on one of the lamps in the sitting area , then led her over to the bed .
as they entered the master bedroom , he ushered her into the sitting area and over to one of the chairs .
the venue 's back patio area was so beautiful and it overlooked the gondolas on the canals of venice , something the city was renowned for the world over .
i decided to stay put and sit down in a chair in the living room area .
the bedroom was equally impressive to the casual area of the suite , showing a giant king sized bed lined with cream and golden sheets and blankets .
chapter 8 the table in the casual area of the suite easily fit my lap top and all the documents that were brought along for me to review .
it was so beautiful and eloquent inside too , containing both private booths with beautifully embroidered curtains that provided privacy and more open dining areas .
i put on my t - shirt and panties and peaked out into the sitting area of our suite .
the bedroom , if you want to call it that , was off the kitchen and in the same area .
the lights were off in the small town , and the bar area was dark .
he had been hounding the guys setting up the horse area , and they were close to being finished .
he had waited for twenty minutes for someone to come and help him at the gift wrapping area , and no one showed .
when the area for the horses was complete , francesco came and got rosie and led her outside by the hand .
the barn and stable area were spacious and beautiful .
emily walked over to the makeshift area created for them .
the wedding cake was chocolate , and the pool area would be made so beautiful , her mother had promised .
chapter three ` ` nadia has called three times , '' margie , jake 's personal assistant , informed him as he entered the reception area .
there were few scheduled flights from this small airport and only a handful of people milled about the cavernous area .
this area of the plane was divided into two , the part they were sitting in , which had rows of seats like a normal plane , and then a comfortable seating area , with soft leather couches around a coffee table .
this area of the plane was divided into two , the part they were sitting in , which had rows of seats like a normal plane , and then a comfortable seating area , with soft leather couches around a coffee table .
zach had flown on it before ; he knew there were also an office area , a bedroom , and a shower room at the back of the plane .
she looked from him to the seating area beyond him and for a second he thought she might refuse .
she stood as he led the way to the seating area .
she led the way into the house and through into a huge lounge area with crimson sofas .
finally , he opened the french doors , which led into the gardens and pool area .
without waiting for him to answer , she strode across the reception area and out the front door .
they followed him through into the main area with the large dance floor and podiums scattered about .
instead , they followed the man through a door in the far wall and into a private area with a table set for lunch .
he 'd left his bodyguard in the reception area and been told that there was a replacement up here , but the place appeared deserted .
tables were scattered around the floor area , but most people were standing .
` ` i 'll make some coffee , '' she suggested and slipped into the kitchen , depositing her meager stack of mail onto the small kitchen table that took up half the space in the tiny area .
` ` eat up , darling , '' she said and hustled back to the cooking area .
she had no idea where she was , but she started her engine once again and backed out of the area she 'd found to park .
she did n't even bother with her normal morning routine of showering and dressing in neat slacks but simply moved to her comfortable den area in her white night gown .
she rushed to her computer and sat down , turning it on and then scrolling to the area where her hero and heroine meet initially .
as she peered through the glass doors that separated the lobby from the elevator area , she wondered if that could possibly be her delivery .
at the end of the hallway was a large office with a sitting area which emma thought she would just wait on .
but now , sitting in the formal , ultra modern waiting area of montenegro industries , she almost felt sick at what she 'd have to discuss .
` ` come on in , emma , '' jason said as he passed by the waiting area , heading towards his office .
with a curse , he grabbed emma 's hand and pulled her out of the reception area and back into the bright , morning sunshine .
emma demanded , her mind whirling at the outburst in the reception area and the diminishing view of the clinic .
regardless , she pulled on her clothes , ignoring the sticky feeling from her first venture into sex , then walked back down to the main living area .
she saw ms . bimbo glance to the waiting area and emma suspected that jason was giving her this time alone to confront her father 's vice president with her suspicions .
as the plane taxied to the off - loading area , he woke her up gently by shaking her shoulder , the only place on her body he trusted himself to touch .
she was running across the asphalt , dodging view from those guards on the ground and hurrying to the one area she knew was always occupied during the day .
she continued through the house , but her steps faltered when she saw the peculiar glow coming from the main living area .
two chairs had been brought in and filled up with cushions for comfort and somehow , the whole area felt cooler than it should be after the heat of the afternoon .
` ` your new neighbor is here , '' he said , nodding his head over towards the pool area .
when she realized that there were n't any other seats near him , her face looked crestfallen but she moseyed over to another area where there were some empty chairs and found some other people to chat with .
he was far enough away and coming out of an area that was n't noticeable to most of the other guests , but jade watched with growing fascination as dave tucked in his shirt more securely before he stepped around the corner to re - join the party .
there were two story windows that looked out over the city and the comfortable leather seating area beckoned her muddled , travel weary mind .
there was a large parlor area that looked to have been expanded and all new windows were installed .
the kitchen even had two large refrigerators and a freezer area that was separate .
she loved the wine area where one could chill the whites and reserve the reds at room temperature .
there was a warehouse area where she kept unique items for special customers .
she had some beautiful pieces and he could even see several work areas where it appeared some restoration was taking place .
he did n't wait for an answer but took her hand in his and pulled her out of the storage area .
` ` learn to live with disappointment , then , '' she snapped back and walked into the living area , dropping her purse onto a chair , then swinging around to face him , crossing her arms over her chest .
out in the reception area , she was sincerely grateful for the cold glass of champagne damon pressed into her hand .
she glanced at the driver and was relieved that the window was up between the back area and the driver so he could n't hear them .
he asked softly , ignoring the catering and wait staff who were still bustling around , picking up glasses and plates from the area .
clarissa ignored the poor grammar and looked around at the guests casually strolling around the patio and pool area of her father 's backyard and wondered how many were genuinely enjoying themselves .
she led everyone over to a small sitting area where tea and small cakes were already laid out .
in the cargo area , he had already stored a picnic and , at the top of a cliff looking out into the sea , they dined on cold chicken , sliced pears and delicious wine with cheese and crackers .
in fact , she barely heard anything people said as they all found seats in the plush living area where the sofa curved around a now blazing fire .
she was only mildly relieved when she saw the two of them enter the room but had to turn away when monica somehow managed to maneuver them into a relatively secluded area of the room , talking privately with him and continuing to give him a good view of her cleavage .
from what the articles said about it , the vessel basically was exactly that , a private cruise ship with just about every conceivable luxury possible including a weight room , cinema , large dancing area , more bedrooms than a large house and palatial dining as well as other entertainment areas .
from what the articles said about it , the vessel basically was exactly that , a private cruise ship with just about every conceivable luxury possible including a weight room , cinema , large dancing area , more bedrooms than a large house and palatial dining as well as other entertainment areas .
there was a sitting area and a bar , filled with drinks and a refrigerator .
beth shook her head as she shouldered her way into the kitchen area .
he called out and rushed into the kitchen , an area he 'd rarely seen .
he moved to stand next to her , looking at her face as she looked into the blackened fire area .
she opened the glass door of the shower area and stepped inside , the steam instantly making her hair curl even more than normal .
he walked out of her bedroom and back into the main studio area .
` ` it 's in the drawer to your right , '' she said , not coming close to him in the small kitchen area .
it was a nice , friendly atmosphere but still filled with the bustle of activity and intelligence that seemed to make the work area hum with excitement and anticipation .
unfortunately , the privacy window between the occupants of the back seat and the driver 's area was already closed .
once the area was cleared up , she set the plates on opposite sides of the table , ignoring gaston 's smirk when she did n't put the plates next to each other .
elana chatted with the other guests for two hours , careful to keep an eye on gaston as he moved about the room so she could ensure she was on the opposite side of the area .
she initially grabbed a pink bra with pretty lace along the top , but then thought about gaston being outside in her den area and grabbed the boring tan one , the one that she would be embarrassed to have him see her in .
she could picture her den in three different colors and her dining area to be in the same colors , just in more muted shades .
they tried to hide their curiosity , but it was there anyway as they rushed through the steel and granite lobby area to their own work areas .
they tried to hide their curiosity , but it was there anyway as they rushed through the steel and granite lobby area to their own work areas .
stepping out of the shower area , she felt the cool air hit her and she was grateful .
she found him in the study hall area , looking around at the books on the shelves .
she was proud of this area , with the relatively new computers and the multiple shelves books of all types lining the walls and tables .
lesley myers walked into the shower area where emma was changing and shook her head .
by the time they 'd crossed the room to a somewhat more private area , emma was almost laughing at how easily he controlled every situation .
she was turning to head towards the pie throwing area when her eyes collided with a pair of dark , intense ones .
as soon as she stepped out of the international arrivals area , she saw several drivers standing in front with signs .
with her key still in the door , her eyes barely able to see anything since it was the wee hours of the morning and no lights were still on , she spotted dozens of gorgeous flowers all over the tiny kitchen and den area , on every available surface , even on the floor .
the driver was waiting as expected when she exited the international flights area and cleared customs .
since dharran never allowed anyone else in his private living area , she knew that it would be him and her heart fluttered violently as she stood up , carefully placing the glass of wine on the table in front of her .
with absolute authority in his voice , they moved out of the area , the elevator doors quickly closing them out of emma 's view .
stepping out of the bedroom , she found the main area of the plane to be bustling with activity .
after about five check points , they slowed and drove to a large parking area filled with various kinds of vehicles .
he continued on , leading her to a clinic type area , but with more equipment than a normal doctor 's office .
emma recognized some of them from her previous visit but was still completely lost by the time they entered a lovely buttery yellow room with a dainty desk in the middle and overstuffed flower upholstered chairs in a small sitting area .
shaking her head , she told herself that she 'd been reading way too many mystery novels lately and pushed the door open , stepping inside what looked to be a mud room or some sort of utility area .
it was very neat with tools lining one wall , held in place by a peg board and hooks , and storage bins on shelves in another area .
` ` you 're a wonder , '' he said and winked as he left her office area , pulling claire along behind him .
claire smiled as she brought them into her kitchen , the wonderful rose scent filling the small area and lightening her mood enormously .
she told herself that over and over again on the drive into the office , and as she walked down the side parking area to the loading area .
she told herself that over and over again on the drive into the office , and as she walked down the side parking area to the loading area .
from there , she walked up the stairs , avoiding the main lobby area where most of the staff entered the building .
matt knew better than to argue with her so he led her out of her apartment and through to the surgery area where dave was just finishing up with the animal 's wounds .
darcy spent the rest of the afternoon in the surgery area , talking to the dog , petting his nose with a gentle touch , reassuring him that he was now safe .
dave called from the lobby area .
when she found the large stainless steel and glass area with lots of work space , she was thrilled .
sergei demanded , not sure why she 'd just come from the kitchen area , but wanting to know what was going on .
most were merely for show which is why she 'd chosen the pool area to play with the puppies today .
with the greetings out of the way , mitch showed them to a sofa and chairs area where he invited them to sit down .
thankfully , she was able to slip into one of the stores and pretend to browse the sweaters and shirts for several minutes , but at the first opportunity , she slipped into the back , ignoring the call from one of the shop workers that she was n't supposed to be in that area , then ducked out the service entrance in the back .
sliding her arms into the sleeves , then standing up and belting the robe closed , she peered down over the side of the bedroom area .
since the kitchen was directly underneath her bedroom area , and everything was open , she could n't see anything into her kitchen without toppling over the iron balustrade .
thankfully , the hostess announced that their table was ready and led them out of the smaller area of the coat check lobby .
the second site will be in a lower rent area but with more modern work areas and a larger capacity .
you 'll also need offices above the work area so your expanded staff can handle the incoming orders , plus a business developer who can coordinate the orders and ensure quality . ''
he grimaced inwardly as he saw several people that he did n't want to talk to so he stepped into the bar area , ordering a scotch while he waited for zoe .
he was just about to get back into his car when he noticed the door to her work area was n't closed properly .
there were cabinets everywhere and a sleek island surrounding the work area with tall stools pushed up to the edge .
she asked softly , stepping up onto the round staging area .
there was strategic lighting and a massive granite fireplace that switched on , warming up the whole area .
that surprised her enough to distract herself from her mutinous thoughts and she looked around at the lights and the comfortable seating area which would allow his guests to relax while he cooked , but still be near the fireplace .
she loved the denver area and would fight to stay here if that was possible .
the man was literally taking apart a ghetto type area and replacing it with just about everything anyone could need .
the back area of the vehicle was actually a place to carry things and drake pulled out a bag .
she was just as impressed with this living area as she had been at his city penthouse .
standing up , she started pacing the kitchen area once again , needing to move because of the nervous energy that was building up .
out in the seating area of the plane , he made several phone calls , trying to clear up his schedule for the next two days .
someone was bound to have noticed such a beautiful woman in a hotel lobby or restaurant - somewhere within the public areas of the hotel .
as soon as the plane landed , erik and his father were met at the palace receiving area by prince maximillian , a man similar in build to him but a few years younger .
the horse instantaneously sprang forward and they were out of the stable area and down one of her favorite paths .
it was a relatively small area within the palace where the staff members could bring their children during the day and be assured of quality care .
marabeth loved this area of the palace .
have a seat , '' king stephan said and waived him over to the set of chairs placed in one area of his office .
sam said as he guided marabeth out of the ballroom and out into the hallway that would eventually lead them to the private area of the palace .
` ` what brings you down to this area of the palace today ? ''
she quickly slipped her running shoes off her feet and placed them to the side of the large , matted area .
she pulled out of his arms and walked out of the small , unused kitchen area .
there were several rooms consisting of a large bedroom , a sitting area with palladian windows that looked out over the gardens and a kitchen which he rarely used , preferring to eat his meals with his family in one of the formal dining rooms or the breakfast room .
she asked , walking beside him as he led her through to the dining area and handed her a plate .
max came back into the den area from the kitchen and stopped in the center , his arms crossed over his chest arrogantly as he looked across the room at her .
` ` this way to the dress maker 's area , '' she said formally and preceded tara into a large room filled with every possible kind of fabric both casual and formal .
then carefully picked up the skirt and stepped out into the main area where debra and the queen were waiting .
now everything seemed flat , pointless and instead of the vibrant colors she 'd decorated her apartment with , the whole area felt as if it were in black and white .
she would be redesigning even the sheik 's private areas and sidra swallowed at the realization that she would be in rashid 's bedroom , decorating his private space and making sure that it was decadent enough for his liaisons .
the sheik could come and go as he pleased and she should vacate the any area in which he entered with a bow , or nothing at all if she could get out of that room without being seen first .
` ` i thought you might like to switch the sitting area in here around so that the light coming in through these windows could be more useful . ''
she was referring to the living area of his private quarters , her finger pointing to the largest area and praying he would take the hint that she could n't talk about their intimate time together any more .
she was referring to the living area of his private quarters , her finger pointing to the largest area and praying he would take the hint that she could n't talk about their intimate time together any more .
search all the areas where someone might have curled up and fallen asleep and make sure she 's okay . ''
` ` i thought this was rashid 's private area .
as she was pulled out of the bedroom and into the living area , she noticed that the breakfast food had been cleared out of the way and her stomach rebelled .
the guests would be directed to the reception area while official photos of the wedding party were taken in another room .
hussan almost smiled , but he complied by moving over to one of the chairs set up on a patio dining area .
the bathroom had all of the latest amenities but with what looked like solid gold faucets on the sinks and in the shower area .
he did n't even knock when he entered her room moments later but his eyes swept through the area , hunting her down as if she were one of his prey .
he pried her hand away from her arm and tucked it onto his arm , leading her out of the corner and back to the main area where his servants had already set up their evening meal .
as the suv drove past the palace towards the school area , isla leaned her head against the window , trying to stop these crazy reactions her body had .
surely there was a living room or den type area where hussan relaxed once the business of the day was finished .
there was absolute chaos inside the steel and concrete area with people rushing all over the place , large pans being washed in a massive sink and other pots being brought to the cooking area .
there was absolute chaos inside the steel and concrete area with people rushing all over the place , large pans being washed in a massive sink and other pots being brought to the cooking area .
` ` excuse me , '' she called out and was startled when almost everyone in the entire kitchen area stopped what they were doing , froze and started looking at her .
there was a cafeteria style dining area where the employees and guards could get free food during the day , and a smaller number of options at night for any of the guards still on duty .
she knew that hussan 's office was in the opposite side of the area but she found an empty office and desk at the end of one of the hallways .
` ` ah ... yes ... .um ... '' he dropped the pens and walked down the hallway to another office which turned out to be a storage area filled with office supplies .
normally , even foreign dignitaries were required to go through the proper channels , although those checks were streamlined for them and public areas eliminated .
she walked out to the viewing area that had several mirrors to get a better look .
antonia walked out into the staging area again , turning around to see herself from the side and the back .
antonia and brett moved from one area of the main building to another , commenting on the styles they liked or disliked , arguing about the talent of each artist over another , different time periods and the differences in techniques .
most of the other hotel guests were probably getting ready for bed so the pool area was completely empty except for the two of them .
since they were staying in a four room suite , with a large family room area in the middle , mike and bob were arguing good naturedly about what to do for the rest of the evening while victoria read a magazine on the sofa , laughing occasionally at some of the suggestions coming from the two men .
the two men sat down at the circular table that was set up just outside of the small kitchen area .
the other end of the room held a bar and sitting area .
laci turned away and walked several steps towards the sitting area before she took a sip .
she heard several basketballs echoing in the large gym area as a group of boys dribbled across the court .
the eating area contained a white iron table and eight chairs with a large green rug underneath .
as soon as they reached the relative solitude of the large dance area , laci was enveloped into his arms .
they stopped in an impressive lobby - like area with a secretary quickly typing on a computer .
he was pacing the hostess area and scowled at her as she opened the door .
there are plenty of beginner ramps over there , '' he said , pointing to a less dramatic area of the skateboard park .
darcy dug through her purse to find her wallet so she could throw down a few dollars , just enough to cover her soda and a tip for the bartender who was conspicuously staying away from their area of the bar .
gus smiled and followed her , preferring the darkness to the bright lights of the ballroom and patio area .
she turned away to pace the patio area .
once he was satisfied with their plates , he led her to a relatively deserted area of the ballroom that had tables .
there was a large , brick and stainless steel kitchen that had pots and pans hanging down over one of the main cooking areas , a huge living room complete with gas fireplace which he switched on as soon as they walked through it .
the decorating was repeated in the drapes and the small kitchen area .
chapter 1 ` ` you must be the enemy everyone is talking about , '' katherine avril smiled warmly as she approached the three men in business suits standing in the lobby area .
years later , when i turned sixteen , i started working for the store in the retail areas .
` ` kate , you wanted these filed but i do n't have the key to the main storage area . ''
kate followed him , curious to see the other areas of carlo 's home .
she asked as the three of them walked into the store rooms , the initial area for the employee entrance .
there was also a lounge or family room , whatever it was called on a ship this size , a breakfast area that could be opened up to the breeze on the deck .
she asked , looking around and loving the way the front entry way was lined with golden wood that warmed the area surrounded by a black , marble floor .
there was no furniture , but kate could picture a large round table in the center of the circular area with a vase overflowing with flowers .
the cooking area was perfectly set up with the refrigerator close enough to counters , sink and pantry .
` ` this is a cook 's dream kitchen , '' she said , noting the windows that allowed sunshine to stream into the eating area .
that room flowed directly out to the patio and a large pool area with trees draping over one side .
it was an odd feeling since she usually avoided his office as well as several of his other vice presidents , feeling as if there was something wrong about her being in that area of jamison 's headquarters .
not to mention the need for historical information and building a clientele in certain areas of the store . ''
she walked by david 's office , intending to put some files back in the accounting storage area that was across the hall from his office .
she turned around to face a security guard who was watching the lobby area .
she was seated across mykolas , enjoying a late lunch in the cozy dining area of his private yacht .
i take a short trip to the ground floor lobby to see if there are any available spaces on the lounge areas left .
if you have to be technical about it , the area also serves as the kitchen .
at seven - forty in the morning , most of the employees of moretti inc . were still milling around in the marble - floored reception area , with twenty minutes to spare before work for the day officially started .
` ` stay here while i get something from my office , '' domenico said as he made her take one of the plush seats in the area .
one of the council 's employees had told her that the rooftop area was quite private , having caught sight of her red - rimmed eyes .
~~~~ across the street , on the rooftop area of another building , domenico moretti observed the entire scene between misty and the heir to the cavalier clan .
the answer eluded her , and even the serene quiet of the rooftop area failed to soothe her today .
the attendants had left them alone in the lounge area of the plane , and almost all the lights had been turned off except for the pin lights above the wine bar across the room .
~~~ ` ` i see her , boss , '' bob , staffan 's personal bodyguard , reported from the restricted area next to the stage , a section strictly reserved for vips .
the backstage area was crowded with dancers waiting in the wings together with reporters , gs , and staffan 's security team .
it was easy to slip past them without anyone noticing , and she did so as quickly as she could , heading to the closest restroom outside the backstage area .
she had to think of a way to get inside the backstage area .
when she finally reached the area where the tech crew was checking the equipment , there was no sign of alan .
she thought about carmina and her friends and the way they had fun hanging out during the concert , the way those girls had fought for her and even helped her get past the checkpoint of staffan 's backstage area .
~~~ it was barely nine in the morning and the stage area was already ringing with noise .
staffan quickened his steps and a little while later he was running full force towards the stage area as the shouts got louder .
saffi had slapped his ass , and when he turned around in disbelief - no woman , not even chloe , had ever dared slapped his ass because all of them had been too intimidated by him - staffan saw saffi practically skipping her way out of the stage area .
walking past the hallway , he shrugged off his jacket as he reached the living area .
almost an hour later , finally done with shower and replete with a hearty breakfast , the two of them walked back into the stage area , with staffan 's arm possessively curled around her waist .
and on the way to the stage area , with yanna having gone ahead of him because she had been excited to show staffan her personal picks , constantijin had almost bumped into a young girl who had run past him in tears .
` ` this is not going to go well , h , '' he muttered as they entered the backstage area .
he gestured to the seating area at the side .
pearl 's suite was the most luxurious one in the hospital , with its own receiving area and a spare bedroom .
it was a mantra i repeated in my mind continuously when i made my way to the 34 / f reception area of the executive offices of kastein inc .
he pulled me into his office , which actually had its own reception area .
drake blinked when i was suddenly several feet away from all of them and just a short distance away from the reception area .
when i sat on one of the cushions , constantijin walked back to the living area and sat across me .
the moonlight shone behind us , reflected by the ornately designed surface of the vast table constantijin requested management to move outdoors from the dining area .
nodding , she moved to the dressing area and grabbed the first one she found in the top dresser drawer , then pushed her head through the opening .
he found her behind the table , face white as she searched the area .
security flooded the area , obscuring his view of her for only a minute , but it was enough time for her to disappear .
quickly and efficiently , they cleared the area as he ambled over to zoe , propping one foot on the bench and leaning over her .
in its place were comfortable - looking seating areas , a table for two , and freshly painted cabinets , and granite countertops in the kitchen , as well an antique dresser with a flat - screen television on top .
but now that she had nathan to worry about ... ` ` please consider it , '' barbara urged , looking around the children 's area at the brightly colored floor rugs , the tiny tables and chairs .
from the stable area came the shouts of men hard at work .
it was too cold to sit outside and eat , so he 'd spread out a quilt in the storage area of the gallery .
the lobby area was done in glass and wood with a skylight installed in the domed ceiling overhead that displayed a blue summer sky studded with white , puffy clouds .
the shower area was directly behind her , and steam twisted in the air like fog .
the area was so small now that it would comfortably hold only two or three people .
` ` farrah , the guests are leaving the banquet area and beginning to arrive in the ballroom , i need you out serving the drinks and appetizers , '' winnie called , from the other side of the bathroom door .
they entered the plane and damon ushered katrina into the cabin area .
` ` and as i think about it , it 's beautiful out tonight , so there 's another area of the house i 'd like to show you . ''
katrina pulled away from his embrace as they rounded the corner and they stepped into the pool area .
the pool area had been set up to look like a tiki island getaway , with a lagoon pool with waterfall and bar island in the center .
i started my way to the pool area , but could n't see him .
so , i settled for some stretching and a twenty - minute pilate 's session in my living room area .
with that neck hair - raising encounter , he parted and joined his friends that gathered close to the entrance where there was a lounge area .
her forced face smile made me leave the reception area without even saying thanks .
we went through another set of doors and into a private concierge area .
the male staffer mumbled an apology and left the area .
we were ushered to a private departure area and boarded blake 's gulfstream jet .
blake held my hand as we followed chad and luke towards the living room area .
i scrutinized her closely before she dropped the blankets on the floor and took care of the rest then walked inside the glassed shower area .
my voice echoed in the shower area .
the vast area was a good replica of that day i took sienna for a massage in knightsbridge , the arabian themed room .
edward , blake 's grandfather , william , toby and clive were all in the waiting area when chad and lucy wheeled me in .
he was nowhere in his receiving area , so i cautiously strolled towards the open double - doors to the bedroom and could see that he was in the bathroom , taking his things and dumping them in a black weekend bag .
i motioned my head towards the dining area , hoping that i could entice her to eat something because she had n't had anything since the fruits and cream this morning .
after the meticulous double - checking , i was told to wait in the sitting area and someone would inform me about amelia 's condition .
a little over five minutes later , a young looking woman announced my name as she scanned the few faces in the waiting area .
making special arrangements for the baby to be moved into a different room across the hall that had a private sitting area was n't a hardship .
my eyes cracked open , searching from left then to right , finding sienna , chad and blake standing against the glass wall that divided the new room for the baby and the sitting area .
hovering around the toilet area , i managed to hold down the vile that was threatening to come out .
we were in the waiting room area , awaiting the result of william 's operation .
before that , my barbies had fabulous adventures in the lumber storage area . ''
in the main dining area beyond their private room , a piano and violin played mozart concertos .
there were no collection containers in the enclosed area .
brightly striped curtains separated the main sitting area and kitchenette from the bedroom .
moving blindly , she fled the pool area , darting into the house .
since she did n't see any receptionist , she let herself into the main reception area .
ten minutes later , the woman came down the reception area .
heading toward a closed door on the other side of the room , he gestured about the suite 's living area decorated with plush couches and chairs and other opulent furnishings that probably cost more than her car .
camille stepped inside a room that borrowed its theme from the suite 's outer area .
he moved toward the hallway behind the dining area .
julian forced himself back out into the common area where soren and the attorney were waiting .
he led them out to the garden area .
they jumped into a mercedes limousine waiting in the pickup area .
tasteful wall hangings and pleated drapes divided the dining area into intimate sectors and the privacy they afforded more than made up for the establishment 's overcrowded popularity .
claudette and camille had agreed it was the perfect place with a spacious area amid the roses for a makeshift dance floor .
` ` will you and mrs . de laurent be dining in here , or do you prefer one of the dining areas ? ''
afterward , julian suggested they have dessert indoors , and they moved inside to an informal dining area .
she shoved through the door and out into the dining area .
tasha loved it when beverly , the hostess , seated them in her area .
a wall of three sets of french doors flanked the western side of the massive living area .
she pointed toward the waiting area a few feet away .
` ` okay , '' tasha said distantly , and proceeded toward the waiting area while rubbing her palms over the tweed skirt of her impeccably tailored sheath dress .
stepping into the waiting area , tasha looked around and then circled the large table in the center , taking note of the magazines strewn across the top .
he found her in the outdoor patio dining area , and asked , ` ` you seen dean around ? ''
dean triplett let his gaze wander around the common area of the kevin matthews community center .
` ` she 's sitting out in the common area on one of the couches . ''
lecie was still sitting on a couch in the common area where furniture was quartered off for informal chats .
this area of the community center reminded nick of an internet cafe .
a quick glance around from the doorway revealed an extremely professional set - up with top - of - the - range appliances which would have seduced a master chef - a dream working area for any cook .
his gaze flicked around the lavishly rich and exotic versace furnishings in the huge central atrium which had always served as the most public reception area .
she was being led straight towards a huge central atrium , richly and exotically furnished in the style of a palatial reception area .
a walkway to the rest of the rooms on the ground floor surrounded the two - steps - down sunken floor of this incredible area , which was also overlooked by the balconies which ran around the second and third floors .
not only did it contain an elegant dining table that could seat ten people , the lounging area was also sumptuous ; cream leather couches running along underneath the windows , plus a cosier conversational area with a grouping of chairs and sofas around a low table to allow the serving of light refreshments .
not only did it contain an elegant dining table that could seat ten people , the lounging area was also sumptuous ; cream leather couches running along underneath the windows , plus a cosier conversational area with a grouping of chairs and sofas around a low table to allow the serving of light refreshments .
it opened to what was obviously the manager 's domain , an office combined with a sitting area for conversations with guests .
the question teased her mind as she left the reception area , passing by the livingstone lounge - honouring the explorer , david livingstone , who 'd discovered and named victoria falls after the then queen of england .
having been assured that this last tip of the african continent had no personal relevance as far as she zageo were concerned , she could barely stop her feet from galloping up the last flight of steps to the top viewing area around the lighthouse .
it had been the breakfast room when karen had been married to barry , but she had cleared it to make a good play area for david .
huge glass areas provided a commanding view of the flotilla of sailing boats skimmed across pittwater .
it was a house which not only contained beautilul entertaining areas , but which had cozy living areas also .
it was a house which not only contained beautilul entertaining areas , but which had cozy living areas also .
the pilot had already taken their attache cases from them to stow in the baggage area .
two women were in the outer reception area , obviously packed up and ready to go home , their handbags slung over their shoulders .
as quin ushered her past the open kitchen area , she saw a woman rising to her feet from one of the leather sofas near the view of the harbour - a tall , handsome woman , whose strong - boned face was etched with fatigue , her heavy - lidded , dark eyes looking almost bruised by the shadows around them .
nick knew the bank of elevators was at the back of the open lounge area and he took up a position in a relatively clear space near the reception counter so tess could easily spot him when she came down from her room .
he was still standing flat - footed in the reception area , not coming to her .
they 'd reached the concierge 's desk and nick was ordering his car to be brought up from the parking area to the hotel entrance .
she watched him taking in her personal living area , moving to open the door to her bedroom suite , casing that space , as well .
' i told you i did n't want any , sylvana , ' she answered in exasperation , grabbing her handbag from the bed and heading out to the living area of her small apartment .
they looked wonderfully dramatic set amongst beautifully polished antique furniture and the gloriously coloured rugs on the parquet floor , but they 'd be hell to keep clean in any normal living area .
that thought lightened chloe 's spirits as she wandered back to the living area of the executive suite .
he strode into the living area and stopped dead at seeing her standing in front of the long windows .
chloe walked into a delightfully cosy living area , which ran the full width of the small house .
they travelled right to the end of the road before the black porsche led her down a steep concrete driveway to a private parking area at the back of what had to be quite a large waterfront home .
james simply ushered her around a corner into a spacious foyer at the rear of a huge living area .
the foyer led into a kind of mezzanine level which virtually staged a magnificent black grand piano , and beyond it three exotically patterned sofas were grouped around a fire - place situated on the far wall which stretched up both storeys of the house to a domed ceiling of glass which flooded the area with light .
james released lucy 's hand , removed a key from under a pot - plant , unlocked a sliding glass door , opened it , lifted the curtain aside and waved lucy into what appeared to be more a guest suite than a casual entertaining area .
the elevator opened onto the reception area before she had time to question him .
they walked into a wonderfully light , airy , open - plan living area and for amy it was love at first sight .
it had obviously been renovated , the same tiles in the living area being carried through to it and the same blonde wood in the kitchen being used on the vanity bench .
she whirled through the archway in a rage of pride , coming to a stage - stop as she took in the scene , jake by the table he 'd set for their dinner , brandishing a bottle of champagne , steve standing by the kitchen counter , keeping his distance , obviously put out by her luxurious living area and jake 's presence .
from the moment amy arrived at the powell home , ruth linked her arm with hers in warm welcome and whizzed her into a wonderfully large family room which opened out onto a lovely patio and pool garden area .
his voice came from the kitchen area .
skye bolstered this determination with every step she took towards the meeting place - the waterfront park , directly across from the brighton - le - sands novotel hotel , a public area which she could check out before showing up .
after lunch they strolled down to the playground area where luc directed that he and skye sit on a grassy bank , watching how brave matt was at using the slippery dip by himself .
two steps led down to a huge open living area where practically every piece of furniture was an ultra - modern objet d'art .
the newcomer on the scene was drifting into the open living area from what had to be a bedroom wing .
he called commandingly , striding across a mud room area containing boot racks and rows of hooks for hats , coats and umbrellas .
the salon was a large two - roomed shed behind the house and the parking area that served it took up quite a bit of room , but there was still plenty of land for michelle 's seven - year - old daughter to keep a pony which she rode every day after she came home from school .
chapter twelve to serena 's immense relief , lyall 's yellow porsche was not in the parking area provided for the pet salon 's clients .
determined not to invite him into the house , she walked up to the parking area , noting as he stepped out of the porsche that his appearance was a perfect illustration for casual designer wear - cream jeans with tan stitching , a tan vest over a collarless cream silk shirt , sleeves rolled up his forearms to show off his rolex watch , and , of course , his tan hair was artfully streaked with creamy strands to make it seem naturally sunbleached .
she had just taken early delivery of a poodle at the salon and was seeing the client out of the reception lobby when a fabulous red ferrari arrived in the parking area .
the red ferrari was in the parking area when she returned home and nic was leaning on the post and rail fence that enclosed the grazing paddock , watching erin riding her pony around the makeshift jumps course .
he laughed and wrapped an arm around her shoulders as they turned to go back to the parking area .
he 'd no sooner stepped out of the cherokee in the parking area adjacent to michelle 's salon , than he saw her stepping onto the path from the front verandah of the house .
it was all black and white with exotic touches everywhere : white carpet stretching to a wall of windows overlooking the bay and the harbour beyond , black leather lounges with red and gold cushions , a glass table held up by black panthers climbing white rocks , a floral arrangement of red and gold lilies as its centrepiece , black leather chairs around it , and separating the incredibly spacious living space from what she assumed was the bedroom area was a multi - panelled chinese screen , brilliantly decorated with red - and - gold dragons and mother - of - pearl insets for clouds , trees of jade , wonderfully rich and vivid against the black laquered frames .
then he was back , striding past the chinese screen to the living area , returning a few minutes later carrying a silver tray loaded with an ice bucket containing a bottle of champagne , two flute glasses and a dish of strawberries with what had to be fancy chocolates wrapped in coloured cellophane .
she shook her head in amazement , walking dazedly towards the fantastic wall of glass that encompassed a luxury - packed living area ; white leather lounges , glass tables on white marble blocks , beautiful large mats patterned in shades of turquoise , blue and aqua on the gleaming white tiled floor .
along the living area side of the work bench were stainless steel bar stools with designer moulded seats which turned as directed by whoever was sitting in them .
the remark halted liz 's miserable reverie and directed her gaze out to the pool area where nancy was looking .
they also visited a long house where over a thousand men , women and children lived together in the old traditional way , with each family having their own quarters but sharing a large verandah as a communal area .
they were asked to wait in the reception area until mr . newell 's secretary came to collect them .
dressing up the double glass doors that opened onto the pergola area outside were silk side curtains in the dark and light green , looped into a graceful drape with gold cord and tassles , an expanse of ivory organza in between , all hanging on a long gold rod with elaborate scrolls at both ends .
they walked down the ballroom and turned into the area which had been remodelled into a modern kitchen and dining area , facing a lovely view of the harbour .
they walked down the ballroom and turned into the area which had been remodelled into a modern kitchen and dining area , facing a lovely view of the harbour .
he pointed to the room beyond the dining area .
the old carriage house on one side of the pool area was being updated to a double garage with a storeroom at the back of it , and what used to be the staff quarters on the other side was being transformed into a pool cabana / guest apartment with a barbecue area .
the old carriage house on one side of the pool area was being updated to a double garage with a storeroom at the back of it , and what used to be the staff quarters on the other side was being transformed into a pool cabana / guest apartment with a barbecue area .
' the men are rigging up the sails which will shade the barbecue dining area , ' he informed her as they headed down the hallway .
' i 'll take this down to the barbecue area , save having to bring it later , ' she slung at him , avoiding eye contact , and was off , not waiting for him to agree or disagree .
he 'd slid open one of the glass doors that led onto the back verandah and stood just outside the dining area , glowering at her with fierce green eyes .
he tossed these last words at her as he started strolling back to the barbecue area , leaving daisy openmouthed , struggling for a protest or an excuse to escape playing with him - being alone with him .
the wall of glass which gave a wide view of the harbour from the dining area and kitchen also gave a direct view inside .
as he placed two flute glasses on the bench which separated the kitchen from the dining area , he checked that she was still engaged with the view .
just beyond this area was the finishing line for each race .
on arriving in the shimmering gold lobby of the bar , they were welcomed again and escorted into the dining area where the decor was a stunning blue and green , the ceiling designed like waves with white crests .
the reception area was cool and spacious , elegantly furnished and with a view of the sea at the far end .
their adjoining rooms were charming , each one with a walled outside area containing a table and chairs for enjoying the ambience of the resort .
to the side of the dining section was a large open area shaded by pergolas and normally used for wine - tasting .
i swallow the paracetamols and avoiding all the creaky areas on the stairs tiptoe upstairs .
we walk into the perfumed space and a young girl with bright red hair comes to greet and lead us into a private area .
a young man with a french accent settles us into a waiting area and offers us delicate little bites of food and two glasses of champagne .
we go through a door that requires a code , and i realize that we have entered the area that only staff members are allowed into .
fleur is waiting in the reception area for me .
we are shown to a round corner table in the elegant waiting area .
the middle of the room , meant to serve as a large dance area , is covered in a cream and gold carpet .
everybody is staring at the splendid sight of two very beautiful people dipping and whirling round and round the dance area .
come , ' he says , and , laying his hand on the small of my back , guides me towards an area sectioned off with red ropes .
with an untouched drink in my hand i follow him into the viewing area .
i nod , and we leave that area and go back out amongst the glittering people .
' you 're here for a rest , ' the large , spectacularly ugly nurse said , when two orderlies hauled me into the hospital 's reception area , kicking and screaming .
the dining area is full of natural light and rather pleasant , other than the unidentified brown smears and stains on the walls .
the outside dining area overlooks the lake and there 's no better place to catch a gorgeous sunset- '' ` ` ms . sanders ... '' ` ` keira , '' she reminded him .
` ` the vineyard manager , darleen , should be able to keep things running around here while i ' m gone , '' he said , glancing around the nearly empty garden area .
busloads of tourists wandered through this room , the winemaking area and the gift shop .
the boarding room was lavishly appointed with overstuffed sofas and chairs , reading material , plasma tv , plus a fully staffed bar and snack area .
the plush chairs and sofas she 'd bought for the room , gathered together into conversation areas , and the wide bank of windows that displayed an unimpeded view of the ranch 's expansive front yard .
on her feet , maura looked at him , almost embarrassed , jefferson thought , then with a shrug she followed her sister into the cleared - away area in front of the tables .
as he neared the closed - off area , one of the ewes scuttled nervously in her pen .
jefferson paced his bedroom and when he did n't have enough room , left to stride back and forth across the living area .
` ` be with me , '' he whispered , already leading her through the seating area to the bedroom beyond .
she stalked from the bedroom into the living area and jefferson was just a step or two behind her .
finally , she stopped at the area set aside for kids ' birthday parties .
they were far enough away from the main area of the farm that they were pretty much alone .
windows ringed the room , terra - cotta - colored tiles made up the floor and there was a small wetbar area in the corner that katie would be using as a cleanup area .
windows ringed the room , terra - cotta - colored tiles made up the floor and there was a small wetbar area in the corner that katie would be using as a cleanup area .
he shrugged , and pushed the shopping cart into the area set aside for them .
midnight - blue couches and chairs made up conversation areas .
on one side of the patio dining area , the busy street was clogged with cars and the sidewalks bustled with pedestrian traffic .
she had bowed to some traditions and had livened up other staid areas of the palace with her more casual flair .
connor was going to run right into a construction area .
the room had a softer feel now , with scattered rugs and splotches of color dotting the area .
hoses were dragged from every area of the yard , and water was aimed at the flames licking along the sides and climbing toward the roofline of the barn .
the doors dividing the salon from the dining room had been pushed back , creating one vast area of small tables , each seating six .
just when she thought she must surely be coming to the living areas of the house , she emerged onto a balcony with a white marble banister that continued downward in a wide , graceful spiral for two full stories before it ended in a vast entrance hall below .
53 stephen 's decision to ignore her existence became harder and harder to adhere to as evening drifted into night , and he saw her hovering on the edge of the torchlit area where the tables had been set up for supper .
two years ago , he 'd paid a surprise visit on meredith , and when he arrived at the dorm at four o'clock on a sunday afternoon , he 'd seen boys sitting around downstairs in the dorm 's lounge area , just inside the main doors .
chapter 15 the offices of the senior executives were on the fourteenth floor , situated on both sides of a long , wide , carpeted corridor that fanned out in opposite directions from the circular reception area .
portraits of all the bancroft presidents hung in ornate gilt frames on the walls of the reception area above the queen anne sofas and chairs that were provided for visitors .
when he departed two weeks later , the entire reception area on the one hundredth floor , as well as the conference room and matt farrell 's future office , had been completely redecorated .
the soft ding of the elevator bell struck the reception area like a hammer on a gong .
when she stepped off the elevator on the sixtieth floor , she found herself in a spacious silver - carpeted private reception area .
that conclusion was borne out when meredith reached the reception area outside her father 's office and saw that all the other executive vice presidents had also been summoned , including allen stanley , who 'd been on vacation for the past week .
three shallow steps led down from the marble foyer to the various living areas , but instead of being divided by walls , they were left wide open , indicated only by pairs of marble columns .
` ` good morning , kathy , '' she said to the receptionist , then she glanced around at the nearly deserted area .
her secretary 's desk was cleared , her computer covered for the night , so rather than sitting down in the reception area , matt took off his coat and perched his hip on the secretary 's desk , pleased with this unexpected opportunity to see how meredith worked and what sorts of things occupied her days .
as the group started to stand , matt went over to a sofa in the reception area and picked up a magazine as if he 'd been reading it , but he was so damned proud of the way she 'd handled herself that he could n't stop grinning .
she glanced up to make certain the other secretaries whose desks fanned around the reception area in a broad circle were all busy and preoccupied .
he led her toward the back of the apartment and up the steps to the lounge area because it was the coziest part of the place , and because the view from the corner windows was the best .
olsen was waiting in the reception area when matt got off the elevator at 8:30 the next morning .
she was partway across the reception area when mark braden called out to her , his face lit with a triumphant grin as he drew her off to the side .
ignoring all of that , she scanned the crowded living room , the dining room , and then the raised dais that created a glass - enclosed conversation area at the far corner of the penthouse .
` ` lisa and parker said they 'd meet us here with the baby and have lunch with us , '' she added , looking a little anxiously toward the empty reception area outside .
tommy spotted zack as soon as he walked into the lit area , and at zack 's nod , he called out , ` ` all right everybody , ten more minutes , then we get started . ''
it seemed as foolproof as anything under the circumstances : she was going to pull into the rest area and when she was alongside the parked trucks , she would slam on the blazer 's brakes and jump out of the car , screaming for help in a voice loud enough to wake up the trucks ' occupants .
in order to pull into the rest area without a sudden change in speed that would alert her passenger , she needed to be traveling at no more than thirty miles an hour when she reached the exit .
the rest area was still a quarter mile away , shielded from view of the highway by a stand of pine trees , when julie reduced her speed to thirty and turned the steering wheel a fraction of an inch at a time to begin angling off the highway .
perhaps it was the new male voice or the sudden realization that her captor was becoming physically aroused that snapped julie into reality or perhaps it was the slamming of the truck door followed by the roar of an engine as the big semi began to pull away from the rest area .
turning , she wandered into the kitchen area , an efficient , modernistic galley - type affair that stretched across the back wall of the house and was divided from the living room by a high counter with six leather stools in front of it .
momentarily blinded , julie blinked and then glanced around the crowded area , her heart beginning to hammer with anticipation and foreboding .
ahead were the doors leading out to the brightly lit area where taxis and cars were waiting with their headlights on .
chapter sixteen the veterinarian 's officewas in a narrow pink clapboard house , and the waiting room area was obviously the vet 's living room .
they both hesitated while two women who 'd been using the adjoining bathroom walked through the mirrored lounge area .
the entire original irish pub of kate 's youth had occupied about half the area of the current lounge .
her father 's office - her office now - had been relocated years before to an area off the main dining room , separated from it by a paneled hallway with doors opening into the bookkeeper 's office and the manager 's office as well .
gray elliott was sitting on a stool at the island counter that divided the kitchen area from the living room .
beyond the living space was a large play area with a table and chairs at a child 's height , a chalkboard , and what mitchell assumed were long toy boxes disguised as window seats .
a hallway that was parallel to the stairs led from the play area down to what mitchell knew were bedrooms .
then , because he could n't resist the temptation anymore , he got up and walked over to danny 's play area .
this area , where the invited guests were seated , was occupied by people who were very special to mitchell and kate , including the callioroso family .
on either side of the foyer , twin branches of a great , curving staircase swept upward to the next two floors , and a great domed skylight bathed the area in mellow sunlight from high above .
she ought to have a spacious marble bathing room like his own , he had charitably concluded , and a much larger dressing area as well .
there are n't a lot of people in this area of the house , and that 's fine by me .
they ' ve kept most of the large outdoor entertainment area my family built up here , but they ' ve expanded it to include a full bar .
since leaving the parking area at the restaurant where they 'd eaten lunch she 'd had trouble keeping her eyes off dylan .
the warm humid air and smell of chlorine hit dylan when he walked out of the men 's changing room and into the pool area .
excusing himself he retreated to a more private area to take the call .
it consisted of both outdoor and indoor areas .
jake led her inside the airport and through a restricted area , then back outside to the private air strip where their plane sat ready to go .
* * * christopher walked through the glass doors separating the living room area of the penthouse apartment from the rooftop pool .
then she grabbed the bowl of grapes from the refrigerator and carried everything back into the suite 's sitting area where christopher waited .
sara followed callie to the sitting area where a black leather love seat and matching armchair stood in front of a flat screen television .
crossing to the stairs he led her down to the beach toward an area with rented recliners .
lauren shook her head and headed to her own bedroom off the living room area .
a gleaming reception desk lined one wall , while in another area several upholstered sofas were arranged in front of a granite fireplace .
when she stepped out of the elevator and into the reception area , trent 's secretary remained at her desk , her eyes focused on her computer screen oblivious to the flashes of light outside the windows .
` ` please come in , '' he said as he took a step into the reception area and stopped next to his secretary 's desk .
that said , there are some areas where i 'd make major design changes , starting with the kitchen .
trent navigated them toward a less congested area near the railing that overlooked the basin where bonfires would soon be lit .
when she 'd walked into the area though , the smell of greasy burgers , pizza , and chinese food sent her running for the bathroom .
we had sex in every area of the beach house : the living room , kitchen , bedroom , shower , even on the beach .
after a few minutes , we surrounded the sectional area .
i was in complete shock from how quickly leo had gotten everything set up in the party area .
spotting an empty corner , i nodded my head towards a seating area .
mia was n't in bed , nor could i hear her in the bathroom or the living room area .
we all entered the tiny brick home and settled in the living room area .
within the next couple of hours , we stayed in the kitchen , which was also the dining room area , and we surrounded an oval - shaped wooden table .
as i waited for her to finish with her shower , i sat on a chair in the living area of our suite .
after a quick glance around the living area and bedroom , i made my way to the bathroom .
his grey goatee was neatly trimmed and his musky cologne engulfed the waiting area of the restaurant .
i shouted again as i entered a dining area .
hopping out of the car , i hurried into the house , tossed my keys onto the table by the door , and entered the living room area .
marcus sneered as he turned his back on me and walked over to the bar area of the room .
i park the atv outside a pair of large ornate wooden doors leading to the storage area for the wine .
otherwise , we 'd be doing some trekking from the public parking area .
i grab her hand and lead her toward the area where our driver is to pick us up .
i thought we could try it on that area in the southwest corner and see if it does a better job than the old product . ''
we leave the bar and enter the lobby area .
the patio led to the highest area overlooking the sea , a massive terrace garden that was illuminated by golden lights planted everywhere like luminescent flowers .
he gave her a smug look as he seated her , then went to the kitchen area and began preparing her ` ` punishment . ''
he was walking to the sitting area by the windows as if afraid she 'd come apart if he jarred her .
at the sitting area , he set ryan on the ground , gave him every safe article around to play with .
she turned blindly , pretending to inspect the sitting area .
suddenly , fareed appeared at the other end of the expansive waiting area .
her heart seemed to be in a state of perpetual contraction as she saw nothing but roofs jutting out of the water , with higher areas in the path of the torrent becoming instant burial grounds .
when there was none , he prowled into her reception area , shrinking it , making everything look drab and insignificant in comparison , her neat place , herself - life .
they 'd disappeared by the time he reached her , a partition sliding behind them to isolate the dining area where he 'd seated her before going to ` ` arrange matters '' from the rest of the jet .
` ` in certain areas of the palace and its satellites , two days a week , yes .
the feeling of stepping centuries both backward and forward in time intensified as they entered another hall with golden light radiating from henna sconces on warm sand - colored walls leading into gigantic living and dining areas interconnected by more arches .
he led her into one of the living areas .
on the right wing was a sitting area of wine - red couches over acres of handwoven silk persian carpets of complementing colors .
on the left was a dining area for two with a polished hand - carved mahogany round table set with an incredible dinner .
she discovered another mirror flanking the dining area .
after dinner he took her to the suite 's sitting area , served her herbal tea .
she barely heard her condo door slam shut , reverberating the sitting area 's windows , or the masculine footsteps almost overlapping with hers in a staccato of urgency on her polished hardwood floors .
aris sighed as he watched selene lead caliope to the sitting area .
the expansive entrance gave way to an invitingly simple and sprawling living area draped in utility , comfort and soothing sand tones , with a grand stone - clad fireplace connecting the interior and exterior in spatial and visual terms .
at the far end of the huge space that occupied the full breadth of the jet , a folding screen decorated in middle eastern designs of complimenting colors obscured another area behind it .
he led her behind the screen to a dining area with stainless steel - backed , burgundy velvet - upholstered chairs and a plexiglas table for two laid out in stunning hand - painted china , silver , crystal and burgundy silk .
she let him lead her back to the lounge , where he took her to a different seating area , this time sitting on an armchair across from her .
then he threw the thing aside , scooped her up and rushed to the shade of the upper sitting area , placing her on a couch on her side so it would n't chafe against her injury before tearing open a first - aid kit and rummaging through it for a tube , his movements slowing down and gentling only after he produced gel from it and carefully applied it to the sting .
as we stepped out from beneath the overhang of the valet area , the view of the ocean in the distance and a cool breeze helped calm my nerves .
it seemed to be working because i could feel vincent 's gaze slide over my profile as we moved to the meeting area of his office .
we made our way through the small airport to the rental car area .
instead , there were a bunch of modern abstract statues on display , making this place seem more like a showroom than a personal living area .
he moved my chair - with me in it - from the dining table and placed it in the open area nearby .
as brady led me to his play area , i looked around at the house and all the little touches giselle had put on her home .
when we got to his play area , the floor was littered with an array of trains , train track decorations , and even a stuffed conductor .
as clean as the rest of the house was , giselle had clearly decided that brady 's play area was a place where messiness could reign .
brady played with his train for a while longer before he noticed vincent had taken a seat at the play area .
i went to the common kitchen area with my cup .
the whole area was lit by bright spotlights .
my door was open , so i called out a cheerful greeting into the common area .
i took my stuff and went into the common area , plopping down on the futon .
i was sitting on the common area futon after an early cafeteria dinner thinking about what i wanted to do with the rest of my evening when my phone buzzed .
i stepped inside after her and took a seat in what seemed like a waiting area .
she walked out of the common area and closed her door .
we returned to the common area to find daniela gingerly petting another kitten .
i 'll see you guys in a bit , '' daniela said before grabbing a random guy nearby and tugging him to the open dance area .
i looked up at the clock in the waiting area and saw there were still ten minutes left before my uncle was due to pick me up .
stack in hand , i left the storage area and followed hunter and my aunt upstairs .
i looked around the area for something to talk about so we could change the subject .
dr . miller walked us out to the waiting area in front while hunter seemed deep in thought .
seemingly in a trance , he made his way past the unoccupied front desk and to the entrance to the gym area , where the sound of leather hitting leather could be heard .
dr . schwartz interrupted my thoughts when she came into the waiting area .
i watched her work , keeping one eye nervously on the women who had gone to the next stage where they were patted down by a female prison officer before they were allowed into the visiting area .
at some point , the door opened and i was led back out to the visitors area .
searching the first floor , i found my luggage in a small storage area , pulled out a spare skirt and tank top , and went to the bathroom to put them on .
i gestured to indicate the living area we were in .
there was basically the kitchen , bar , bathroom , couch , and a small storage area for luggage .
we walked down the steep bus steps to the living area .
as the curtains pulled back further , i saw it : a giant t - shaped swimming pool , just off the living room area , that projected out beyond the edge of the hotel and over the street outside .
instead , a veritable army of room service waiters pushed a procession of carts through the entrance hallway and into the living area .
i started heading away from the pool area but jax grabbed my arm and looked at me with a frown on his face .
i wanted to talk to him alone , not out in the public areas of the bus .
from the state of the living area , it looked like the rest of the band had been up for a while .
when we got back to the bus , i followed jax into the common area and sat down nervously .
somewhat surprised , i decided to head out of the bus and go to the performers area of the festival .
it was kind of strange for the entire band to leave the bus so early in the morning , but if they were anywhere then the performers area was probably the place .
as i walked across the festival grounds toward the performers area , my stomach twisted in knots .
sky and chewie were standing outside and chatting as i approached the performers area .
listen , why do n't we go get a cup of coffee at the food area ?
temporary partitions with flimsy doors separated the individual band areas .
then i stormed down the hall quickly and from there away from the performers area to the bus .
sky emerged from her bedroom and came into the common area where i sat .
his brow furrowed as he took in the disaster area of the baby shower 's aftermath .
in the waiting area .
it was a large office - he had a complete sitting area along with his work area .
it was a large office - he had a complete sitting area along with his work area .
she stuck to the side of the house , steering clear of the pool area all together .
she spotted a concrete sitting area with an unlit fire pit against the yard 's back wall .
she turned to find her sitting area was n't deserted as she 'd hoped .
she was in video village , the area set up with monitors from all the cameras .
the eating area featured a light brown leather bench curved around a light oak round table .
and there was the sleeping area at the back of the trailer .
` ` there 's four , '' fudge said pointing to an area near the front .
he bid good night to beaumont and the actors still conversing around the table in the cabin dining area and walked into the main room .
then she crossed to the condiment area to dress her beverage the way she liked it .
micah pulled maddie by the elbow into the small lounge next to the elevator , a waiting area for when valet was available .
light bulbs flashed and boom mics bobbed above the photo area at the end of the room .
a white couch and two armchairs created a sitting area around a television showing a live feed of the award show next door .
it weighed on her as she made herself a plate from the catered buffet and then looked for a place to sit among the tables the crew had set up in the docking area .
seth 's work area .
you know how they say actions speak louder than words- '' mouth gaping , she pulled at his arm and dragged him through the doorway and around the corner to the security area .
heather scanned the pool area .
instead , she found herself moving to the round dining area as if under a trance , and bending over with her rump in the air .
seal began helping a group place bright lights around the area , a boom operator appeared to be setting mic levels , a cameraman was cleaning his lenses - it was as if he 'd walked onto a film set .
the minute hudson 's gorgeous backside disappeared into the entrance area , david let out a sigh , reminding me of his presence .
they all had a curved seating area around a table , and fit eight people comfortably .
the bubbles provided a relatively quiet and discreet area while still being very much part of the club .
the theme was echoed throughout the sprawling space , glass walls partitioning off a dining room , a sitting area , and peeking behind half - drawn curtains , a bedroom .
after the concert was over , we walked out with the werners toward the parking garage rather than the pickup area .
our luggage sat at the foot of the bed , opposite a small sitting area with two armchairs and a mahogany table .
he winked as he set the tray on the table in the sitting area .
but our confrontation was interrupted by chandler and four other teenage boys boisterously entering the pool area , dressed in swim trunks and carrying towels .
two armchairs and a long sofa created a sitting area in the middle of the room .
so the first floor is tailored for drinking and dancing while the upstairs level with the bubble rooms and lounging areas is geared more toward socializing . ''
laughter drew my eyes across the roof to a group of people lounging in the sitting area .
chapter thirteen it was only seconds after celia walked out and i had stowed my phone back in my bra when mira stepped into the vanity from the stall area .
this area was even more packed then the decks .
david had pulled the desk chair around to make an easy conversational area .
the center of the club was surrounded by bunches of seating areas .
i circled the small waiting area , pretending to study the art on the walls while stealing glances into norma 's office .
there i could peek out and get a better idea of the situation and still stay hidden from the living area .
she was in the living area .
then there was the press - they 'd been limited to invitation only and were sequestered in an area near the stage , which made them less intimidating .
i opened my eyes and peered around the corner of the foyer toward the living area .
it 's impressive how fast the crew we hired transposed the ceremony arrangement to a reception area .
though i do n't need to , i gesture to the sitting area then take a seat on the edge of the leather couch , crossing a leg over the other .
it was after ten when a bunch of us commandeered a lounging area set up specifically for the party .
at the top of the stairs , i open the heavy door and spot her rushing past the lounge area to the far edge of the space .
in fact , they probably would n't even smell the food from the canteen , as it and the staff quarters were clumped together in the stern area of the ship and hidden behind heavy double doors .
the band was ready , and michaela headed back to her spot by the bar as the drummer 's sticks kicked in one - two - three - four and a jazzy number filled the outdoor area .
doing as he suggested , michaela walked to the end of the corridor , but she had to pass through the heavy blue crew door into the passenger area to get out of sight of anyone who might have remained in dylan 's room .
i mean , she 'd gone into the crew area , through one of those big blue doors , but it had n't closed , and as she went up to a stateroom door someone grabbed her and she smiled .
there was a large old - fashioned , central bar area , surrounded by tables lining the walls .
to my left was a modern kitchen and dining area and to my right a large flat screen tv was mounted on the interior wall and surrounded by an arrangement of a black leather sofa and matching loveseats .
we made it to the da 's office and burst into the waiting area ... just to find all of the interview rooms occupied .
i glanced up at the living room area which was in plain view .
he put bruno in the bedroom and came back into the living room area , shutting off the lights .
i hung up bruno 's leash and headed toward the tv area behind jess , who greeted everyone and sat down next to cam with a smile .
the layout of braden 's apartment was very open but there was a wall that obscured part of the kitchen from those in the tv area .
apparently the vip area was on the second floor .
there were arches on the left and on the right that looked like they led into the actual vip lounge and club area .
behind the central fireplace area there was a modern kitchen , a small bar , and a table that seated eight .
to each side of the central area there were two bedrooms , and every bedroom had its own small private bathroom .
it was n't lost on me that i was a woman trapped in a locked area with a bunch of loose , and possibly armed gang members .
then we went through the door to the main pub area , and the bright lights , crowd and music assaulted me at once .
station , huge bar area and lounge - type seating with lots of small tables and booths lining the walls .
as soon as we were out of the main dance club area , i saw a change in atmosphere .
a few minutes later , we were all released to the main club area .
i reached a central reading area and crouched down behind a bookcase , trying to control my rapid breathing so that the stranger would n't hear me .
we all ate in a private area of the formal dining room that night , and there were plenty of toasts and lots of funny stories .
a few minutes later , mark was helping me out and we were being escorted off to an area where journalists and photographers were waiting .
the break room , copy room , and supply room were all pointed out to her in detail , since she would be spending a great deal of time in those areas .
lexi leaned against her desk and took one quick look around the little area that she had spent the last week getting to know every inch of .
purple hyacinths spilled from the vase , the deep colored blooms filling the area with their rich scent .
the area outside elizabeth 's office was very similar to where lexi worked , with print ads lining the walls .
i walked over to the window in the living area and opened the curtains .
i thought she was going to have a heart attack when she saw the dining area and the five large windows that made up one wall .
i took a seat in one of the plush chairs in the waiting area , picking up a magazine but flipping through it unseeingly .
we walked to an area where there were a cluster of doors and jackson opened one , waiting for me to step inside first and then closing the door behind him .
to the left side was the small kitchen area with a stove , sink , refrigerator , and a small counter top .
a man dressed in all white came to the living area and took our bags .
i got out of bed , put on my pajama bottoms , and walked into the living area of the suite .
the orange stage was where the more popular acts usually got to perform , because the viewing area could accommodate more than sixty thousand people .
the only parking for the tour busses was in the camper area .
the run had become a greater spectacle than usual , as the grounds were muddy from a heavy rain the night before , making the grassy campsite area slippery and muddy .
i thought about my promise to jack not to have men in my room , and justified to myself that i was n't breaking my promise as long as we stayed in the common area of the bus .
the patio smelled of coffee and spice and i looked around the tiny area , recognizing basil and a dozen other fresh seasonings growing .
she got up , crossed the three - thousand - square - foot reception area to the bedroom she 'd selected at random .
there would be partitions separating the top - level dining area from the mid - level bar and the lower - level lounge .
he pointed to another area .
he was so surprised that she was in his reception area , scooping up her briefcase when he caught up with her .
her heart thudded as she watched him drag his weakened leg , leaning heavily on his walking stick as he limped to the first chair in his reception area and collapsed heavily onto it .
from there , the western wing converged into two areas .
he was standing under the arch between the foyer and the expansive sitting area .
the attendant recognized both of them and at once let them into the area reserved for the exclusive establishment 's most elite clientele .
in moments they were walking hand in hand into the avant garde reception area of the showroom of lasalle , one of the most celebrated designers of original jewelry in the world .
lasalle 's face fell as he walked to his sitting area , where shaheen had led her to a love seat opposite the seat he gestured for the man to take .
the moment he came out into the sitting area , she began .
flanking the corridor , the hall continued into two more areas .
the remaining area was a kitchen with a brick oven built into the wall , a sink and a cooktop in a huge island with a countertop of unpolished quartz .
four large , arched windows flanked the open areas , the eerie illumination of the sandstorm seeping through their shutters .
he busied himself around the place , fixing shorted - out light sconces , filling and lighting the oil lamps that maram said she preferred in the sitting / dining area , making an inventory of the pantry 's contents , tagging each .
she 'd initiated another debate as they finished the sitting area , and they were continuing it across the cabin , he from the bathroom , she from the kitchen .
when he was able to cloak himself in his usual venomous smirk , he walked back to the main area .
he stood facing her at the end of the expansive sitting area , in front of the screen where he 'd once displayed their videotaped sessions of sexual delirium as he 'd drowned her in more .
she found him prowling her living area like a caged panther .
he still chuckled as he led her through a meeting area , where staff hovered in the background , to the spiral staircase leading to the upper deck .
a double door led to another area .
before mohab made a rejoinder , the king turned and crossed his expansive stateroom to the sitting area .
carmen smiled at the women who 'd piled the ` ` stuff '' in the sitting area , then gestured for them to leave .
he flashed her a sizzling smile as he prowled to the sitting area , took off his jacket , dropped it to the ground and let his cats walk over it .
at the damask burgundy couch in the center of the sitting area he turned to her , giving her a full frontal assault .
a fireplace presided over the area , its fires leaping in a hypnotic dance , with the other sources of illumination , brass lamps , on every surface .
all bedrooms suites , sitting areas , upper and lower kitchens , formal and informal dining rooms have a sea view .
and that was just what she could see of the foyer and sitting area .
as they passed another sitting area , he turned to her .
this gigantic residence turned out to have separate areas , even though none had any doors since the place was made for one person 's privacy .
one area was in the mezzanine , behind a partitioning wall , which was used as his bedroom suite .
she had n't heard the sound in the sequestered bedroom area .
his heart beat faster as he peered around the doorframe toward the living area with the fold - down bed .
they were shown into a mirror - lined elevator that silently transported them a couple of floors down to a front desk area where a glossy blonde smiled a welcome .
before luis went into the dark reception area , he gave jase a look that was a cross between apprehension and curiosity .
after he filled out the forms , he walked back to the main entrance and scanned the reception area for melvin .
even the private elevator that led to the reception area was lined with padded leather so soft it felt like satin .
he followed luis to the seating area with his eyes still fixed on the aquarium , without causing any disruptions .
hunter sat there staring across the reception area at the fish tank until leck schneider walked out to greet luis .
so luis smiled and said , ` ` if you 'd rather have the meeting right here in the reception area , i ' m fine with that . ''
then he left luis standing there with leck and ran to the other side of the reception area so he could gaze into the fish tank again .
when they were gone , luis dressed fast and walked back into the reception area where leck was standing beside the reception desk .
when they crossed through the kitchen and stepped into an outdoor living area that surrounded an elaborate swimming pool with statues and water features , roland asked jase , ` ` where 's your grandmother ? ''
jase told luis he 'd be right back , then followed roland over to an outdoor kitchen area situated beneath a few tall oak trees .
he pointed to a small structure opposite the outdoor kitchen area and said , ` ` the bathrooms are in there .
the three of them waited to hear news about cory 's condition in the emergency room family area , a long , narrow football field of a room .
by the time a doctor finally walked into the waiting area and looked around , luis was the first one to stand and run over to him .
they had one of those extra - large - obscene and vulgar , in luis 's opinion - flat - screen televisions fixed to the wall opposite the seating area .
the pool area has to be landscaped .
he inhaled and closed his eyes , taking in the familiar aroma of a weed beyond the pool area that always reminded him of chlorine bleach .
when he looked up , he saw donny sitting in a club chair at the far end of the living room bedroom area .
he stood from the chair and walked to where gage was standing in the kitchen area .
gage glanced back toward his living room bedroom area and rolled his eyes .
you walked into the kitchen first , the bathroom was to the left , and the living room - bedroom area was in the back .
but as gage moved forward and crossed into the living room - bedroom area of this third - floor apartment , he noticed that was where everything changed .
there were images of the old floral wallpaper showing through the black paint in certain areas , and there were spots of dried black paint dotting the hardwood floor .
gage walked to the living room area and turned to the right .
after the swim , they took turns showering on a wooden deck in an exposed outdoor shower area .
by the time he returned to luis , he walked into the motor home and plopped down on the beige leather sofa in the living room area .
the main area consisted of a kitchen , dining area , and living room .
the main area consisted of a kitchen , dining area , and living room .
the bedroom was just as dismal as the main living area , with only one maple bed that had a sagging mattress , two maple nightstands with ugly brass lamps , and an imitation shaker chair with holes in the rush seat .
a minute after that , two rough young men walked into the cafe and stood in the middle of the seating area and looked around .
they 'd been putting it off since they 'd moved to cider mill farm and jase wanted to use the barn as a combination guest house and party area .
on his way outside , he saw jase sitting at a round table in an outdoor eating area off the cafeteria .
that 's why luis stopped short when he ran into ashton krause at the other end of the outdoor seating area .
but as he turned , he saw jase watching at him from the other side of the outdoor eating area .
brant had to smile when he made it to the parking area and found the rental car .
she spotted suzy immediately in the airport arrivals area .
as they made their way to baggage claim and then out to the parking area , suzy gave her a rundown .
he flipped on the lights in the reception area before leaning back against the desk behind him .
it was a stupid question because the camera clearly showed her standing in the reception area with dominic .
with emma leading the way , they pushed through the crowded mcdonald 's , making their way to the play area and the rest of their family and friends .
all he knew was that dominic was pointing to the zip line ride , and as mac squinted to look , he saw what appeared to be ava 's bmw sitting in the parking area in front of the tourist attraction .
grabbing her hand , he started pulling her toward their cars in the parking area .
she answered him haltingly about how the man had made her uncomfortable during her meeting and then he 'd followed her out into the parking area , keeping her from getting into her car .
waiting to enter , i studied the number of well - dressed young women sitting around the reception area .
i followed a young , attractive guy down the hall to a corner office with an open , unmanned reception area and another set of double doors that led into lei yeung 's seat of power .
` ` i 'll warn you that i ' m not a great dancer , '' i told ian as he led me over to the area reserved for dancing .
there was a seating area by a window that stretched up to the high ceiling , and the entry into the bathroom was a beautifully simple archway .
` ` kick back , killer , '' denise admonished , rising from the chair her husband had dragged over from the pool area .
she trailed a lazy finger on the wall as she made her way into the storage area .
he rose , then crossed to a marble counter in the middle of the sitting area .
with an exhalation , he started across the spacious area , leaving me to follow .
` ` i ' m pleased you like it , '' he said from the spacious open - plan sitting area .
the feeds were from each area of the house .
antique chairs and tables made up a sitting area off to the side ; a copper tub sat off to another .
when he removed my blindfold , i blinked my eyes , adjusting to the soaring area .
my eyes widened when i saw the monitor that covered the parking area .
the living room / dining room / kitchen area was framed by giant bay windows , but the effect was less palatial and more fishbowl .
large metal doors separating an inner office from ryan media 's outer reception area opened , and the man himself walked out to meet me .
a small seating area was set off to the side , with leather couches and an enormous glass - bubble chandelier hanging from at least twenty feet up .
the spacious atrium was breathtaking , but the office areas were just as lush , with wide hallways , travertine floors , and plenty of natural light coming through windows , glass block walls , and skylights .
we turned corner after corner , finally reaching another smaller reception area lined in windows overlooking the city skyline .
my name was called from several directions , the pop and flash of cameras erupting like a small lightning storm within the press area .
chloe stood and got me a cup of water from the cooler in the reception area , returning with a knowing grin .
the elevator doors parted and we stepped out into a small lobby area .
the section that had been replicated in johnny 's club was a minuscule portion of the room - a small area set back in a recessed corner and obviously meant for smaller gatherings .
without skipping a beat , chloe slipped her arm through mine and pulled me forward as a tall , older gentleman led us from the foyer to the main living areas .
i noticed then that the basement area where i worked had gone quiet .
he smirked and led me beyond an initial , plush waiting area .
an attractive , middle - aged secretary asked from the outer area .
` ` about the office area , '' he broke off to open his door .
on my way to the door that led out through the impressive waiting area , a sound stopped me .
not the office , of course , but the theater and the backstage areas , the costume departments , and even the control rooms .
we have a number of little rooms and areas backstage , but as i showed trevor around , none of them were suitable for doing what i wanted to do to him .
red chairs surrounded it , and a large cocktail area with tables and chairs sat off to the side .
aling mira nodded to each of us and went back to the middle - aged man who stood in a secluded area .
i asked as we passed into the small reception area .
` ` daddy , '' i said when he turned the corner and entered the bright , sparkling reception area .
i gave my hair a quick swipe in the sitting room then went to the area with the sinks and the attendant .
i call behind me as i run into the first - class area of the ship .
so i head back the way i came , to the doorway that leads to the first - class areas of this deck .
that means the attendant will come to make this area ready around breakfast time , if not earlier .
we 'll stay in the public areas of first class .
the door to the third - class area lies directly ahead ; i 'll have to stop to unlock it , and in that time , he 'll catch up .
maybe i can coax him into a quiet area somewhere , someplace no other passengers will be so that nobody will be endangered , and he 'll face less temptation .
i glance from side to side , hoping someone will emerge and force him to back off , but this area of first class has no cabins , only luxuries like the squash court .
though i feel weak from the cold and dizzy from the blow to my head , i dash into the third - class area , back toward my cabin .
in the distance , perhaps outside or in another lounge area , the band is playing ` ` by the light of the silvery moon . ''
cole practically carried her over to a small sitting area in the corner of the room .
melissa 's father called out her name and she headed to the shaded seating area on the sidelines .
ty walked rachel out of the office and back into the front reception area .
he found joe chain - smoking in the smoking area in the side parking lot .
all his life , connor thought as he moved through the waiting room and down the hall to the triage area , he 'd been the steady one .
he grinned at her awed tone as he pulled a couple of bottles of water out of the fridge in the corner where there was a small kitchen area built in .
but even if her son could have played happily in a cordoned - off area of the boathouse while they did the interview , grace had wanted to make sure that they could n't just fall so easily into pretend - family time again .
he took each of her hands in his and lifted them to his lips for a kiss before he started moving them both into the back area of the boathouse .
as he stood there , jaw hanging open , morgan came out of the kitchen area expertly balancing a serving platter filled with roast beef , mashed potatoes , and carrots in one hand .
still smiling with a little too much come and get me , big boy for thomas 's tastes , the hostess led him through the central dining area to more private seating in the rear .
he led her into the richly decorated room , with its open layout that combined kitchen , living area , and bedroom , with a stunning view through floor - to - ceiling windows .
the area the whale is kept is dark and the floor is empty , making it the perfect spot to get away from all the noise inside the museum .
they went through the gate and entered the restricted area where all the drivers kept their motor coaches .
he would have elaborated , but they had arrived in ryder 's living room and kitchen area , and tamara was sitting on the couch , a full glass of wine in her hand , and a forced smile on her face as she chatted with the very young , very skimpily dressed woman next to her .
johnny led her out the back of the med center and they found a bench in what was clearly intended to be the employee smoking area .
tamara was clearly antsy to see her husband elec driving , already flashing her pass and making her way into the seating area of the boxes .
unfortunately , elec was doing the same thing , and as they entered the gated area of the drivers ' motor homes , the brothers came face - to - face with each other .
as she entered the pit area , helmet under her arm , she felt irrationally angry with nolan .
nolan could see the street was still busy , but to the right of the club was an area that during the day served as al fresco dining for a restaurant .
he led her down the hallway and through the glass doors to the reception area to let the clerk know they were there .
was eve 's opinion as they all glanced frantically around the lounge area of the restroom of the hamby speedway banquet room for some kind of receptacle .
taking her firmly in hand , sandy pushed her down into the deep sofa opposite the vanity area , and she sank down gratefully .
as imogen , slim and elegant in her lace gown , moved to the front of the stage area , harley 's sister did n't let her down , appearing out of nowhere and grabbing her .
she set her purse down carefully on an antique writing desk and moved through the living room area with its settees and dark wood furnishings to the windows .
cooper was standing in the doorway to the bedroom and he was peeling his tux jacket off and tossing it on the back of a chair in the sitting area .
` ` over here , '' zane called from the sitting area behind the arch .
zane strode across a gorgeous antique carpet to the main sitting area .
bryan stayed in the reception area long enough to ensure that oscar was comfortable with charlene .
her back bowed off the cargo area 's floor as she thrust her hands into his sun - streaked hair .
* * * i press my fingertips to the ceiling - high glass windows that stretch the length of the main area of the suite .
he pushes away and strolls into the kitchen area .
i run into the front room area and pull my laptop from its case .
i shake his hands off my arms and cross to the kitchenette area .
in the corner of the main spa area is a woman sitting in front of a foot spa .
he turns me in the direction of the kitchen area and pats my butt .
she nods and leads me to the staff area at the back without a word .
` ` dayton , '' he growls , and i laugh , walking into the reception area .
i ' m almost sure it 'll stop beating , and i allow liv to lead me into the hotel and to the reception area .
she walked through the hallway , passing two closed doors , extra bedrooms , she assumed , and entered the main great - room area .
they checked out the conference rooms to make sure they could accommodate pre - game summits ; they needed an even larger area for a makeshift chapel , because many of the players and their spouses liked to attend services .
alex led her to the private , roped - off area , his hand hot and branding on the small of her back , open thanks to a deep plunge in the material of her dress .
the private area was raised higher than the dance floor and bar , and alex whistled over the music .
unsure of what to do with myself , especially since butterflies had once again had taken up residence in the pit of my stomach , i walked back to the foyer area .
i headed into the kitchen area to find him on the phone .
chapter fifteen isabelle : a day of revelations although i intended to find the beach or the pool , a private place to unwind and think , i hit the wrong floor on the elevator and ended up on the bottom level beneath the main lobby area .
elite was normally a glittery club that celebrities wanted to come to - people could see and be seen or request private space that normally consisted of a roped - off table or raised dais area where they could look out around the club - or have others see them and wonder just who they were .
i agreed that the main bar area should have the expected elite feel , but i also suggested separate theme rooms that could be modified for different fantasies .
the sound of pleasure , of sex , of pain echoed from the play areas nearby .
he pointed to an area cordoned off by a blue curtain .
he left the casino behind , entered the hotel lobby , and steered her directly to the office area and a vacant hallway .
ariana glanced up as maria walked into the restroom 's lounge area .
as a group , they trudged back to the pool area .
lexie picked up her purse , double - checked that she had the photo of her grandmother with the restaurant name and address on the back and headed into the tiny hallway and through the den area leading to the door .
coop pulled her toward the messy living area and the couch in the center , settling onto the cushions .
` ` come into the living room , '' grant said and they followed him into a formally furnished area , complete with a grand piano - for show only - and a wet bar in the corner .
sara gestured to the small sitting area with a couch and a desk that angel used to check in guests .
they shot each other a wary glance and stepped into the small waiting area .
some parents kept their children home , and the carnival area was empty .
keeping the harsh reality in mind , she made her way through the room toward the small bar area where pirro played bartender for his daughter .
` ` this place is so charming , '' amanda said , her gaze taking in the small family room area where angel was entertaining .
` ` last one , '' she called out to her mother and beth , who waited in the private showing area right outside the individual dressing rooms .
` ` ready or not , here i come , '' charlotte called and stepped out of the small , enclosed room and into the open area with the queen anne chairs .
roman rolled his eyes , turned , and headed for the living area .
charlotte tugged on beth 's hand and led her to the chairs in the waiting area .
` ` in here 's the sitting area , up those stairs in the loft is the bedroom .
charlotte walked farther into the store , dropping her purse by the counter , and when she reached the dressing area , she reared back from the horrific odor .
` ` well , we 'll have to close off the dressing area and mark the receipts - you can take returns on any item bought today . ''
chase padded across the room in socks , no shoes - one of the benefits of living upstairs - and joined roman in the small kitchen area , where he poured himself a cup of coffee .
chapter eleven roman walked toward charlotte , grasped her elbow and led her to a small table in the corner of the gazette kitchen area .
ever since splurging on a small thirteen - inch color television for nights in bed , she found she enjoyed lounging in her room better than hanging out alone in the living area of the small apartment .
he rose from the comfortable bed and followed charlotte into the living area , greeting his brother with a practiced glare .
left alone , she turned her sights to the work area for her jewelry designs .
no one sat at the reception desk , so she headed deeper inside and paused at the top of one step that divided the entry area from the working one .
pam headed for a small closetlike area , talking as she worked .
` ` have you thought about setting up a jewelry or accessory area inside the store ?
kendall had already taken the slipcovers and drop cloths off the furniture and rick had finished the walls in the entry and living area .
he walked into the living area to find her sitting on one of his bar stools at the kitchen pass - through area .
he walked into the living area to find her sitting on one of his bar stools at the kitchen pass - through area .
because of the open pass - through area between the kitchen and the family room where his bar stools were , rick was able to continue conversation - and watch kendall while she worked .
hannah rubbed her hands together and pulled up a chair to the work area .
he stretched his legs out as far as the small , confined area would allow and glanced at kendall .
although the living area smelled and looked like an impersonal hotel room , when he stepped toward her , he dispelled the cold .
she followed her stepmother to the sofa in the outer area of the suite , the same room in which she 'd heard frank and robert talking last night .
she led sloane through the house , to the kitchen , and out a sliding - glass door leading to a patio area in the back .
chapter eighteen chase paced the floor of the hospital waiting area , along with the rest of the family .
poor mrs . andrews had to escort each one from the reception area all the way down the hall to the boardroom .
i strolled with purpose down the end of the hall , turning the corner to get to the reception area where i stopped in my tracks .
with a clear mind and a loud sigh , jaxxon allowed her curious side free - reign , and was soon stood in a stylish , bright reception area facing an extremely pretty redhead .
he rose and stalked over to where she stood at the edge of the living area .
she stormed over to the kitchen area .
jaxxon 's favourite room was the living area which featured two leather sofas , a coffee table that was actually a varnished sledge , an open fire , and a 42 ' flat , wall - mounted widescreen t.v - dvd with uk freeview and cinema surround sound .
there was a very large , modern kitchen - all marble and chrome and immaculately clean - a dining area with a long slim oak table and chairs to match the solid oak flooring that ran throughout most of the challet .
naturally she and anna picked the most luxurious bedrooms ; both with a gigantic sumptuous bed , modern furnishings , a wall - mounted flat screen t.v , a separate area for dressing , a balcony , and a stylish , pristine - white en - suite bathroom that had heated flooring .
as they waited in the loading area , she saw that anna was nervous .
on re - entering the living area he caught the latter part of dane 's sentence : ` ` ... does n't bother you she 's on holiday without you ? ''
having dumped his gym bag on the floor he went straight to the living area and kissed her .
both she and ollie obliged anyone who was within easy reach as they made their way down the cordoned off area that led them behind the shop floor .
` ` in the reception area , but if you want to do this and you want some privacy we can meet you in my room . ''
i should probably cringe about that , what with all the dirty laundry lying about and the inner workings of my kitchen being transferred to what would normally be the living area .
i spin around and go back to the foyer area .
a flashlight is bouncing around in a darker area of the garage .
my spying routine is interrupted when a redhead comes out through a door separating the waiting area from the offices .
she walks away , disappearing into the back area of the store .
i follow her gaze to the front entrance of our vehicle 's destination , the valet area of the grand hotel .
i expect him to turn right and go out to the valet area , but instead he goes left and over to the bank of elevators .
he pointed to the archway that was across the foyer area where we were standing .
a seating area of chairs and a couch dominated the space i was standing in .
this furniture was nothing like the type in the conversation area in dardennes ' office - those looked delicate and classy .
tony guided me gently out of the plants and into my sitting area , pushing me down onto a chair .
her place was small enough that i could see almost everything from where i was standing , except for a back room that always had a door closing it off from the rest of the main room where her kitchen and sitting area were .
she grunted and nodded , gesturing to the seating area near the one window she had in the room .
he shouted , following me out into the sitting area .
i had my hand on the door when abby 's voice came to us from the garden area .
several utensils dropped onto plates and the table around me , causing everyone from the nearby area to look our way .
he gestured towards his conversation area , which was way too close to his alcohol stash for my comfort ; but before i could complain and offer another option , they moved to comply .
tim flew up and zipped around the area , making zig - zags across the space within a fifty - foot radius of where i was sitting before coming back to join me again .
came a voice from the garden area .
he left my area of the room , flying backwards , blowing a raspberry and flipping me off the entire way .
aidan went to the kitchen area and came back with a glass of water .
chapter thirty - one i wanted to talk more about this disaster of my arch rival samantha being a fate for all the fae around me , and my grandmother being a friggin fate with a zillion tiny soul parts in her closet , but i lost my audience as soon as he spied the wrapped package lying on the table in our sitting room area .
he came up out of his living area when he heard me .
i stood and strode over to the table in the garden area , looking for abby .
the two dragons turned in unison , their wings unfolding from their backs as they walked away from me and towards an area of the cavern that had been behind me .
` ` seems i ' ve heard that before , '' he said , leading me to the door , through my sitting area , and then out into the hallway .
jewell shivered in fear as they made their way to the back of the building , to the area where escorts were picked up discreetly .
real live plants flanked a sitting area where comfortable tan leather chairs , currently empty , sat in a circle .
when the coffee was ready , blake poured them each a cup and , without a word , led jewell back to the sitting area where they 'd been before .
maybe it was because he had n't seemed to be able to think of anything or anyone else but her since the moment he 'd walked into that sleeping area at the escort agency and seen her sitting up in that small bed .
she handed the woman the keys and turned to lead them both to the parking area behind the building .
though mary had arrived quickly , byron made her hang out in the sitting area for nearly an hour before bringing her into his office .
the noise , the crowded front area , the people - everything disappeared except for him and those irresistible lips .
there is a sitting area with bookshelves near a wide window that looks out to the back part of the property and the mountains , and i can just imagine what that view must look like early in the morning .
oh , i could still see her at her station via the bank of security cameras that played out doings all over the floors housing blackstone security international , but the most important one for me would always be reception area on the executive level , forty - four .
she stopped us at a room that appeared to be set up , just as a viewing area in a funeral parlor would be .
` ` hold on tight , '' i said , as we whooped and yelled our way down the grand staircase and into the family area .
hannah looked around the courtyard area of the sweets shop and smiled pleasantly at a few of the other patrons who were now staring rudely at us .
as with everything in this house that damien built , the backyard pool area is a little slice of heaven .
` ` this way , '' he says , leading me down a tiled path that is cut through the carpeted areas that hold the banks of slot machines , tables for blackjack and other card games , craps , and the like .
in the area in which we are standing , the night sky is spread above us , and thousands of small electric lights wink down at us .
the room has a huge living area , complete with a wet bar and a grand piano .
jahn decorated it with as much detail as the interior of the condo , so the covered and uncovered areas were full of comfortable chairs and lounges , conversation areas , and beautiful plants that made this oasis in the sky feel like a park .
jahn decorated it with as much detail as the interior of the condo , so the covered and uncovered areas were full of comfortable chairs and lounges , conversation areas , and beautiful plants that made this oasis in the sky feel like a park .
i closed my eyes , taking a deep breath and forcing myself to shake off the memory before i turned to the left and walked to the covered area .
i found kevin on a wrought - iron love seat near the outdoor kitchen area .
i 'd been pacing the small area between the tiny kitchenette and the coffee table .
all i could see was the dark entry area and the bright lights filtering in through frosted glass doors , along with the twisting cords of colored neon that curved upon the black walls , subtly hinting at the lushness of the female form .
two video cameras were displayed prominently in the area , their red lights glowing steadily as if to underscore the message printed neatly on a sign that hung on the door that led from this reception area to the main part of the club : for the safety of our employees , these premises are under 24 - hour video surveillance .
two video cameras were displayed prominently in the area , their red lights glowing steadily as if to underscore the message printed neatly on a sign that hung on the door that led from this reception area to the main part of the club : for the safety of our employees , these premises are under 24 - hour video surveillance .
muffled music filtered in from the main area , but for the most part , this little room served as a transition between the mundane world outside and the promise of what lay beyond those frosted doors .
the main area was primarily illuminated by the glow of the dancers ' spotlights , which meant that the corners were much dimmer .
finally we moved through the employee area , passing dressing rooms , a conference room , several offices , and the kitchen on our way to the back door .
we sat at the cafe - style table in the breakfast area and as we ate in companionable silence , i glanced around this kitchen that was now mine .
the bedroom abutted an adjacent sitting area complete with decadent furniture , a wet bar , and the most important of all essentials : the coffee station .
that opened onto a dining area , and beyond that i assumed there was some sort of cockpit area , but i did n't see that because evan led me down a small staircase to the next level that consisted of only one giant stateroom .
that opened onto a dining area , and beyond that i assumed there was some sort of cockpit area , but i did n't see that because evan led me down a small staircase to the next level that consisted of only one giant stateroom .
` ` and then when the three got smart , '' he said , leaving the kitchen area and circling the bar , ` ` they learned how to dodge the system .
we were only a few feet from the kitchen area , and he plunked me down on the countertop , yanking my skirt up in the process , then ripping his jeans open so fast i was surprised the buttons did n't pop .
the staging area for the buffet and waitstaff , i realized , though i did n't have long to think about it .
i stepped farther into the living area , trying not to be overwhelmed .
no matter what , time was of the essence , and me and my coffee hurried down the corridor that lead off the south side of the living area .
i let his words sink in , then remembered the sign in the reception area at destiny that plainly announced that the premises were under twenty - four - hour video surveillance .
i 'd already found a circuit , and i went slow until i reached the shopping area on eighteenth street , then made my way back at a quicker pace , taking a few twists and turns so that i could pass by some of the neighborhood 's murals .
there were also darker areas , where a customer could take a dancer to a comfortable chair for a lap dance or , if he was really unusual , a bit of conversation .
i relaxed just slightly as he led me into the employees only area .
we soon reached the end of the hallway , and i found myself looking into a cavernous room dotted with several distinct areas .
` ` does n't really seem sexy enough for one of chicago 's leading businessmen , '' i teased as we exited the hospital and headed for the emergency parking area where cole had parked his range rover .
the patio turned out to be a massive outdoor living area on the roof of the high - rise .
there was a velvet rope blocking guests from entering the permanent area , but i ' ve never paid much attention to rules .
outside , lights mounted on the roof shone down to provide the illusion of daylight , and all around me the area glowed with artificial sunlight and the bright colors of the various pieces on display .
i lifted a brow as he put a plate of bacon on the small wooden table that took up most of the apartment 's minuscule breakfast area .
i maneuvered into the parking lot of a nearby grocery store , then went around the back to the area where the deliveries are made and the employees park .
` ` this really is primo , '' i said , looking around at the classy , well - appointed living area .
there were three other chairs around the table at which cole sat , making a small conversation area .
finally , two plush recliners filled the area in the rear .
of course i 'd recognized both of them the moment the waiter had led us through the cozy malibu restaurant to the patio dining area .
the soft strains of the orchestra had filled the area for the last hour , but now the music had begun in earnest , a traditional march that propelled me and sloane down the aisle to our designated spots opposite tyler and cole .
certainly no one had gone and smashed through this area in the mindless throes of a tantrum .
i looked around , peering through the inky night first toward the railing and glass barrier that overlooked the lake , and then toward the fully stocked kitchen and sitting area .
but this - the ` ` small '' kitchen - was installed as an adjunct to the open area that serves as a venue for entertaining , and since it is just down the hall from our bedroom , damien and i have gotten into the habit of cooking our meals and eating in this cozier , more informal area .
but this - the ` ` small '' kitchen - was installed as an adjunct to the open area that serves as a venue for entertaining , and since it is just down the hall from our bedroom , damien and i have gotten into the habit of cooking our meals and eating in this cozier , more informal area .
the bookshelves line the area that is visible from the massive staircase leading up from the entrance hall .
the work areas are farther back , hidden from view , and it is in one of those quiet corners that i now sit .
damien and i had been chauffeured across the airport in a jeep , then boarded a small , single - engine prop plane with only two seats and a tiny cargo area .
damien had roused me before sunrise and handed me over to two local women who had hurried me into the living area , which had been converted into a makeshift dressing room .
and about this wide - open cabin , separated from the crew 's area by just one thin door .
if i want answers , i ' m going to have to wait , because we are already on the move and we are following our hostess to the dressing room , women on the left of the plush joint sitting area , men on the right .
the main room serves a triple purpose as entrance hall , living room , and dining area .
the living area is on the left , and is furnished comfortably with a chair and a sofa .
just in front of the door - past the four feet or so that can be considered the foyer - is the dining area , which has a truly ugly orange formica table and four mismatched wooden chairs .
the kitchen is to the left of the dining area , and is separated from the living area by a solid wall that one day i 'd love to knock down and turn into a pass - through .
the kitchen is to the left of the dining area , and is separated from the living area by a solid wall that one day i 'd love to knock down and turn into a pass - through .
between the dining area and kitchen are two stairs that seem to serve no purpose .
i ' ve gone about three feet and am transitioning from entrance to dining area when a light snaps on to my left .
i drop down onto the sofa that backs up to the wall separating the living area from the kitchen .
i ' m staring at a stunning , yet comfortable , reception area .
the art gives a soft , welcoming quality to the polished reception area , as does the coffee bar that stands off to one side , silently inviting guests to help themselves , and then take a seat on the black leather sofa .
the elevator rose in the center of the building , and the side we 're on is roughly shaped like a rectangle , with the reception area in the middle , the conference room on one side , and stark 's office on the other .
` ` the office area of the penthouse takes up only half the square footage .
and then the twelve minutes are over and damien is striding into the conference area .
still , i keep the mask on and the act up as i make the long walk across the stark tower side of the parking structure to the area beneath the bank building wherein c - squared is housed .
the area with the mercedes and the cadillac is n't as dark as the corner with my car , but it 's still dim , and i frown as i contort my body and shine the light , trying to look under the two cars without getting down on my knees and putting huge runs in my stockings .
there 's something familiar about the painting , and it takes me a moment to realize its frame matches the ones that lined his reception area .
a moment later , i ' m jumping at the sound of the pop and then the twang of the cork slamming into the metal sign prohibiting glass in the pool area .
the pool area is not beautiful , but the cracked concrete and splashes of water make for some interesting close - ups .
but i stop by the security desk anyway since i have no idea what floor the reception area for stark international is on .
the car stops on thirty - five , the doors glide open , and i step out into another well - appointed reception area , my heart pounding so hard i ' m surprised i have n't cracked a rib .
we ' ve entered yet another reception area , this one done in a contemporary style .
still polished and shiny , but this is a workplace , not an area to kick back with music and a cocktail .
i remember the photos in his reception area .
we 're the only guests on the terrace dining area at the santa barbara pearl hotel on bank street .
18 i hang the leica around my neck , but we leave the rest of our stuff with richard and exit the back door of the hotel , following a path that takes us past the pool , an outdoor dining area , and then the tennis courts .
i ask as i head back into the living area .
it is positioned at an angle to the wide - open wall , and in that area sheer drapes have been hung from the ceiling .
an easel stands a few feet away , and i know that this area has been staged .
on either side of each is a vanity area .
he disappears into the kitchen area , and i grin .
i take it into the living area and try to sit and wait , but i ca n't .
i ask as we walk the path toward the front parking area .
a glossy black one is parked right in front of the reception area .
the house is the size of a small country , and in the unfinished areas , sounds echo strangely , and it 's difficult to tell where to go .
i do , and find myself in a reception area that can only be described as spectacular .
but it 's not a true booth , because if you slide through or walk behind the bench seats , there is an open area between the table and a window that looks out onto the spectacular , brightly lit santa monica pier .
i glance toward the kitchen , but that area is dark and quiet .
i move quickly across the room to the functional but beautiful polished oak door that separates this room from the larger area beyond .
and because the malibu hills are prone to mudslides , i ' ve taken additional precautions and strengthened the area with a buried grid system into which that root area blends .
` ` i ' m right here , '' i call , hurrying down the two stairs , my back to our tiny dining area as i face jamie in the kitchen .
when i ' m done , i do a little spin in the tiny area between the tub and the sink .
i leave jamie sighing and probably replaying last night 's coital gymnastics in her mind , then hurry down the back stairs to the parking area .
the reception area is on the fourth floor , and i punch the elevator call button and wait impatiently for the elevator to arrive .
when i finish navigating the maze of hallways and find myself in the reception area , ms . peters greets me with a smile .
instead , it is an area that is accessed from either a set of stairs near the kitchen or from the small service elevator .
four leather armchairs make up the focal point of the reading area .
i do n't get that far , however , because as i ' m hooking the leica strap over my arm and putting the bag in one of the cabinets , i see damien coming down the hallway from the bedroom area .
there is a seating area surrounding the fireplace , and he leads me in that direction .
probably not the best display of manners to lead evelyn back into the kitchen area , but the truth is that i could use a shot of bourbon myself .
this area can not be seen by anyone climbing the stairs , but neither can i see those magical , sparkling lights .
he holds out his hand , then leads me to a reading area tucked away against the east wall .
it 's the most private area of the mezzanine , and there is no line of sight to the third floor .
i whisper once gregory has moved away and damien is propelling me into the main area .
she gives me a goodbye hug and damien and i sneak back through the kitchen to the service area so that we are n't waylaid by anyone catching us leaving by the stairs .
of course , the landscaping near the structure has only recently been completed , and beyond that perimeter of flower beds and walking paths and picnic areas , the plants still grow wild , though i see that damien has hired someone to cut away some of the brush and install soft lighting to mark footpaths through the undergrowth .
the suite has a living area and a dining area and a separate bedroom .
the suite has a living area and a dining area and a separate bedroom .
he takes my hand and pulls me into the dining area so that we are standing by the large , round table .
i hurry out of the bedroom and through the dining area to the door .
i nod , then head toward the rabbit food area .
i end up with two plastic bags full of various essentials , and after i park my car at the condo , i leave the parking area and follow the sidewalk around to the front stairs .
` ` but that area is crowded , and it only takes one person who gets off on tabloid news calling tmz or some other rag before we 'll be surrounded by the vultures . ''
but it was a nasty fight - and we were at the edge of the roof , an area without the fencing that was by the courts to keep stray balls from going over .
since i do n't know if the paparazzi are clinging like leeches to the front sidewalk , i use the back route to the parking area .
the bedroom connects to an oversized dressing area and a stunning bathroom .
i check briefly in both , though i do not expect to find him , then continue through to the living area .
though the gallery is already full of reporters who have come to watch the spectacle of damien stark on trial , the area behind the bar is empty with the exception of one man in a uniform who stands at attention and will , presumably , escort the three professional and two lay judges into the courtroom once the proceedings are ready to begin .
he stalks toward me and i take a corresponding step back , then another until my back is against one of the pillars that divides the sitting area from the kitchen and dining area .
he stalks toward me and i take a corresponding step back , then another until my back is against one of the pillars that divides the sitting area from the kitchen and dining area .
the pillar with which my ass is now on such familiar terms is the line of demarcation between the living area and the suite 's kitchen .
i ' m about to continue , but we ' ve reached the lobby , and as we step out of the car into the open area , i see ollie leaning against a wall , deep in an animated conversation with a lithe brunette .
i arranged with the property management to install a security gate for the parking area and to enclose the entry foyer .
the parking area is now gated and monitored full - time by security cameras .
since the mailbox is probably overstuffed , we exit the parking area through the pedestrian gate and walk up the sidewalk to the front entrance , with damien rolling my suitcase and me schlepping my carry - on .
the iron bed upon which i sit used to be in the third floor open area , but damien had obviously decided on a more traditional approach when he had the bed moved back to his house .
the house is huge , but i have a plan of attack , and i go first to the library - a mezzanine that essentially floats beneath the third floor , visible from the massive marble staircase , but accessible only by a secret elevator or a set of stairs hidden behind a door off the utility area .
then i deliver the coffee to the security guy who tailed me from malibu and now sits in his car in the office 's covered parking area .
i laugh as we reach the door that opens onto the public area of the club .
we 're in the main area , now , just a few yards away from the dance floor .
i take my time approaching , my eyes searching the area for damien , but i see no sign of him .
the backseats are down and the area has been filled by a mattress .
i scanned the plush lounge area for mona and sighted her easily enough .
swanny stooped to retrieve his bag while nathan and joe raided the kgi arsenal in a room just off the main staging area .
micah shoved a water bottle into her hand and then raid propelled her to her feet and toward the bedroom area of the suite .
a noise alerted her that she was no longer alone , and she swung her gaze upward to see swanny standing in the entryway to the lounging area .
edge opened the door and gestured him in to where the others were gathered in the sitting area of the suite .
she threw him a tempting , sultry look over her shoulder and headed for the sofa in the living area of the suite without waiting for him to follow .
eden 's features softened and she beckoned swanny to sit on the small two - seat sofa in the waiting area of the dressing room .
skylar did a little twirl as edge and nathan stuck their head into the small waiting area outside the dressing rooms .
` ` we 'll have a separate boarding area and separate dining area as well .
` ` we 'll have a separate boarding area and separate dining area as well .
hancock followed eden into the sitting area , swanny and his team close behind .
smiling , eden walked farther into the living area .
moving inch by careful inch , each one seemingly taking hours , swanny peeked around the edge of the wall and into the dimly lit basement area .
chapter 5 gray stepped into cattleman 's bar and grill and headed for the bar area , intent on throwing back a cold beer .
when he walked around the divider that separated the bar from the eating area , he was surprised to see faith sitting on the far side , her legs dangling off the high barstool .
this is the common area , where you 'll find a variety of activities concentrated in one place .
` ` and what happens in these public areas ? ''
for those congregating in the public areas , staff members maintain a presence at all times .
` ` no one in the public areas minds being watched .
the next area featured two couples , one on a couch and the other on the floor , pillows surrounding them .
he cupped her elbow in his hand and pointed with his other hand to an area in the corner .
to her surprise , the maitre d ' escorted her past the common dining area and into a smaller , private club room in the back of the restaurant .
her mother paused at the doorway then pulled faith into the large open area .
there was a four - poster bed with a full canopy , the same thick cream carpeting under foot , an enormous armoire , and a sitting area near the glass wall , two simple but comfortable - looking chairs and a small table , the kind of furniture that is understated but insanely expensive .
the walk - in closet was so big it had its own sitting area : an island with shelves containing all of my shoes and purses , a three - way full - length mirror , and a glass - fronted case containing all of my jewelry .
the door is always locked , and that is the only area that is off - limits to you , '' she said , gesturing for me to follow her .
she took me up an internal elevator to an open area with an indoor pool .
i followed him through the doorway , which led us into a small foyer area and a single elevator .
shane 's brothers gave us space when he pulled me aside and sat down with me in a waiting area outside the gate .
there were several bedrooms , each a separate pod on one side of the house , accessible from a central hallway that ringed the hill , with the kitchen and main living area a level above those bedrooms .
a couch and several chairs were arranged in a seating area in front of a fireplace immediately before her .
they quickly started to penetrate the passages into the bowels of the huge , venerable building , eventually entering museum areas that she recognized .
chapter eight after her shower , she sat nervously on the plush sofa in the sitting area of the bedroom suite , her anger mounting .
i ' m leaving you my tablet to use for studying , '' he said , pointing to the table in the sitting area of his bedroom suite .
he sat on the couch in the sitting area , his suit coat unbuttoned , his long legs bent before him , paging through his messages on his cell phone , his gaze steady on her as she approached .
she pointed at a comfortable seating area just behind her .
he eased down the dim hallway , following the glow of a light shining around a partially closed door that led to the large bar area of the restaurant .
on that night in paris several years ago , she 'd hidden in the rear entrance area of renygat when she 'd realized the mysterious german man was taking his leave , glimpsing only the back of the man as he left lucien 's office .
as she walked over to the designated dance floor - an open area behind the outdoor furniture - she noticed lucien 's eyes gleaming in the firelit darkness as he watched her .
they began to walk back over to the seating area to join jacob , mrs . hanson , lin , and anara .
it was larger than she 'd thought , including a good - sized office , an elegant dining room , and a cozy , windowed breakfast area off the kitchen .
` ` hi , '' elise said , glad to see francesca standing in the bar area , a glass of club soda and lime on the bar in front of her .
it looked much as it ever had : the luxurious seating area before the fireplace , the rare paintings , the decadently rich four - poster bed , the lush fresh flower arrangement behind the couch , this one of white hydrangeas and purple lilies .
she realized a lamp was on in the distant seating area , turned to a dim setting .
` ` come in , '' she murmured , waving toward the seating area that took up half of the large main room of the suite .
she cleared her throat , banishing the thought , and followed gerard to the seating area .
the large bar area of lucien 's restaurant appeared to be hopping with partiers .
` ` and here is where anne and james plan to showcase your painting , '' gerard said , waving at the area above the large fireplace where currently a fine john singer sargent oil of a striking edwardian - era woman in a blue dress hung .
he opened a paneled door that francesca knew led to an area anne had called the reception room when she 'd given her the tour , a formal , gilded room that anne said she rarely ever used anymore .
all she need have done was take the door off the dining room , which led to a staging area for serving , and then some stairs that went to the kitchens .
mr . rappaport pulled a chair up for francesca in the luxurious working area outside the dressing rooms .
he politely provided her with a magazine and a cup of tea , which held her interest , until ian came out of the dressing area , that is , and stood in front of the triple mirrors .
after he 'd finished , mr . rappaport scurried out of the dressing area when an assistant called to him .
he sat on the couch in her sitting area , flipping through her sketchbook .
she was starting to learn that many of the great rooms had a family entrance and a staff entrance , the staff entrance with access to the basements , kitchens , and servant 's dining area .
suddenly , she realized his gaze had locked on her from across the crowded dining area .
had n't ian told her that kam had built a sophisticated workout area in his underground home that took into account his intuitive understanding of the subtle mechanisms and physics of the human body ?
she followed him into a surprisingly crowded bar and eating area .
` ` lin did n't feel well and had to leave , '' kam said to ian without any preamble when he approached the seating area where ian and francesca lounged .
lin followed him when he walked over to the sitting area before the lazily crackling fire and picked up a shallow , decorative porcelain bowl sitting on the coffee table .
watching the bustling proceedings was very different than when i was up in the captain 's area , and i did n't breathe easy until i was beside jeremiah .
music flowed from the bar area inside , and some of the guests there occasionally spilled outside where we sat , but for the moment we were still alone .
peering around the room , we did n't seem to be attracting any attention in the empty outside area , but if the conversation continued that would change .
i had n't really noticed what was happening inside , and found that a wedding party had taken over the bar area .
when the conga line made its third trip through the outside dining area , however , i noticed that jeremiah 's seat was empty .
scanning the murky area outside the dining area , i saw a familiar shape , outlined by the tiki torches , walking alone into the darkness .
scanning the murky area outside the dining area , i saw a familiar shape , outlined by the tiki torches , walking alone into the darkness .
` ` we should get to a public area .
` ` the shopping area is this way , '' she said , turning down yet another of the hallways .
sure enough , we spilled out directly into the main shopping area .
i breathed a sigh of relief when he was hauled away , but still cast a quick glance back toward the shopping area .
as we came inside , i saw that the area was lit with a combination of fire and electricity .
light streamed in , and i squinted down the makeshift hallway into the bright area that was the camp 's center .
stairs and metal gangways wound around the open area , leading to different levels .
biting my lip to keep from smiling , i climbed the remaining stairs and into the captain 's area .
the halls to my area were packed with last minute arrivals and i made it to my office without any problems .
office doors lined the walls and two large glass - encased conference rooms on either corner of the large area .
it had a donald trump feel , more a reception area than an office .
they left the kitchen area and he led her up six steps to the sliding glass doors in the living room that opened to a balcony .
in a flash , she rose from the stool , and made her way out of the pool area , and into an indoor hall , forgetting about the waiter bringing her the drink .
a small coffee bar , boasting fresh - roasted four barrel coffee , a plush seating area with leather chairs and glossy magazines with golf courses and yachts on the covers , a rental car counter , and an information desk .
they walked up the steps and into the open bar area , a truly opulent and unique place that would make the phantom of the opera jealous judging from the crystal creation that hung above the bar itself .
she rushed into the bathroom , grabbed some tissues , and sank down in a soft chair in the sitting area , her head in her hands .
chapter two cassian following stefan and kane out of my office , i met them in the bar area to give olivia some privacy while she read over the extensive contract i required all employees sign .
unlike stefan , my half - brother never bothered with any of the staff , despite the fact that he dealt with the more erotic areas of the club and had more than ample opportunity to try out the dancers , even if it violated the non - fraternization clause of our deal .
as the women and their guests gyrated across the dance floor , i took olivia 's hand in mine and led her up the metal stairs to a secluded area above the action .
my curiosity had been piqued the moment cash mentioned the fantasy area of the club , and even if kane 's part in it was a little daunting , i still could n't help myself from wanting to know more about it .
we walked up the stairs past the third and fourth floors that seemed to function as private areas for club patrons to enjoy drinks and conversation outside the fantasy rooms .
the look of this area of the club was different too .
the entire area seemed more like a suite of offices than a nightclub .
kane stood at the top of the stairs at his usual perch watching all the action in his area .
the bar area looked empty as it always did when the club was closed , and as i walked through i looked for stefan or kane , but they did n't seem to be anywhere nearby .
as i walked down to the bar area , i could n't believe that once again everything in this damn place was put on my shoulders .
mika 's ordering the front bar 's wait staff around behind me like some gestapo brought me back to reality , and i busied myself with getting our area ready for when the party began in less than an hour .
it did n't take long before the area behind the bar felt like a war zone .
as i crouched down to get the area under the bar ready for the night , i looked up to see stefan leaning over staring down at me .
i smiled at the chance to finally get a look at the fantasy area of the club , but stefan had seen kane 's visit too and quickly pushed his way through the crowd to find out why he 'd been there .
the crowd did n't slow down until nearly two in the morning , but when i had the chance , i told lola i 'd only be gone for a few minutes and hurried upstairs , too curious not to take the opportunity to check out the fantasy area of the club .
since stefan had n't assigned anyone before i asked , the area had to be prepped from top to bottom , but at least that would keep my mind occupied instead of having it wander to why suddenly the only real friend i had in the bar had turned me into her competition .
i got to work in my new secluded area and became so involved with making sure it was ready when members arrived that i did n't notice kane leaning against the bar as i crouched down to clean a sticky spot on the floor .
for five hours i waited on members as they prepared to enter their fantasy rooms and after they 'd left them , loving how different this area was from downstairs .
a few of the girls had talked about wanting to take advantage of this area of the club , but even making the money i did at private parties and here on the fourth floor i could n't afford a membership to my workplace or what i imagined a fantasy room cost .
i watched as abbi and the other dancers readied themselves in their dressing area to perform their first dances of the night , most of them calm and almost bored , except for her .
i cleaned up my area and wiped down the bar , thinking mason would come out to say goodbye or something , but he never showed his face again .
as stefan and cash talked about the legalities of our decision , i headed up to my area for one last look around the place i 'd spent so many nights .
i watched as he scanned the bar area and then turned his attention toward the back room where i stood stunned to see him .
by the time he 'd finished showing me the main area of the house , i 'd seen four fireplaces already .
the other three walls of the pool area were filled with floor to ceiling windows along with four sets of double doors that i was sure flooded the area with gorgeous sunlight in the afternoons .
the other three walls of the pool area were filled with floor to ceiling windows along with four sets of double doors that i was sure flooded the area with gorgeous sunlight in the afternoons .
compared to the open and airy feeling of the pool area , this room had a darker vibe .
he walked quickly toward the back door of the pool area before i could say another word .
thrilled , i nodded excitedly and watched him walk off toward the area of the house he lived in .
there was a lounge area on the other side of the room with couches and chairs , so i suggested we move there instead , hoping to turn her focus back to us .
there did n't seem to be a dressing room in this area of the store .
the elevator stopped on his floor , and i stepped out into a greeting area for the firm he worked for as an actuary .
the reception area was modest , with older chairs and a carpet that reminded me of the cream and burgundy print one my grandmother had in her living room when i was a child .
i sat on one of the upholstered waiting area chairs and smoothed my dress over my thighs in an effort to calm myself and dry my hands drenched with nervous sweat .
his voice telegraphed loud and clear that he was uncomfortable , which only served to make me more uneasy than i 'd been just minutes before out in the waiting area .
as i scanned the over one thousand square foot area surrounding me , i tried not to feel intimidated .
a noise that sounded like angry voices hit me as i turned to make my way down to the pool area .
rogers ' area of the house was directly to the left of the stairs to the lower level , and i stopped to listen , straining to hear if the voices were someone in the house or on tv .
he did n't even make an effort to be sly as he watched me muddle through cleaning out twigs and weeds from the garden area .
a seamstress 's mannequin stood silently watching guard in the corner near the south window , giving that area an eerie feeling despite the rays of light that brightened up that section of the space .
i 'd talk to them and tell them how much their father and i could n't wait until we finally got to see their sweet faces , the sound of my words echoing in the pool area .
i turned off the security cameras in the pool area months ago . ''
the nurse chatted with tristan about how exciting our lives would be from now on as we entered the area just outside the nicu , her perky happiness almost too much for me .
the kitchen and dining area were so filled with sunlight because of the wall of windows that gabby gasped with delight , ignoring the smile of satisfaction he arrogantly bestowed on her as he led her to the other rooms .
an office on the ground floor , a living room , a separate area for watching television or listening to music with every conceivable piece of stereo equipment available .
it was done in a soft , buttery yellow and light blue decor , plush chairs and sofas in the sitting area which was separated from the sleeping area with columns .
it was done in a soft , buttery yellow and light blue decor , plush chairs and sofas in the sitting area which was separated from the sleeping area with columns .
as was his habit , he strolled over to a side area where the alcohol was kept and poured himself a drink .
they 're all house trained and i ' ve asked your gardener to build them a fenced area where they can run around in and do their business without ruining the yard .
in the lobby , she was met by a security guard who stepped out of the security area as she stepped off the elevators .
as he rounded the corner and watched her , he cursed under his breath and walked into the tiny den area .
` ` george , i need you to go up to my office and sift through the files in ellen 's area .
` ` after my call , he decided to head up to my office area immediately .
i paid the cabbie and took the stairs , entering an elegantly decorated reception area , which was furnished with comfortable looking sofas and muted lighting .
by the second week , the honduran clinic was up and running again , and the space i rented in the lakeview west area was being renovated .
their tour ended at the back of the house as he led her to the pool area , featuring a large kidney shaped outdoor pool ; lights inside the pool illuminated the water as it shifted colours between blue , red , yellow and green .
a soft seductive melody played from hidden speakers and the pool area was lit by tiki torches along the parameter .
` ` i thought you would appreciate spending some time just ... relaxing , '' he said as he went to the open kitchen area to pour some cola into a glass .
i stopped at the bottom of the narrow staircase , in an area that looked like a living room or lounge .
we walked through a large living space that included a seating area with a huge television , an open kitchen and spacious dining area .
we walked through a large living space that included a seating area with a huge television , an open kitchen and spacious dining area .
rounding to enter the dining area , i was momentarily struck the second i entered the room where i was met by still , clear , grey eyes with gold flecks ; a long , wavy brunette mane ; delicate facial features and the longest lashes i had ever seen .
it was dark , but there was solar lighting surrounding the area .
she was facing the opposing rectangular outdoor pool as her eyes scanned about the area , looking around .
after tipping the room service waiter , we both sat in the dining area with him sitting to my left at the head of the table .
i basically zoomed out of the receiving area and immediately headed straight to the other wing where reiss 's office was located .
drifting into the bar area , i lazily opened the fridge and took out a half pint of chocolate milk .
` ` thank you , but i think i can navigate my way , '' i kindly declined her offer before i strode towards the dining area , scouting for the familiar face that made me feel wretched for breaking his trust and love .
i made my way to one of the doors off the main reception area in search of a bathroom .
david had disappeared from the room into one of the many rooms off the main area .
he shifted in his chair , trying to get more comfortable in the over - lit waiting area .
it was late , the dorm was quiet , but the common areas were still well lit .
but it was n't until ian searched him out in the common area the morning before they went home for christmas that tierney 's hope drove him to act .
murray 's felt like an indoor atrium , with a tile floor , huge potted plants in between glass - topped tables and banks of floor - to - ceiling windows that let natural light flood the dining area .
tierney halted , turning , but then someone came into the reception area behind him .
ian ran a hand through his hair and adjusted his tie , turning toward the men in the reception area and smiling .
it was all one big room as far as he could see , but the lights in the living area were the only illumination , and that area seemed sort of ... anemic .
it was all one big room as far as he could see , but the lights in the living area were the only illumination , and that area seemed sort of ... anemic .
ian caught his eye , glowering , but tierney stalked out of the room and right through the empty reception area into the hall .
the hall to the office was too narrow , but also too long , and the door into the reception area was too tight .
she gave him another weak smile before heading toward the kitchen area , leaving awkward silence behind her .
wandering down the hall , past the info desk and into the common area , he found the poker - playing faction of the ladies who formerly liquid lunched .
andy came out of her office on the other side of the reception area , saving dalton from having to think about it any further at the moment .
tierney said nothing as dalton stepped around the coffee table and walked through the shadowed dining area .
as dalton walked through the dining area and got closer , he revised ` ` pensive '' to ` ` pouting . ''
it was n't a huge restaurant , but there were so many potted plants and bamboo screen things that maybe there were dining areas he did n't even know to search ?
kevin went through first , stepping out into the reception area , where he quickly struck up a conversation with max 's secretary .
three max and i ended up in a little bar area that was enclosed by glass .
back out in the open office area , i heard kevin 's door open .
max 's reception area was larger than our entire office and it seemed like my heels were clicking extra loud as i made my way to the frosted - glass doors that led to his office .
he nodded as he stood and made his way to the bar area of his office .
over by the outdoor bar area .
the plane had a spacious salon , dining area and open kitchen .
i wandered around the kitchen / dining area first .
between the living area and the bedroom was an office space with four chairs and desks .
i found tristan in the dining area of the plane when i emerged from the master suite .
i did n't even notice the interior of the boat , i just walked through the living area and down a few steps , opened the door to the first stateroom i came and flopped on the bed .
the living , dining and kitchen area looked out over broadway and the bedroom and bathroom were tucked away in the back .
the kitchen area was tiny and i squealed with delight when i recognized the stove as the exact same one in rachel ray 's kitchen on tv .
` ` the main living area is on the second floor .
all around me there were smaller areas with glass walls .
inside there were benches about halfway up each side that functioned as a sitting area .
through my sexually frustrated rage , i barely registered that we were entering some sort of medical building and noah was leading me down the hall and into an office area .
no matter ; i happened to know the shop had private dressing areas , and i knew one of the saleswomen personally .
she started to say something in response , but fernanda came back in and started hanging garments up in the smaller dressing area .
he nodded and went over to stick his head out into the waiting area .
this area was well lit , and plenty of people were out .
the inside main area could have been used for anything , from a concert to a car show , but tonight , it was decked out with silk laid tables and candles .
tuxedos and ball gowns , and circling servers holding silver trays of finger food , littered the entire area .
rounding the corner , i entered the living area as rhys dropped his pack , pulled a throw off the back of the couch and tossed the pillow down .
he grins when he sees me approach him in the private bar area , grins like he 's the cheshire cat and he found an alice to fuck with .
i finish my espresso in silence as the dealer who always handles my car steps out into the lobby , his gaze scanning the area before settling on me .
people pack the small area , at least a hundred sets of eyes that could easily wander karissa 's way , but she seems to not care as she sheds her clothes , discarding them at the table beside me , leaving her standing there in a slinky pink bikini that makes her tanned skin glow .
i stroll past him , into the main bar area .
just as i near the area , i hear the woman who had been talking to me speak to a guy on the other side of the bars .
the hospice nurse gives me time for a final goodbye and then walks with me into a private area .
if you would kindly make your way to the lounge area through the rear door to finalize payments and collect your earlier purchases .
stocking up on basic black and navy bikinis and matching bras , i find marta browsing in the clearance area of the store .
there 's a walk in closet , a small oak desk and chair by one of the windows , and a seating area at the foot of the bed , with a loveseat covered in a purple floral pattern , and matching stuffed chair .
when i finish making the sandwich i halve it and put it on a plate , and head out up to the indoor seating area where i know collins is working .
zach gestured to the area behind them .
he opened a door and amery followed him into a storage area .
amery led officer gomez through the rear door that led from her office into the small back area with a steel door that led into the alley .
i 'd also suggest you install a heftier door with a dead bolt between your business area and your living space .
` ` dojo offices and additional training areas take up the second and part of the third floor .
a dining room and kitchen area took up the entire side .
the dojo , for being divided into smaller training areas , seems much bigger than this open space .
he skirted another long floating wall that created a corridor between the living areas .
two bright red club - type chairs were arranged in front of a window , creating a small sitting area .
the kitchen , like every other area in this enormous loft , was spacious and uncluttered .
ronin was staring out the windows in the space separating the living area from the kitchen .
no reception area .
she said loudly as she stepped into an empty waiting area .
but ronin detoured to the windows in the living area and opened them , letting the breeze wash over him .
track lighting hanging from the rafters highlighted the glass shelves holding the liquor bottles on the bar - back and cast muted light over the entire area .
she waited in the reception area for either ronin or knox to escort her to the elevator .
` ` shall we track down the dining area ? ''
the elevator doors opened to a small reception area .
the open area looked like a dance floor at any club downtown .
conversation areas on the outskirts of the floor .
this area was set up like a big barn with stalls .
she 'd intended to go straight to the locker room and change , but she took a wrong turn and ended up in an area she 'd never been in before .
the blinds were drawn in her main living area .
his outdoor spaces designer had assumed he would use the area for entertaining and had set it up accordingly .
the citronella ones from the pool area worked on me .
after she fixed herself toast and eggs , she looked around the cluttered kitchen and living area .
i 'd put his points around twenty and his opponent 's at thirteen , '' he said absentmindedly while scanning the surrounding area .
he did n't find her mainlining coffee in the kitchen or gazing out the windows in the dining area .
then he grabbed his duffel bag and headed to the big room that contained a staging area .
then he retreated to the far corner of the staging area hidden by a curtain and searched for his calm center .
directly behind that area were two more oversized recliners that could swivel toward each other or face the red leather couch along the opposite side .
he led her past the conference and lounging areas .
he looked around the binding area one last time , compiling a mental checklist .
read and understand the rules before you enter the staging area .
` ` miss , i ' m sorry but this is a private area . ''
unlike the unapologetically tacky stage area , the room we wound up in was fairly inoffensive .
i followed marcus into the prison area , and he buzzed me through into ewan 's cell .
tentatively , i accepted it , and he led us to the bright white leather couches on the other end of the expansive main area .
we walked through the entryway and into an open room with a designer kitchen to the right and large sitting and dining areas to the left .
once finished , i prepared two plates , and blake carried them into the dining area .
sid had already moved in his television and gaming systems , which sat in the otherwise bare living area .
i entered the reception area and the same frumpy brunette greeted me with a tight smile and walked me down the hall into max 's personal office .
the maitre d ' escorted us without delay to a table for two that seemed private by way of the wall of wine that separated us from the main dining area .
we entered what appeared to be another private vip area .
she surveyed the main living area , which now looked a lot less empty since the furniture had arrived .
i stepped into the reception area of angelcom , looking and feeling like the fully - funded ceo i was about to become .
i followed him in , stepping into a dark living area .
i left the check on the table and stuffed the envelope into my pocket just as they emerged into the living area .
blake 's younger sister , fiona , ran over to hug me as i stepped into the main area .
she grabbed my hand and gave me a reassuring squeeze as we reemerged into the main living area .
the constant hum of the area beyond will 's small office seemed to grow in volume .
blake led me into the large open living area that joined with the landons ' designer kitchen and an impressive dining area .
blake led me into the large open living area that joined with the landons ' designer kitchen and an impressive dining area .
i rose from my desk and met alex in the main area .
i moved to the dining area with my warmed food .
he looked into the main area , a new activity beginning to take shape where the other had ended .
i brushed an errant tear away before emerging into the main area .
a large , bright white kitchen sat to our right and an expansive open living area to the left .
a small living area comprised of a two - burner cook top stove , a mini - fridge , a microwave , a sink , and a table and bench seat which sat four .
a metal ladder led to an area with a low hanging ceiling and a king - sized mattress .
they picked up a bucket of fried chicken and all the trimmings and ate the meal in the picnic area outside the motel .
channing leaned forward when she saw trevor and edgard in the holding pens , working their ropes , circling the area on their individual quarter horses .
he crawled up in the sleeping area .
he unlocked the back and threw his bag in the small tack area , and motioned for channing to precede him into the living area .
he unlocked the back and threw his bag in the small tack area , and motioned for channing to precede him into the living area .
as she stood below the pop - out metal step , she heard a loud thump inside the living area of the trailer .
by the time they unwrapped the sandwiches and set out the rest of the food , trevor was back from exercising the horses and colby had shambled down from the sleeping area .
she peered at the sleeping area .
in the family area , callie stood and waved her over .
colby led them through a cordoned - off area to a small , airless room underneath the main grandstand .
she skirted the area where gemma was fending off cash and ran straight out the door .
she knew if she tried to sneak back in the contestants ' area without a pass , she 'd get escorted out by security .
she let gemma lead her into the parking area .
she 'd hidden herself away in a tiny lounge off the main family waiting area .
gemma cut through the contestant 's area , steering clear of the motor home , which housed the rodeo headquarters .
she made a pit stop in the bathroom and wandered into the living area .
carter might keep his living area immaculate , but his workspace resembled a pigsty .
while carter doffed his clothes , his gaze swept the kitchen / living area for an item he could use .
the sitting area directly in front of the fireplace grate was constructed of slabs of slate .
since a large chunk of their paychecks would go for childcare , i set up an area onsite and have them care for each other 's children so they can keep every penny they earn . ''
outside the horse trailer , skylar started toward the picnic area where eliza was and kade snagged her elbow .
he paid for two drafts , gesturing for her to precede him into the seating area .
chapter seventeen kimi bounded back to the seating area where skylar hung on the periphery .
as he crossed the living area , he noticed india 's bedroom door was ajar .
as colt led her back to the table , they passed a walled - off area she had n't noticed .
without another word , india led him into an open area in the living room and she stood behind him .
new appliances , pine cabinetry , bigger windows and tile flooring showcased modern amenities , yet the eat - in breakfast bar uniting the two areas retained a rustic , country feel .
she watched david 's knife flash as the scents of onions and green peppers filled the prep area .
they wove through the cardboard boxes of produce stacked in the prep area .
he propped his crutches on the support beam that framed the breakfast bar area and leaned across the countertop .
in the kitchen area , she sat across from jack at the small dinette set .
since gina had forgotten her purse in her room , keely waited in a quiet reception area around the corner from the main bank of elevators .
once they reached the patient pickup area , ginger debated on how she 'd climb into kane 's monster truck .
i ca n't make them wait in the reception area while we 're going at it on the floor . ''
the kitchen and living areas were in the front of this trailer .
the space had a living area with a big picture window , and a loveseat and a chair .
jack dragged the two hundred suitcases into the main living area .
he passed a cramped living area and froze by the miniscule cook top when he noticed two naked forms .
brandt whipped a u - turn and followed the bumpy trail from the public parking area back to the campsites .
` ` in the contestant area .
they walked to the concession area in silence .
` ` they have a separate area for contestants ? ''
` ` do i go to the contestant area and they 'll let me back there to find you ? ''
` ` the contestant area is for contestants only .
chase waved to the crowd and disappeared into the contestant 's area , switching out his helmet for his battered ball cap .
chase snagged his equipment bag and exited the contestant area .
` ` so i can get access to the rodeo contestant area to videotape bull rides .
he blurted , ` ` will you leave the contestant area with me tonight ? ''
he paid his entry fee and headed to the designated area .
the contestant area is back there . ''
ava slipped on her press pass and entered the restricted area with chase and ryan .
after chase hefted their luggage , ava led him to the area where private transportation companies waited .
a sitting area faced the city side .
at a loss of how to deal with his reaction to their economic disparity , she retreated to the opposite sitting area .
i thought about having you meet me at petra 's , but that would n't be fair ... '' ava 's eyes narrowed on him , sprawled in the sitting area , in his boxer briefs , drinking a beer and watching classic espn .
` ` a living area with a kitchen and a bathroom .
other chairs and loveseats separated the outer space into individual seating areas .
there are two public rooms , not counting the main bar and lounge area , and nine private rooms .
after he did n't find her cooling her heels in the bar area , he scoured the entire club for her .
an eat - in countertop separated the kitchen and conversation area , comprised of two leather recliners facing a wood stove with an antique trestle table centered between the chairs .
she was surprised ben followed her to the small laundry area .
everyone wandered to the tv area instead of the bar .
tell slipped on his judge 's vest and pass , heading to the livestock penning areas to inspect the rough stock .
the space had been decorated with western touches - fake cowhide print chairs in the reception area , a coffee table crafted from logs .
with mocha - colored walls and plush carpeting , the area embodied a sense of calm .
chapter three late saturday afternoon gavin pulled into the parking area of the former sage creek bed and breakfast .
another comfortable lounging area stretched out in front of the windows .
the parking area was packed and marin ended up parking in the pasture across the road .
but i will remove all my breakables out of the great room and any other areas the wild mckay clan might vandalize . ''
he clutched her hand , followed her blindly as she led him to another small waiting area .
trevor cut through the large living area to the hallway leading to the bedrooms .
the master suite had a king - sized bed and a sitting area .
` ` then we could finish the basement , wall off a bedroom or two and turn it into a kids ' area , since our dining room and living room are bein ' overrun with toys . ''
we 're conscious of kids overhearing when we 're getting down and dirty , so creating a separate area would give us privacy . ''
jack did n't make it past the first reception area before he was surrounded by mckays , who all talked at once .
` ` let 's go to the surgical waiting area .
the living area did n't have a stick of furniture .
the three of them wound up in the reception area .
a couple of people in wheelchairs parked outside the reception area stared at them with vacant eyes .
and he insisted you come out to the reception area . ''
an eating area with a counter and barstools .
he snagged a beer and a can of premixed margarita mix out of the fridge in the bar area .
dalton towed her to the living area and lowered her to the big couch .
since he usually cooled his boots in the reception area , he could ' ve overheard the project info from any number of sources .
when the nurses asked if he wanted to speak with his family members gathered in the main waiting area , he said no .
her stomach flipped when she heard the rumble of his truck enter the parking area .
` ` this same parking area around seven ? ''
in the corner , she 'd pushed the twin beds together , making a decent - sized sleeping area for herself .
her closet and dressing area was in the opposite corner behind two floral sheets .
they 'd been so wrapped up in each other that they 'd rolled around on a blanket at a picnic area .
he stopped and studied the living room and kitchen area of the trailer , wondering what it 'd be like having carolyn living here .
once inside the main living area , carson noticed cal had placed buckets everywhere .
he 'd made a list of people who he 'd welcome in the icu waiting area : anyone with the last name mckay or donohue .
he pointed out the front area .
and the table folds down so it can be a living area or an extra bed . ''
he quickly dresses , and i ' m pleasantly surprised when he takes my hand , pulling me behind him from the bedroom and into the living room area .
floor - to - ceiling windows make up the living and dining room areas .
two cream - colored leather sofas provide comfortable , but modern , seating areas in front of a large fireplace .
chapter four lucian i pace the smoking area as i inhale and exhale , hoping it 'll calm me .
i do not bother to protest when he walks through the living area and straight to the bedroom , sitting me down on the bed ; my body is still weak from both the trauma and the battering it sustained .
` ` i do n't care if you 're her god , you 'll have to go back to the waiting area .
i lose it again when i hear cindy scolding him for his language from the reception area .
the lack of clutter in lucian 's apartment means there is n't much readily available on tabletops , so i move on to the bar area and start grabbing the crystal glasses and decanters there .
you 're fucking right i need it , i think to myself as i continue to destroy the bar area .
lucian is dressing when i step into the living area to find my phone .
she is leading me toward a plush waiting area when a tall , blond - haired man , who looks somehow familiar steps out of the double doors behind what i assume is the receptionist desk .
but he was n't listening , because he was too busy typing on his smartphone in the office area on the other side of the kitchen .
she slipped a sundress over her head and tied her hair back in a low puff before venturing out into the common area where nathan sat in the living room with two silver - haired men dressed in suits .
she took the dresses from him and laid them out on the couch in the living room area .
after her first day in the cooking area , directing the servants to where the herbs and spices she could distinguish by smell might go , and speaking as best she could what should go in the cooking pot , the servants set forth a stew so pleasurable to their mouths , his family gave his mate great cheer .
inside , she found a spacious hotel room with a separate living area that provided a spectacular night view overlooking lake michigan .
she threw down the sheets she 'd been folding and ran to the reception area .
they were mostly hidden behind the brick wall separating the bathrooms from the main dining and bar area .
luckily there were n't any obstacles in his way , and he stopped when he felt the sunlight on his face from the windows he knew from experience sat just beyond the sunken den seating area .
that seating area , sam noticed , was just wide enough to sit on - but not wide enough to stretch out on without fear of rolling off in the middle of the night .
after an extremely awkward dinner , she opened the upper compartment above the seating area and found what appeared to be a plush lap blanket in a neat fold .
hunter remained completely still and silent as tate pushed the stretcher through the bustling areas .
the area was lit by antique oil lamps that cast an eerie glow against the white stucco walls .
he led amanda down the semicrowded retail area until they reached a small boutique called dream dolls and accessories .
shrubs obscured most of the walls and tall plants blocked the streetlights from the area .
he entered the darkened area to find six daimons attacking four humans .
sunshine led wayne through her loft to the area where she 'd strung tie - dyed pink cotton fabric along a wire to seal her bedroom area off from the rest of the large room .
sunshine led wayne through her loft to the area where she 'd strung tie - dyed pink cotton fabric along a wire to seal her bedroom area off from the rest of the large room .
it was another area sectioned off by a hanging curtain .
talon glanced around the loft and noted that the entire area was littered with framed and unframed art .
its back section was equipped with a steel passenger area that kept sunlight from touching the dark - hunters .
the whole area was crammed with dancers and people who wanted to hear the howlers sing , and with women who wanted to ogle the gorgeous band members .
on the public side , it looked like a greek - history site , but there were password - protected areas .
so she and kat spent some time trying to hack into the private areas , which proved to be even more impossible than breaking into the government 's servers .
kat was just down the hall in a small waiting area where she was reading a kinley macgregor novel .
so what goes on in the private areas ? ''
she left the bathroom to find him sitting fully clothed , except for his bare feet , in the recliner in the sitting area .
her group stepped out into a central area that was probably the size of a football field .
there were openings all around that showed more corridors leading to other areas .
there were all kinds of shops in this main area , except for food vendors - a service the apollites would have no need of since they lived off each other 's blood .
kat opened the doors to the bedrooms and bathroom that were off the main living area .
he kicked his way back toward the area where fang was being held down .
vane lifted the back section of the bar 's countertop and let himself into the serving area .
as vane neared the swinging door that led out to the bar area , it was slung back .
forcing himself up , he pulled on his pants and zipped them , but left the button undone as he wandered into the kitchen area .
when he pulled back , she found herself standing in the shadowed back area of the french market , a few feet from the legendary cafi du monde .
` ` there are three bars here and an area called the library .
the stage area was liberally painted black with odd splashes of gray , red , and white , and the billiard tables looked as if they 'd survived many a bar fight in their day .
the bar area to her right was occupied by rough - looking men drinking beers and yelling at one another .
she could see a wooden stairway before them that led to an upstairs area , but she had no idea what was up there .
she found a small hallway that led to the restrooms and to an area marked : private .
at first she thought the men might have gone into the private office area , until she heard voices drifting out from the men 's room .
they appeared to resent her presence there in the bar area , but she could n't imagine why ...
with wren 's animal strength , he could easily jump back up to the spectator area above their heads , but that would most likely clue in the people watching them that he was n't quite human .
she paused as she reached the door to the office area .
he entered the reception area one step behind his receptionist , who returned to her seat .
she pushed open the door to walk into a brightly lit reception area .
releasing a relieved breath , she turned to see jimmy motioning for her on the other side of the door that led to the employees only area of the shelter .
wondering why the door was n't locked , susan followed him down a short corridor , toward an office area .
trying not to think about how many people had lost their lives because they 'd foolishly ventured here for a drink with their friends or a one - night stand , ravyn opened the door of the club and came face - to - face with a huge apollite who was waiting in a small foyer area to check ids .
the woman took them past the bar area , through an industrial kitchen , to a narrow door that opened onto a stairway for the basement .
i want to make sure they do n't venture into the wrong area and disturb a certain goddess .
his face turned to stone before he got up and jumped over the small chain that separated the cafe area from the street .
oblivious to it all , sin walked through the area with purpose , heading toward the gaming tables as if he knew instinctively where to find his enemy .
simone shook her head at him before she pulled out her flashlight and headed to the area where she 'd seen the body photographed .
after a quick search , i learned he was out in the training area watching as styxx practiced his sword fighting .
artemis stayed by his side as he purchased their seats and led her to an area that was sectioned off from the peasants .
because of the lecture that was going to start in a few minutes in another part of the parthenon , the statue area had been closed off .
it was also an area where he would hopefully never lay eyes on his brother again .
there were three levels with sections set aside for a bar area , a billiards section , a stage and dancing floor , and a restaurant .
not wanting to be alone where thoughts of dimitri and worry for her team made her ache , she left the room and headed into the bar area , seeking distraction .
katherine pointed over the banister down to the stage area .
apollymi left her dark garden with a swirl of fury as she teleported from her area of the palace to the hall where stryker held court over his daimons .
phobos stepped over to the large window that looked out from the office into the garage area where men in gray and blue coveralls were working on various cars .
wanting to put distance between them , she headed out the door , into the bar area where the human waitress , cherise gautier , was filling drinks .
aimee carefully made her way from the bar area to the tables in front where the dogs had taken refuge .
they must have teleported into the top floor that was reserved for that sort of activity - it was an area shielded from humans so that they 'd never suspect what sanctuary really was .
varyk looked past dev to the upstairs area .
the demon wandered off toward the mirrored bar area .
without a word , urian drifted around the game area .
the small area she stood in was packed with creatures possessed of sharply pointed teeth .
the bat tower was the pet name of the bellsouth building in downtown nashville where the bad offices were hidden under the guise of a bellsouth department door in a secured area of the building that no one but their people could access .
the lower deck contained two sleeping chambers , a crude kitchen , and a common area .
still nervous and unsure , sumi glanced around the small group of men standing in the main cargo area - darling , fain , ryn - and of course jayne .
you will find shahara , jayne , desideria , illyria , and devyn in the pool area with an irritating mecha i do n't like .
looking down on the other side , she smiled as she saw in and around the giant pool area where a little girl and devyn floated on rings , while their mothers pushed and pulled them .
she grabbed a long staff and headed for the unpadded fighting area .
dancer set her right beside the pool and sand area where the kids were playing .
while he 'd seen the royal abode thousands of times in his life and had toured the public governing sections as part of a school trip decades ago , he 'd never dreamed of seeing the private areas .
` ` wow , '' he breathed , looking around at the elegant and spacious area .
she took it and led him into the restaurant and then to his complete confusion , through the double doors and into the commercial kitchen area .
as ture headed toward the main cooking area , maris turned back to anachelle who watched him curiously .
he needed to stay in case they were in a low reception area while en route to the hospital .
devyn pointed to the red area on the ship 's schematics .
without a word of greeting , she followed him down a series of locked and guarded hallways until they entered the detention area .
traysen swung open an armored door which led to an underground area .
pieces of electrical equipment were strewn about , but the underlying areas were basically clean .
it took a few minutes to locate him in the crew 's rest area .
shahara paused at the lift area while syn continued past it .
standing up , she paused in the small area between the couch and chair until he looked up at her .
` ` this is the kitchen , '' he said , showing her the huge , gleaming white area to the right of the door .
the bare , tan walls kept out the noise of the clientele in the bar area fairly well , but every now and again a loud laugh or shout would interrupt their quiet .
with that single thought burning in his mind , he made his way back through the restaurant to the area where his parents had the bastard cornered .
dante headed out of the vendors ' area , toward the escalator .
jeff nodded again before he dashed down to where rafael 's bedroom and living area were .
as a rule , she avoided the bar area and stayed in the hidden hospital that was attached to it .
as soon as he entered the small office area , he saw margery , carson , and sasha waiting for him .
carson stepped to the back of the office where another door led into the hospital area .
they 'd popped into the third level of the limani - the area that had been designated for those teleporting in so that no one would see them - and were now trying to get the lay of the foreign landscape .
they had just entered the area when sam caught sight of heather standing beside a table with a guy dressed in a leather motorcycle jacket .
no wonder they annoy me ... she paused at an electric gate , which ran between the brick building and a long warehouse and closed off a wide driveway to the rear loading dock area .
when she reached the back lot , one security light above her head shed enough light for a human to easily navigate the enclosed area .
the reception area was on her right , two long strides away .
inside the glass doors , she walked straight ahead down the hallway until she reached the examination area , where medical examiner beaulah layton was dissecting a cadaver on the other side of the glass window .
when the elevator stopped twenty feet belowground , she mentally flipped the toggles in reverse and pushed her bike into the twenty - by - thirty - foot garage area of her private world .
shutting the door quickly , she hurried through the concrete hallways to her garage area .
several box trucks had been left in the bottom level of the parking area near loading docks .
an area available only via keyed elevator access explicitly for belador use .
quinn took that opportunity to walk past tzader into the living area and the bar .
if i tried to teleport us from here and the maze shifts something solid into an area i remember as being an open landing , we 'd die .
she turned to tristan , immediately calculating the best way to slip him and the other two alterants out of the subway area before a threat to all of them showed up .
rolling his eyes , storm muttered , ` ` vendors , '' and led evalle back toward the area of congestion , where he should find the domjon .
she tilted her head at a spot behind her near the outer perimeter of the event area and ordered bernie , ` ` wait for me by that tree . ''
quinn paced to the dining room area .
she hid in a very small area at the rear of the suv and did not have to cloak while evalle drove .
i see two fighting arenas ... theaters , '' she corrected herself , calculating the stadium seating around the two battle areas to accommodate an easy thousand .
` ` individual waiting areas to keep the fighters separated and allow them a place to be healed out of view . ''
opponents have five minutes to move to respective holding areas . ''
evalle asked storm as they headed toward the holding area .
at the entrance to the holding area for battle theater one , a spartan guard waited until dame lynn appeared in his hand and said to evalle , ` ` you 're in holding area one , room seven .
at the entrance to the holding area for battle theater one , a spartan guard waited until dame lynn appeared in his hand and said to evalle , ` ` you 're in holding area one , room seven .
when she reached area one , she stepped inside a pristine room , where beige marble walls and floor dominated the space .
upon further inspection , evalle found another area with a short wall of yellow lockers .
after pulling her hair into a ponytail , she walked out to the central area where storm waited .
tiny lights sparked across the dome - shaped area that rose to fifty feet above her head , defining the ward boundaries .
her opponent ducked his head even though the gate area had ten feet of clearance .
she headed for gate two , catching a glimpse of storm in her peripheral vision before he disappeared in the direction of the entrance to the holding area .
he said nothing as he walked beside her while she limped to holding area one , room seven .
storm slowed when they reached the area where lanna sat with her legs pulled to her chest and head down on her knees .
cursing , he opened the door to her holding area .
the minute evalle stumbled into the room , storm kicked the door shut and lifted her in his arms , heading toward the shower area .
before she could turn around , the pole was snatched from her hands and a hit of power shoved her sixty feet across the domed area .
toward the access hall for the holding area and this battle dome .
` ` our contact tells me the coast of the island is heavily guarded , but he will open an area one hundred yards wide for kizira and our army of gryphons to enter . ''
the area was decorated with a subtle flair , rich colors and fabrics of obvious expense , but it was uncluttered - aside from a pile of smashed marble and various shattered vases .
racks of costly garments lined the walls in the living area .
decorated in shades of cream , the room was so spacious it was divided into study , sitting , and sleeping areas .
as elizabeth surveyed the open living and cooking areas , lothaire tried to see this place through her eyes .
though the potion base bubbled at the ready , the kitchen area was empty .
as they neared the burial area , the stench became overwhelming .
they entered a warm , damp area , and the gears whirred once more .
the area was lit with ... sconces - basically raised glass bowls where luminescent jellyfish shuttled in circles .
` ` on the other side of skye hall is the bastion , an area where we eat and socialize .
the few pieces of furniture were no - frills - a table with a couple of backless benches , additional benches in a sitting area .
he led her back inside , heading for a sitting area .
lucy has managed to walk into the triage area without anyone saying a single word to her .
the outdoor dining area is protected by low - slung glass so as not to hinder the view because wow ... what a view it is .
` ` i ' m going to get dressed , '' she announced , and headed for the door that led to the small changing room attached to the training area .
in reality it was a clean two - bedroom with a small living area , a ton of bookshelves , and lots of photos on the walls of famous surfing spots .
they made their way through the crowd to the area where the tables were , only to find that their table was already half - occupied .
it was clearly intended to be an area where the building 's eventual residents would socialize .
` ` and something unusual , '' she said , heading for the fragrance area .
i quickly eased the door open and stepped into a dark storage area .
chapter 10 daemon they let me clean up in an empty communal area .
besides the bathrooms , it 's the only area in the building free from watchful eyes . ''
` ` no , ma'am , but this area is closed to all personnel that do n't have clearance and ... and to guests . ''
half expecting someone to jump out and point a gun at our faces as we walked into an open area of the ninth floor , i held my breath .
nodding , i took my change and the key to the room and headed over to the gift area .
numerous medium - size palms lined a quartz - embedded privacy wall , creating the perfect shaded area .
ignoring her , i headed through a sitting area and then took the steps two at a time .
he moved to a small kitchen area and opened up a cabinet .
taking my goodies and holding them close , i started toward the living areas but veered off in the direction of the library .
he 'd already moved forward , heading for the area near the hoopless basketball pole .
the area where i 'd been tied down was scorched black from the fire that had claimed roth and paimon .
as he gathered up the plates and took them into his kitchen area , i lay on my back and patted my stomach .
the man led us around the bar , to an area of the club that was somewhat secluded .
the couch looked empty until we moved to the area that was open .
the dining area is open to the living room , but the kitchen is separated from the living room by a half - wall .
chapter thirty miles six years earlier we quietly walk to an empty waiting area .
he had brown hair that looked like a rich , warm color under the brighter lights of the bar area .
with long , graceful steps , he disappeared back by the pool tables , heading into the kitchen area .
the bar was n't too busy , but as thursday evening rolled on by , the seating area filled up , and because i was slow , i moved out from behind the bar .
jax moved to where i stood just inside the dining area .
jax had to stay out in the waiting area while a young nurse led me into his room .
i turned away , moving into the dining area .
i quickly changed into a pair of cutoff sweats and a long - sleeved t - shirt before walking into the living room and kitchen area .
the house was small , so these two areas flowed into each other in one large , open space .
upstairs , we walked through a large open space that could be a sitting area or even a game room .
if you 're gon na stay , go sit down in the waiting area with everyone else , '' rush told his sister .
chapter 21 i can barely hear anything with the blood rushing into my ears as i watch my new landlord lumber through the common area with kacey and livie trailing behind , pink suitcases bumping along the path .
i scanned the other benches in the area to confirm that all of their seats were also wooden .
luckily , this was n't the average closet condo and my room was far from the main living area .
a cursory scan found several fledglings occupying the sitting area with fresh kills , festive gold and silver decorations a perverse backdrop against the splashes of crimson .
management requests that you wear proper attire in the lounge area .
after paying the fees , having my gun approved for the field , collecting our rental equipment , and signing our life away in waivers , i managed to get nicki away from the registration area while we wait for lina .
he strolls over , making a point of sidestepping an area on the floor instead of walking straight to me .
the crowd thins the farther we go , until we ' ve reached a section with five alcoves and one roped - off area .
to the right is a seating area with two wicker armchairs flanking a simple woodstove , a tidy small pile of wood next to it .
i climb out of my corolla and walk through the double doors into a clinical reception area with cheap industrial floor tile , chalky walls , and a cheesy poster of a blue porsche racing down a road pinned to the wall with tacks .
* * * ` ` it 's finally starting to feel real , '' chad said , looking around at the construction area .
lei bypassed her desk and settled into one of the gray club chairs in the seating area , looking younger with her hair hanging straight and loose , even with the wicked cool streak of silver .
i glanced around , worried about her privacy as other employees passed through the reception area .
despite the multiple seating areas that might have invited guests to sit and stay awhile , the progressively contemporary , cutting - edge design kept visitors from getting too comfortable .
megumi leaned over the low coffee table that filled the center of the rectangular seating area we occupied .
i gestured toward the seating area .
i slid the hat back on his head and grabbed his hand , leading him around the little metal fences cordoning off an outside seating area from the pedestrian traffic .
the apartment 's small and meagerly furnished , with a green and white tiled kitchenette area lining the back .
i wait in the commons area , no doubt with a stupid grin on my face , while trent runs into his apartment .
inside is a small dimly lit space with a black lounge chair and mood music , different from what plays out in the main club area .
we round the corner into the dimly lit main club area .
snap ... like stage lights , suddenly a rush of light pours down over the area , illuminating the horrific scene within .
reagan continues on , cutting through a crowd of guys - grinning at them as we pass - until she reaches the covered patio area near the house , where a giant man with a gray , neatly trimmed beard and round belly - her father , i presume - stands next to connor .
i ' m fully dressed again , running down the steps , and making my way out into the bar area , when i realize that i did n't pick up a single bill off the tip rail .
charlie lets out a shriek and jumps back from the sink area , tossing a small cleaning brush away , together with the bleach .
he was n't out there when i left the bar area to get changed .
the lanky guy quickly vacates the bar area with a nod and a sheepish smile .
i can see through my window that she 's stretched out on a lounge chair in the common area , suntanning .
that is , until i see tanner lumbering through the common area in his requisite plaid shorts and too - tight t - shirt .
the coughs and poorly muffled laughter from the couch area confirm that no one is buying that .
i grunt in agreement , taking in the stunning stone patio area that overlooks an enormous oddly shaped pool with several alcoves .
trying to appear calm , i let my eyes roam the lobby area , looking for something suspicious .
she folded her arms and walked past him into a new and unexplored area , where the german dolls ruled .
he rose from the desk , bidding the young leslie to keep her chair , and moved across the spacious sitting area and down the hall to his bedroom .
before i followed pam into the large open living room / dining room area , i fixed a smile on my face .
the lockers for the employee area were supposed to come today on the truck .
since the lot was full , we were forced to park outside the fenced employee parking area .
there was a door on the left and a door on the right , and after that the area seemed to widen into a common space .
` ` i ' m beth osiecki , '' she said , in case i 'd gotten lost between the reception area and her office .
the dress and i went past the curtain into the changing area .
when michele and jason had turned out all of jason 's closets and storage areas in preparation for michele moving in , they 'd found all kinds of stuff , items i 'd vaguely wondered about for years , including my mom 's wedding dress .
i went to the locker and storage area .
about an hour later , i heard a car park in the gravel area by the front door .
victoria studied him carefully through the closed - circuit feed that monitored her office reception area .
she stood in the reception area of her office , one hand on a slim hip and a wide smile on her stunning face .
victoria 's office had walls of windows on two sides - one overlooking the bustling city below and the other facing the reception area .
with a thought , he set a glamour on the wall of windows framing her office door , shielding their embrace from view of the reception area and creating a compulsion to avoid disturbing them .
but only until she walked into the trailer 's common area .
the seating areas intimate , but not exclusive , with a high - quality look and feel .
at the largest , positioned at the center of a seating area to the left of the massive dance floor , a big biker - looking dude slid his hand down the open back of rubi 's ... well , he guessed he should call it a dress .
rachel had surprised the shit out of wes when she 'd showed interest in coming here , but lexi was right , the main area of the club was just a regular club - drinking , dancing , socializing - though the socializing here was far friendlier and bolder than the socializing he 'd seen at any other club .
stilettos could get rowdy ... and raunchy ... even in the main area .
he pulled his phone from his pocket and stalked into a quieter area of lexi 's studio .
he glanced at her as he neared the table in the breakfast area .
rubi wandered away , through the massive living area .
she turned and walked directly into a seating area .
rodie broke away from rubi , where she was hugging him in the living area , and ran to wes , jumping on his hind legs in excitement .
eighteen rubi pulled into the designated parking area just as she had early that week - only so much had changed between then and now .
the joint scream sounded off to the side in a restaurant seating area .
searched the gate seating area .
when wes glanced up and around to figure out where they could have a private conversation , he found nearly everyone in the area looking at them .
she pressed her lips together but did n't argue as he created a path through the lines of passengers and veered toward a virtually empty seating area near another gate .
a slight cliff , but you can still see the beach from the outdoor seating area , with two paths down to the beach - a stairway going straight down and a ramp on the other end of the property .
he 'd transferred the new mattress to the suite 's bedstead , adding any available furniture to the area .
the hulking demon was towering over an area crowded with other species of demons , accompanied by his gang of kapsliga swordsmen .
in the area where the hearth used to be , he found what was left of his younger foster sisters .
she 'd thought he 'd wait in the sitting area outside .
when the saleslady returned with her size , holly tried them on , walking around the area .
the area was filled with blacksmith tools : tongs , pincers , and an anvil as big as a car .
they were in a central terminus of mine shafts , an area where three corridors ended .
it was so large , it had a sitting area .
in the distance , he saw an area of diffused air - a portal .
sabine blinked against her hazy sight and spied nandiuml ; x in the sitting area of the bedroom .
closing the door behind her , she gazed around the spacious area .
though his brothers were n't there , he found rurik , lukyan , and a few others gambling in the castle 's common area .
when declan reached his suite , he unlocked the executive office he used as a reception area .
there he had a sizable multilevel space with a gym , a kitchen , a work and sleep area , and an adjoining bath .
the interior had three levels , one with a king - size bed and a massive computer console , a second with a kitchen and what looked like a weapons armory , and a third with a workout area .
some beings had weapons , which meant that the storage area had already been raided .
the entire area was unstable , could cave at any second .
but for the last hour , we had been sitting on the third - floor reception area doing nothing .
` ` hey , you guys look a lot alike , '' he said , and the bike courier smiled silently as he gave trent a pair of sunglasses and , without a word , tossed his short , almost white hair back and strode for the doors leading out to the loading area .
he said as they cruised into the starting area .
it was an upscale marina , but we were in the service area and gravel gave under the weight of the boats being put in and out whereas concrete might crack .
the woman was going on and on about numerous minor problems all over seattle , from an elevator becoming stuck in the needle , to a catfight at the international cat show seattle was hosting , to hundreds of fender benders that seemed to happen simultaneously across the seattle area .
the turn signal of the car ticked as we sat in silence , waiting for someone to move so we could pull into the drop - off area .
a spot finally opened up and the car pulled into the drop - off area .
rest areas are on the first and third floors . ''
pierce bumped into me , and looping his arm in mine , he almost pulled me to the set of double doors across from the wide , low - ceilinged , lobbylike area .
` ` ah , i ' m rachel morgan , '' i said , but she was already lifting the counter to let me into the back area .
she was pushing him out of her way , firmly pointing a finger to the front waiting area .
there was only one direction where the glow strengthened , and i stopped , staring at a service - oriented area with no displays .
` ` that leads to the research area , '' he said as he fumbled with the keys , finally bringing one up to his face and peering at it .
` ` that 's the storage area for the holding pen . ''
the parking lot was laced with cracks that allowed grass as tall as my thigh to grow , and the entire area reminded me of the tomato cannery that ivy and i had once stormed when i 'd been interning at the i.s .
wayde 's posture said he wanted to argue with me again , and i turned my back on him , relieved when i spotted nina striding in from the distant parking area at the head of about six people .
the area downstairs appeared bigger than the area upstairs , a mere eight feet above our heads with thick pylons holding up the ceiling .
the area downstairs appeared bigger than the area upstairs , a mere eight feet above our heads with thick pylons holding up the ceiling .
gerald threatened as he slid into the shower area , almost going down in the sudden slick mud made from the dust .
the big wide - screen tv was still there , but the leather couch in the sunken area had been exchanged for something lower to the floor , the top of the back almost even with the floor in the upper level .
jenks settled on the coffee table as ceri made her graceful way down into the seating area , a small tray in her hands .
the vision of the dusty , sunbaked surface of the ever - after was superimposed over the lush greenery of the raised garden area of the castle , but the purple - and - black line looked about the same from this side as the other .
beyond its faint shimmer was the highly landscaped outside living area with a grill / kitchen and swimming pool .
past the stairway was a dark and silent bar area , and behind that the kitchen and underground parking .
quen gave me a ` ` good luck '' look as he continued into the lower living room area with ray , and jenks abandoned me , wings clattering .
wringing out the saltwater - soaked rag , i began wiping down my spell - prep area , thinking it rather useless when half of jenks 's brood was up there , dusting heavily .
get in , move to the secure area where the pieces were being held under the cover of a distraction , do a little light - fingered shopping , and leave a pair of fake rings before walking out the front door with what we 'd come for .
wings humming , the pixy darted off my earring , flying ahead to do a redundant check of the area before we walked into it .
it was starting to get busy , but if we stayed away from the kids ' area , we should be okay .
jenks had been through the common areas , and according to him , they were fake .
` ` you have a nice spelling area .
i was n't going out into the living area until ellasbeth knew i was here .
the scent of excited vampire mixed with cinnamon and wine as we followed jenks 's glowing path through the receiving area to the warmer kitchen , and finally into the bar .
` ` ah , i appreciate this , but- '' ` ` you will sit where i put you and not move , '' he said as he pushed his way through the milling uniforms and into the informal bar area .
` ` see you later , handsome , '' sirena said from the reception area .
her gaze snagged on the depressingly run - down area anyone with half a brain would have avoided .
once he cleared the reception area , and knew no prying eyes were locked on him , he flashed to the park closest to the office .
the many tables and chairs littering the area looked as if they were comprised of real wood , but they smelled like metal .
i 'd paid mandalay to hack into the mainframe and add my name to the list of those allowed inside the ` ` confidential '' storage area .
after only a slight hesitation , he darted across the small area and disabled the wires that allowed passage in and out .
maybe they would be too busy to notice me , a suspended officer , striding as pretty as i pleased through this secured area .
a lock clicked in place , and red lasers formed bars , illuminating the small area with an eerie cerise glow .
` ` i ' m sorry , but i need to ask you to leave , '' a nurse said to me , trying to usher me to the waiting area .
cells ... i 'd followed eenli inside the bar just two days ago , but he never left the main area .
this foyer and living area did not resemble the modern , vibrant office i 'd seen when ghost - walking .
steps clipped , i strode to my laptop , which was perched atop the marble vanity in the sitting area of my bedroom .
` ` the ambassador wishes to speak with you in the formal dining area . ''
large and wide , the area overflowed with clothes and servants , poles for the material , and dry - spray hoses that ejected the cleaning enzymes .
there was a spacious living area off to the side , complete with couch , a large holoscreen , and several plush velvet chairs .
he twined their hands together and tugged her from the cell , up a flight of stairs , and into the main area .
she 'd asked the chip to show her all schon while sitting still and in the contained area .
there was a lounge area complete with two chocolate colored couches and a matching chair , a coffee table and a cream - colored rug .
before they could leave the sitting area , however , a tall , muscled warrior stood up and turned , as though he was aware of devyn 's every movement .
when you entered , there was a main meeting area and three doorways that branched into rooms .
` ` there 's an entrance to the right , so you wo n't have to go through the guys ' area . ''
she could fix the alley , maybe turn it into a garden - type area , then run goods and services through the tunnel at her discretion .
the area was small , with two stalls , one sink , and no sitting area to check your makeup and chat .
the area was small , with two stalls , one sink , and no sitting area to check your makeup and chat .
with two rumpled blankets on the couch , the area looked like a favorite .
usually , the place was a disaster area , with clothes strewn about , empty beer bottles everywhere , and food wrappers stuffed between the couch cushions .
multiple security guards patrolled the area and several human females manned the desk , but not a single one noticed the intruders in their midst .
the sleeping area ; the sitting area , where a floral - printed couch formed a half circle on one side of a square glass table , while three chairs rounded things out on the other side ; and the kitchen .
the sleeping area ; the sitting area , where a floral - printed couch formed a half circle on one side of a square glass table , while three chairs rounded things out on the other side ; and the kitchen .
the area had recently undergone repairs and now sparkled like new despite the dimness of the atmosphere .
xerxes and a fully healed bjorn were in the sitting area , fighting for their lives .
the area was filled with sunlight , but at least they 'd have a modicum of privacy .
now workers swarmed the area , buzzing back and forth , cleaning and searching the crumbling corridors for glimpses into the past .
behind a veil of lush plants was a sitting area he 'd rigged with a pillowed floor that looked up to a ceiling mural of castles in the clouds .
the hallway led to an empty area , but that empty area led to a closed doorway .
the hallway led to an empty area , but that empty area led to a closed doorway .
helped that he could hack into any system , even the city 's , the government 's , and study areas from their cameras .
he inched forward , leaving the bathing area completely .
a wooden floor stained with the blood of thousands covered the entire area , but it was a floor that could be removed , the land then flooded with water to reenact navel battles .
as paris nursed a fifth whiskey , he studied the smoke - stained mirror in front of him , covertly panning the area behind him .
though the area was well - lit , no one passing by would see what transpired within the narrow space .
grinding his teeth , kane followed william up a flight of stairs , thankfully leaving the bar and dance area behind .
tinker bell ushered him down several flights of stairs , into a darker , dank area of the palace .
after shutting and locking the door , she ran from the area and never looked back .
beyond the living area , there was a queen - size bed .
vika raced out of the sectioned - off area where the performers lived and through the games and rides .
no one paid a bit of attention to the entrance as she slipped inside the employees - only area .
smooth marble walls enclosed the entire area , yet there was no ceiling , allowing morning sunlight to pour inside and reflect off the veins of gold .
four here , plus twenty or so in the throne area .
there 's nothing in this area but a couple of carved pillars .
i know only how to get to the most basic places : the sleeping area , the cafeteria , the lobby , the interrogation room .
i walk along the edge of the meeting area , squeezing past the amity who are on their feet and hopping over hands and outstretched legs .
david takes us through the compound to a carpeted area with potted plants on either side .
this area of the compound is basically a giant laboratory . ''
she taps her screen , and everyone milling around the surveillance area gathers around her .
tris , caleb , christina , and i are in the training room in the gd area underground - it 's cold and dim and full of equipment , training weapons and mats and helmets and targets , everything we could ever need .
outside the kitchen area , the party is loud and drunk .
sleek black cushions and couches line the walls and create little seating areas in the front half of the restaurant , while long , well - worn tables and stools fill the back .
my apartment has two bedrooms off a large main loft area with a view over a couple of city blocks and out across the ocean .
he let his gaze blur over the hockey game playing on the screen above the bar , but his mind drifted back to the confrontation at the pickup area , and he grew uneasy again .
they did n't talk as they made their way through the busy terminal toward baggage claim and out to the shuttle area .
with one arm still tight around her waist , he scanned the living area .
there were two nice faux wooden desks , a few shelves , sofa , lounge chairs , little kitchen area with a refrigerator .
he popped the berry into his mouth , looking around the massive living area , all leather , granite , stainless steel , and glass .
11 ryker sat in the truck in the parking area on the set and took a sip of coffee , his gaze holding on the renegades trailer .
i 'll bring the trailers up from the storage area and start loading .
six more employees had come on this morning , and most of those were unloading , stocking , and taking inventory of the new supplies , then delivering them to different areas of the site .
he passed through the small front area and found katie and kelly in the office behind the desks .
she searched the booth and the surrounding area but could n't locate him .
please stay in the boarding area , as the repairs may be finished earlier , and we 'll start boarding immediately . ''
he paced until the last person boarded and the waiting area was empty .
then she too walked away from the gate , and ryker stood in the waiting area alone .
she hurried toward the main dressing area and found isaac blocking the rear door as if he were guarding the president .
teams will be randomly selected , and when i say go , both teams will head out into the swimming area . ''
all four people raced forward , splashing into the challenge area .
the ' booth ' was actually just a curtained off area , the curtain a waterfall of beads and cowrie shells .
i glanced around the challenge area frantically .
her eyes pooled up with tears and she gave jendan a desperate look before she had to leave the judgment area .
which was why it alarmed me when i saw the long , narrow table set up in the challenge area .
we waited in the hot sunlight while the production crews set up the judgment area .
the judgment area was silent .
with heavy feet , leslie stomped out of the judgment area .
i looked in his direction one last time before leaving the judgment area .
even as she moved to the center of the stage area , someone doused the fire and the men began to break their camera tripods down for the night .
we linked arms and headed for the main kitchen area of the loser lodge .
most of the time , the cast and some of the jury tended to hang out in the restaurant or bar area , near drinks and food .
the apartment itself was in great shape , but the common areas were n't always in the best state .
i smoothed down my curls , hiccuped five more times , then took a deep breath and headed out into the dining area .
there was even a small sitting area with a soft brown leather couch and a coffee table displaying a stack of fashion magazines .
off to the corner , there was a cozy sitting area near the front door , and to the side of that , a long formal dining table and an open , modern , gourmet chef 's kitchen complete with stainless steel appliances , several convection ovens , black granite countertops , and giant extractor over the gas - burner cook top .
he sat down on the couch in the small sitting area with his back to me and started removing his shoes .
he pulled me inside to the sitting area then headed for the bathroom .
sunken jacuzzi tub for four surrounded by fresh white candles , clear glass bowls filled with lavender bath salts , and bottles of infused oils ; white wicker sitting area with a cappuccino machine and mini - fridge ; and a shower big enough to bathe a small nation .
hanging over the headboard was a large sun made from hammered copper , and a freestanding bar stood in one corner next to a sitting area with a cozy , khaki - colored couch .
antonio knew his brother remained camped outside in the waiting area , but he could n't bear to face him .
the communal areas , including the lobby , were decorated with modern furniture , mostly reds and whites , with a few richly upholstered , overstuffed chairs and velvety pillows .
the woman led ixtab up the right - hand staircase to where the landing expanded into a great room with saltillo tiles , a large fireplace , and a sitting area that connected to a long hallway with large windows to one side and arched doorways leading to other rooms .
a large bed and a sitting area , no personal belongings - similar to his apartment in new york .
antonio entered the spacious bedroom and sat down in the small sitting area in the corner .
he stepped to the side and closed the door , but instead of walking toward the reception area , she leaned against the car and folded her arms .
she smiled awkwardly and made her way inside to the reception area and registered .
he gestured toward the sitting area in the corner .
i held back a growl and directed her to the small sitting area .
as we walked past the reception area , the woman at the desk asked if i was all right .
he followed me out through the waiting area into the stairwell .
i scrambled to the kitchen area and hovered over the sink , feeling like i 'd be sick , but nothing came out .
i scraped my shaking body from the bed and went over to the kitchen area to search the cupboards for anything non - alcoholic with sugar to drink .
i seemed to recall seeing a few sharp objects in the kitchen area .
by the time we pulled up outside of barton 's and parked in the employee area around back , my cheeks were scarlet .
tables had been moved back in the large dining area to create a make shift stage .
when he did n't , i suppressed a sigh and went into the dining area .
moore walked over to the railing separating our booth from the bar area .
they had been strategically placed in areas that got the highest amount of traffic .
i pushed through the swinging doors into the kitchen and practically ran to the smoking area .
` ` i 'll get you another coffee , '' damien said eagerly as gracie and i headed to the restroom in the reception area .
do n't go anywhere , '' i threatened , before stomping toward the back doors leading to the smoking area .
it was almost modern with straight , clean lines and an almost non - descript stage area .
i waved the group toward a small table by the open bar and concession area .
the living room , kitchen , and dining area were an open floor plan .
just off to the left of the living area was an enormous kitchen with stainless steel appliances , granite counter tops , and a magnificent island with gas range stove top .
i walked to the window in the dining area and looked out .
i followed him up the stairs that led to a loft area .
there were stairs off to the side that went down into a sunken area with a whirlpool bathtub and two pedestal sinks .
she walked down the stairs into the sunken area with the whirl pool .
blake leaned into the cargo area and dug out the smaller suitcase and laptop case .
it parked sideways at the base of the road , the small area nearly at capacity .
she brushed past me as she wandered into the kitchen area and opened a drawer where she 'd stuffed a bunch of menus .
it was a big , open room , the living area off to the left and the kitchen with a small , round table to the right .
the living room opened to the dining area and kitchen that took up the entire back portion of the room , the dining nook on the left and the kitchen to the right .
my eyes slipped along the living area , up to the high ceilings and across to the large windows that allowed the late - afternoon sun to filter inside .
a basic bench jutted out from the bottom of the hearth to create a sitting area .
christopher stumbled out and into the open area at the front of the door where aly and i stood .
the nurse led matthew to a smal curtained area where elizabeth lay unconscious .
five minutes later , we approached the play area .
with a passing grin , lizzie scampered around me into the living area .
candles glowed all around the living area , flickering as they jumped and twinkled against the floor - to - ceiling windows facing the bay .
his dress shoes echoed on the marble floor as he crossed the living area into the bedroom .
as i walked into the dining area to the left , italian herb blended warmly with garlic and onion , sparking a flashback of cold winters and roast dinners .
` ` now , now , you just let the boy worry about that , '' dad said , leading mike into the dining area .
a sneaky tempo guided my steps as i passed the dining area where vicki and mike sat laughing and drinking coffee .
` ` do yourself a favour- '' we both looked over at david through the windows , rummaging around in the storage area .
she cupped both hands together , turning to the mirrored pedestal area they 'd set up just by the windows , and stood waiting .
mom sits over in the prosecution 's area .
vending - machines area , fitness center , lobby - not there .
beyond the community corner is the official - people area .
until midnight , when a car barreled up the hill and stopped in the gravel of the blue trail 's parking area .
the pet store had been renovated with easy - to - clean tiled floors , and each type of animal had its own windowed area now so dogs and cats for sale and rescued animals for adoption could have their own space .
he took the left toward the pagoda and carefully maneuvered around the s curves until we came to the straight part in the road , about a hundred yards from the parking area .
` ` was n't funny , '' he said , and then turned to say something to me , but i was already walking up toward the parking area .
while she said this , two girls grooming a dog behind the glass in the adoption area caught my eye .
he showed me the newspaper article , and i was happy to learn that no one was dead or injured , aside from the animals ( though many survived , including the nasty gray parrot and a lot of the adoption center animals , thanks to the sprinkler system and the fire - retaining walls between the pet areas ) .
the band plays soft numbers down in the band area .
i stop one of garrett 's classmates by the dance area , but he , too , is entranced by the sight of jaycee 's gyrations - now into the table dancing portion of the night .
distracted , luann looks back toward the living area .
through the dim lights i can make out some faded , torn couches , with a bunch of college kids sitting around a small stage area .
he looks past me to the stage area .
portia led her to the open living area , and sat on the very edge of one of those square white couches .
the back of the house was all folding glass partition : opening out onto a patio area large enough to entertain two dozen of his closest friends on the white calico - covered couches .
beyond that , immaculate green lawn stretched down to the pool area , a perfect rectangle of gleaming tile and sandstone , with canopied sun loungers and a dining area .
beyond that , immaculate green lawn stretched down to the pool area , a perfect rectangle of gleaming tile and sandstone , with canopied sun loungers and a dining area .
amber waved them over to the dining area .
over in the lounge area , two girls were bouncing on a white leather couch as an older guy photographed them with an old - school camera .
the deck was even more crowded : kids lounging in groups , splashing in the hot tub , and clustered in front of a makeshift stage area as a group of guys set up speakers and sound gear .
unlike grace 's old school , with its cramped buildings stacked haphazardly in the middle of a city block , her new school radiated out from a grassy central quad : neat white stucco buildings fringed with trees , and seating areas set back from the main pathways .
grace joined her in the lounge area , setting a takeout container down .
her boots skittered on the marble floors as she ducked past tourists , sliding to a stop as she reached the lounge area .
they were too busy staking out prime couches in the lounge area to watch the various celebrity makeups and breakups that took place away from the prying eyes of the paparazzi .
she called , catching up to them in the middle of the main lounge area .
i ask , my ass already numb from the cheap formica seats they have lining the small waiting area .
stripping off my winter gear , i leave it draped over the seat to mark my territory and then wander back into the main bookstore area to gather my distraction .
picking out a couple of books on democracy , i find a quiet area with some desks and couches and settle in .
she found everyone crammed into the reception area , arguing loudly .
cassie waved the bottle at her as alice drifted listlessly into the living area .
` ` surprise , '' alice replied , crossing to the kitchen area .
a strange man had wandered into the living area , wrapped in alice 's chinese silk robe .
the main living area seemed to be clear , so alice darted to her room , ignoring the noises down the hall .
the woman led her out of the reception area , down a narrow hallway .
` ` through here we have our help - line area . ''
drifting back to the reception area , alice hovered while hazel assembled an information pack .
alice had long kept the list of master passwords in her drawer , so it was no trouble at all to log in to the agent area and download the lists of current casting notices and internal memos that kept everyone up to date on available jobs .
nadia paused by the shower area , arms full of shampoo and gel bottles .
nathan 's flat was modern and minimal , with a study area set up on the far end of the open - plan living area , complete with gleaming desktop computer system .
nathan 's flat was modern and minimal , with a study area set up on the far end of the open - plan living area , complete with gleaming desktop computer system .
dashing toward the kitchen area , she flung open the fridge just as nathan padded in , sleepy in an oversized pair of athletic shorts .
they stepped into an open - plan reception area , ella flicking on lights as they went .
we would n't need a waiting area because of the reception out there , of course .
the apartment was old but charming , with bare floors and large windows , a blue - tiled kitchen area , and a large bedroom with fresh linens stacked at the end of a wrought - iron bed .
i grabbed one , paid , stuffed it into my bag , and made the walk of shame through the seating area to the exit .
we had emerged from the tunneled entrance into the covered area surrounding the quad , and i dived to the right of a pillar while he was forced to the left , breaking his contact with me .
there were pews , but the space was divided into multiple areas of worship dedicated to most of the major religions ; the echoes of the choir came from a small chapel to my immediate left .
the other agent 's eyes shifted from side to side before he stepped out of the small curtained area .
they sat in the lounge area of the airport bar and watched cnn , ty rapping his fingers on the table impatiently .
ty stood not far away , beyond the partitions that divided the lavishly decorated owner '' s suite into bedroom and living areas , contemplating their surroundings .
christmas trees in pots and sprigs of mistletoe and white twinkle lights bedecked every area of the ship .
zane glanced toward the bedroom area with a frown .
he threw the folder onto the small sofa in the sitting area .
they figured being in plain sight the first afternoon would be a good plan , and the pool area under the dome meant it was plenty warm , especially with the sun shining through the glass .
` ` it was a minor accident , not nearly as bad as the rumors , i '' m sure , '' ty assured her as he plucked her hands off his chest and steered her toward the sitting area and the other two men .
he '' d been avoiding the ship '' s fitness areas simply because he didn '' t like the crowds , but he would do a few laps around the designated jogging track if all else failed .
but he was quite good at his job , and he managed to slip past the attendants in the little shop and get to the staging area unmolested .
they had looked yet again for any of the other team members , even pretending to stumble into some service areas , and finding no one had just added to their frustration .
ty and bianchi were with them as zane turned them down an aisle running along the back of the large kitchen , keeping the bulk of the cabinets , stoves , and prep area between them and dolce and gabbana .
after a half minute '' s hard run , he was close on bianchi '' s heels and chanced a glance over his shoulder as they ran along the deck on the port side of the ship , still in the public areas .
zane took off for the door and ran back out into the night and took the left turn , cutting through the open - air sitting area of a closed coffee shop , heading for another door set into the bulkhead .
bianchi , norina , and ty all stood in the middle of an open sitting area sheltered under an overhang , and there was no other exit except the way they had come , the way their pursuers were blocking .
he walked through the narrow living room and tiny dining area beside the stairs to the kitchen bar , where he dropped his burdens .
when ty returned less than an hour later , just after the lunch rush , he proceeded immediately up to the fifth floor , punched in the code he d seen the doctor enter to get access to the secure area , and walked straight to zanes bay , hoping he d be back from the scan .
the waiting area was quite small ; maybe a dozen people could stand around , and it would be tight .
by the time he got up and moving , zane could hear the bacon sizzling , and the smell of sausage wafting out of the small kitchen area made his mouth water .
zane made a stop in the bathroom and then sat at the bar that separated the kitchen from the little living area .
he could feel ty pacing around the small dining area that divided the lower level of the row house .
the entire structure had collapsed in on itself , save for the areas where stone slabs from the ceilings and walls had fallen against the stone sarcophagi in the corners .
he gave zane 's hand a tug , leading him inside the shopping area and wending through the mass of people , shops , and mobile vendors .
while standing in line with zane to get a sandwich , cameron watched as julian moved around the sizeable shopping area in the airport , ty trailing only a few steps behind him .
` ` zane should be okay , we 'll circle back for him if we can , '' ty answered as he led them out of the cafe 's sitting area and into the crowded concourse .
they all stay in the dormitory area .
they had inside and outside areas , with platforms as high as thirteen feet up , built around trees and hills .
he took another drink of his beer , then glanced over at the large area they 'd cleared for the shooting gallery .
` ` that was kind of fun , '' ty admitted as he stripped off the jeans in the little dressing area .
and it has to be out there , in the common areas , to make sure you 're not at risk and to get scuttlebutt going . ''
it was a grassy area , devoid of vaults and mostly clear .
they were firing directly into the pedestrian areas of the french quarter , directly into that parade crowd .
an hour and a half later , they were still standing behind the roped - off area , witnessing reunions , waiting .
ty sat in a chair around an unlit fire pit on the edge of the garden , far enough away from the heaters for it to be a little chilly , nursing his drink and watching the few remaining people mill about the dining area .
ty made his way to the lounge area where kelly was sitting with the four other children who were on the island for the wedding , all kids of ty 's cousins .
ty and several of the others were loitering around one of the many lounge areas in the great hall .
deuce asked from one of the sitting areas .
i follow him back to the kitchen area , and he leads me to a darkened hallway with a door that leads out into the cold night air .
we follow the black - and - white checkered hall down to the end until we find the three of them there in a holding area usually reserved for those waiting to do time in the woods .
coop squeezes my hand as we enter a carpeted area .
my unenthusiastic performance successfully chases both carter and fallon out the door as if there were a louboutin shoe free - for - all being conducted in the commons area .
if i did n't know better , i 'd swear cooper flanders was trying to seduce me into an erotic salivary exchange right here in the commons area of henderson hall .
the commons area at henderson is littered with soda cans and empty wrappers are strewn all over the floor .
downstairs in the commons area , the lights are dimmed all the way down .
it 's breathtaking inside , dimly lit with candles quivering against the crimson wallpaper , the carpet rolling from the entry into the dining area like a red velvet tongue .
mirrors are set everywhere you look and oversized marble statues dot the area , wearing the creamiest , most scrumptious - looking wedding gowns you could ever lay your eyes on .
i take my apron off and plop it onto the counter before making my way numbly into the seating area .
a monolithic oil painting hangs in the oversized sitting area to my right .
i hightail it down to the basement and take in the expansive area .
the burgundy carpet flushes throughout the area as i plod after him .
i glance back in the direction of the kitchen where a strange glow lights up the area .
i glance around , panning the area for my father .
i chase him out to the dining area and pull him back by the sleeve .
he circles the area above the floral archway as if he were offering his blessing , or placing a hex , either or .
he guides me into a rather large area with an oversized four - poster bed , a lit candelabra in the corner .
we step through the area housing a plethora of watery glass caskets and into a conjoined room the size of an airplane hangar .
we wait in the reception area while my mother fills out a mountain of paperwork , so i can pee in a cup , and they can berate her for foolishly mistrusting her daughter .
` ` that was easy , '' i say as i retrieve gage and we head back to the reception area .
he shells out some serious cash before returning to the waiting area .
logan pulls me back by the elbow as everyone clears the waiting area .
i pan the area , but there 's no dresser , not one thing of great heft that could keep someone out .
the elevator goes up for days , spits us out onto violent red carpet and a reception area with a nurse out front .
i walk her through the main living areas then downstairs to the back of the property .
we get out and head into the air - conditioned building where daddy waits to greet us down in the reception area .
warren picks up a remote and points it at the wall , and the room magically fills with the sound of a lovesick sax while a thousand electric candles illuminate the area , exposing an oversized loft - piled bed .
or masturbate in open areas of the house , but i leave that part out for now .
the entire area has a black and white motif with mirrors strategically placed to make the space look even more expansive .
they remodeled the commons area over the summer and took the kitchen out in favor of a pool table .
i scan the area for something solid to throw and spot a beer bottle off in the corner .
an old lady wearing a pink plaid jacket called out , pushing her glasses back up the bridge of her nose as she scanned the waiting area .
i teased him as the elevator door ' dinged ' open , signaling for us to enter the spacious square area .
` ` no phones near the working area , '' she scolded , spreading her fingers over my head and covering my ears to indicate the place that was forbidden .
i slammed the door shut before he could comment and instantly stripped off my clothing before jumping into the large glass shower area and turned on the gushing hot water .
adrian 's voice boomed through the quiet lobby area of the reception , making the few straddlers that were scattered throughout the area look over to us in shock .
adrian 's voice boomed through the quiet lobby area of the reception , making the few straddlers that were scattered throughout the area look over to us in shock .
` ` do n't think i have n't forgotten about that son of a bitch , '' adrian said , just as we re - entered the reception area .
the side entrance was almost completely unlit , with only a few yellow spot lights flickering in certain areas , making it difficult to make out any people .
josh 's home is spacious ; the floor plan is open from the living area right inside the front door through to the eat - in kitchen with its maple cabinets the color of honey and smooth , light granite countertops .
the park is just over twenty acres in the heart of town , with a large playground for parents to bring their kids to play , walking paths , benches and picnic tables , and a large grassy area where in the summer the town sets up a portable movie screen every friday night .
i lean my shoulder against the wall directly across from the security doors that separate the common area from the boarding area and sigh contentedly .
i lean my shoulder against the wall directly across from the security doors that separate the common area from the boarding area and sigh contentedly .
` ` i saw him just a minute ago , '' i murmur , and pull my sunglasses down as i stand and begin to roam around the area .
knowing she most likely ca n't hear the doorbell over the music , i walk around the house to the family - room area , which has french doors that open onto a wide patio .
a large rock fireplace dominates one wall of the living area , with brown leather couches covered in brightly covered throw pillows arranged around it .
the kitchen and the dining area are open to each other , giving the house a wide - open , inviting feel .
this is one of only four courtrooms in town , and the spectator area is about half - full .
i dress quickly and join jill in the waiting area .
it has a wide open floor plan with cathedral ceilings in the living area , modern gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances and brown granite countertops , and three large bedrooms upstairs with en suite bathrooms .
finally , dinner is done , and everyone moves into the living area to exchange gifts and relax .
he leads me back to the great room and up a flight of stairs to a large loft area that he 's using as a tv room , with more plush furniture .
i briefly glimpse a formal living area with white furniture and a large formal dining room .
there is a casual dining area , opening up to a family room with a large television and plush , inviting furniture in more shades of brown , copper and bronze .
there are two round patio tables with six chairs around each of them in the middle of the patio , and to the far right is a seating area of two rocking loveseats .
our space is large , sporting two bedrooms , a large common area and two bathrooms .
the common area has plenty of color ; oranges , yellows and reds .
` ` you can go on in , jules , '' mrs . glover smiles at me and i walk through nate 's office door , thankful that there are no windows looking out into the reception area , and close the door behind me .
there is always too much food at our family parties , and today is no exception , but the whole kitchen and dining area is full of soft pink and gray .
the adjacent dining area has a long black table with seating for ten .
natalie asks as we walk through the back door and into the kitchen area .
after changing into swim wear , we walk out to the pool area to swim laps .
the lights are on in the kitchen and living areas , and there is a fire roaring .
` ` audrey , goddamn it , shut the fuck up ... '' i pivot on my heel before he can finish the sentence and stalk out to the living area .
it 's open to a dining space and family living area , with floor - to - ceiling windows covering one whole wall , showing off the sound .
there 's no sign of her in the living area or her cute kitchen .
` ` bellevue area , '' he responds .
leo leads me to a booth in the main bar area with a full view of the stage , motions for me to slide in and then joins me , sitting beside me rather than across from me .
nate calls from the living area .
the living area opens up to the state of the art kitchen and a small eating space .
i look around the pool area of gary and lori 's gorgeous home .
a large child 's play area with swings , a slide , and a tree house take up another corner .
i follow him past the others , the stage and through a black door to the back stage area .
to the left of the main dance area is another large room that is broken into segments , where different kinks are demonstrated for the crowd .
the bondage area ! ''
when the crowd finally dies down at about twelve thirty , i have a moment to slip in the back and quickly eat a banana and string cheese before consolidating the cupcakes in the glass case and tidying up the seating area .
as we 're walking into the chapel area , i hear her voice .
she lets maddie take one hand and josie take the other as they guide her to the open lawn area where the kids have been playing .
` ` you do n't have to pay to park , m. just pull up at the drop off area . ''
he leads me back to the appliance and kitchen area , where they have kitchen displays set up so you can see what the appliances and countertops look like together .
we 're in the high - roller area at the aria , next door to where the girls are partying .
she shrugs and leads me past a small , clean kitchen into her living area .
the back patio is covered , with a beautiful outdoor kitchen and sitting area .
just inside is a sitting area with a fireplace .
she waves and leaves , and i carry the tray to the seating area before the window .
i do n't see any of them as my eyes scan the reception area , but i can hear raised voices coming from the ceremony site in the vines .
mr . turner will never let you in the construction area in those things . ''
chris finally seems to break out of his trance and runs to the freezer that 's kept in the shop area solely for the purpose of having ice on hand .
he 'd started their air journey from indiana eight years ago in the opened bottle in the luggage compartment , formed himself and magicked himself into the passenger area to sit with lily .
left and right were seating areas , fireplaces on each side , their mantels festooned with christmas cheer .
the kitchen was behind the right area .
the walls all around were painted in coordinating tranquil light colors of seafoam ( left seating area ) , green ( right seating area ) and blue ( dining room and kitchen ) .
the walls all around were painted in coordinating tranquil light colors of seafoam ( left seating area ) , green ( right seating area ) and blue ( dining room and kitchen ) .
and there was a long , wide , deep - seated couch running the opposite side to the seating area and bar .
why he thought i 'd need six bedrooms with a gigantic kitchen including breakfast nook and comfy seating area , a formal dining room , a sitting room , a living room , a family room , a study , four and a half baths ... the list went on ...
yes , i had a comfy - kitchen - living - area with a big , fluffy couch , an attractive , low coffee table and a gigantic , round bean bag that two small adults could pile themselves into .
i slid off my stool and drunkenly wobbled into the comfy - kitchen - living area .
the living area looked like an exclusive boutique exploded in it .
he pulled me off the stool and walked me to the comfy seating area .
chapter sixteen the aunties i lay curled in the big beanbag in the comfy , seating area off the kitchen while edwina made dinner and avery sat on the couch , chatting to her .
i booked them in and was heading toward the comfy seating area in the kitchen where they were all gabbing ( seriously , that huge house and we used , like , four rooms , it was such a freaking waste ) when i heard them .
the last time was on the couch in the comfy seating area off the kitchen .
no lounging in the comfy seating area off the kitchen for etienne .
we lay in bed or on the couch in the comfy seating area off the kitchen and whispered to each other or napped , doing both holding each other close .
this was because , in the comfy seating area , i saw nestor , the vampire that had words with stephanie at my selection .
stephanie lounging in an armchair in the seating area at the side of the room , legs crossed , coffee cup in hand .
lucien walked to the seating area as cosmo pushed away from his desk and approached from the other side .
you walked into the dining area from the corridor .
living room off the dining area .
shaking off the weird , i looked to benny to see he was throwing the door closed behind him , but his eyes were on the boxes stacked three deep , resting against the dining area wall .
and i saw we 're running out of fanta grape , so on the way home , we should stop by ... '' i trailed off and stopped dead when i hit the living room / dining room area and saw ben in the corner of the living room , standing by a set of shelves that i had not yet packed .
a back area where more sinks and the industrial dishwashers were .
the inside had views from its windows at the dining / kitchen area to the pool , the bedrooms to some now - fallow cornfields , and the living room led into a not insubstantial courtyard that had plenty of space for a couple lounge chairs and a two - seater patio table , which i 'd arranged around my own personal two - tiered fountain .
ben quit taking in the open space that consisted of a curved living / dining / kitchen area and his eyes came to me .
` ` i do n't know , '' she said , grabbing a mug and bringing it across to him where he stood at the bar that delineated the kitchen from the dining area .
the dining room and kitchen tables along with every surface in a common area were covered in platters of food or bowls of snacks .
in the front seating area fin and reesee were sitting , thighs pressed close , heads bent and close together .
and mike would know why the bullpen was empty when they walked through tanner 's reception area .
layne threw open one of the double doors that led out to the large open area at the top of the stairs that held his weight bench , weights , a treadmill , a wall filled with in - built shelves , cabinets and a desk unit under the wide window where his computer was , a beat up swivel chair in front of it .
so , like the dining area , it was empty .
` ` we need to talk , '' she told him , coming into the reception area .
they 'd made it to the area that separated the booths and he hooked an arm around her neck and pulled her into his side .
he went to the counter and reckoned that she kept her utensils close to the fridge , an area where she 'd prepare food , it made more sense not to have to walk far to get what she needed .
layne waited while gaines turned right on green then he tossed his camera to the passenger seat , rolled out of the secluded , tree shrouded , unlit back area of the lot and kept his eyes on the honda , flipping on his headlights and turning right with three cars between them .
i ' m thinking a reading area .
cal 's eyes cut to layne , his phone to his ear , he moved out of layne 's office and into the reception area , closing the door .
shrugging on the robe , i stomped out of my room , through the open plan study into the living room that fed into the dining area that fed into the kitchen .
this meant we had an extra bedroom with full master bath and an open plan study that ran off the living room / dining room area .
he stopped to close and lock the door then he tossed my keys on the counter , pulled my purse off my arm and tossed that on the counter too then he dragged me through the kitchen , the dining area , the open study and straight to my bedroom .
chapter eight come to jesus i opened the kitchen door to see , over the bar opening into the dining area , kate and dane going out the front door .
two bay windows , one by the dining table , the other in the living room area , french doors in the middle with tall , slim windows at their sides that opened on a deck .
` ` kate , '' he called , looking into the dining area , ` ` take over here , yeah ? ''
they were on the dining area side .
` ` so this is the living room which comes complete with dining area and views of our sparkling kitchen which i cleaned . ''
i nodded my head to the bar that separated his kitchen from the dining area .
kitchen to the right , dining area in front of it over a bar .
in the depth and breadth of my vision i saw all of it , including some of the living room , the dining area , the kitchen and even out the kitchen window which showed part of the speedboat , part of dad and mom 's rv .
colt turned when i hit the dining area and leveled his eyes on me .
when colt turned to close the door , he saw feb sitting on a stool in front of the kitchen bar on the dining area side .
i heard , straight out , josie 's loud sigh and i nearly rolled my eyes but that might make colt do more than a lip touch and i liked josie , i did n't want her to expire from delight in colt 's dining area .
i kept going but spoke to the reception area i 'd just entered .
i paid for it after expressing gratitude and he moved away to an area cordoned off from the rest of the bar by two high , curved silver poles .
although i was not alone in being tricked out , when i took off my coat in the outer area of the arena by the ticket counter , many eyes came my way , male and female .
it would seem they were between fights so the area was packed with spectators getting refreshments and using the facilities , therefore my audience was somewhat vast .
it also had a fabulous antique desk and a seating area by the window consisting of comfortable chair with a table and lamp which i took one look at , longed to find a book and curl up there to read and , should my mind wander , gaze at the sea .
we all watched until they turned the corner toward the student parking area , sofie looking back at us with an expression i could n't make out due to the distance , before they disappeared .
i blinked at him in confusion at his words as he stalked to a counter that jutted out , separating the kitchen - type area from the living room type area .
i blinked at him in confusion at his words as he stalked to a counter that jutted out , separating the kitchen - type area from the living room type area .
there was an enclosed porch type area that ran the length of the house , one whole side lined with stacks of logs so high , they went up to my neck .
there were also some sleighs , none as large as mine , one - seaters or two - seaters , some with an area at the back where you could put stuff , some without , some being pulled by two horses , most only one .
to the right off the corner of the desk there was a seating area , one big , comfy looking chair with ottoman , a heavy table at its side , a lantern attached to the wall hanging over it to use to read by .
in the back by the desk on the opposite side to the seating area there was a huge , standing globe and for some reason that was where i moved first .
they flooded the area to our left side and did everything to put themselves on display .
the people and their petal throwing stopped when we reached the dais area .
the only official area , as it were , was the dais which i noticed now was roughly carved from a huge , wide , long , cream slab of stone , the area in front of it deep and wide , made up of the same stone .
these boys scurried quickly out of the area and to the sidelines , melting into the crowds , probably to find their parents .
we entered an area where there were no chams or belongings to pack away but the activity seemed more extreme so i looked up to see we were at the outskirts of the disappearing daxshee .
we now had a shower area .
it also had an area with what looked like lounge chairs for lazing in and catching the sun that had thick pads on them .
another area with a round iron table ornate with curlicues and four matching chairs .
and the last area was an abundance of thick mats and huge , brightly - colored silk pillows .
and by the time we arrived back in the courtyard area , lahn was gone but my girls were there with trainee warriors lugging in our stuff from the wagon outside and the girls were looking around with awe .
at the foot of the stairs separated from the kitchen area by a wide counter with tall stools was a comfortable seating area he never used .
at the foot of the stairs separated from the kitchen area by a wide counter with tall stools was a comfortable seating area he never used .
there was a cloakroom under the stairs and the only interior door , off the dining area , led to a workout room with a rowing machine , elliptical machine , weights and weight bench that , outside of his bedroom , was the room he used most in the house .
the wall to the garden shared by the kitchen and seating area had been fitted almost entirely with floor - to - ceiling windows including a set of french doors .
there were handsome tables placed strategically around the seating area for comfort of use and aesthetic purposes .
something which she could just come to terms with if he stayed in the hall , living room and kitchen , common areas that did n't intrude too much on her precious memories .
he stepped off the last stair and , eyes on her , walked to the comfy seating area off the kitchen and put the bag on a chair .
on saturday , he got up wickedly early ( per usual ) , worked out in the room off the dining area while abby slept in and then he went into the office .
there , cash guided her downstairs and made love to her slowly , thoroughly and satisfyingly on the couch in the area off his kitchen after which , in his arms , she fell asleep .
abby was lying on her side on the couch in the seating area off his kitchen .
another identical , but smaller , vase held the same flowers and sat on the edge of the bar that separated the kitchen from the seating area .
cash let her go at the bottom of the stairs and walked to the light switch , flipping off the dimmer lights that illuminated the kitchen area .
cash 's attention was focused on the speaker but abby had only taken a few steps into the reception area when cash 's head turned and his black eyes hit her .
just as she 'd noticed in the reception area and hall , the decor was a successful mixture of traditional and modern .
however , they were there briefly , so briefly they waited in the reception area and they were rarely offered coffee .
as abby walked beside him she noticed there were an awful lot of people standing around pretending to be in conversations , but surreptitiously watching what was happening in the reception area .
the day centre and community hall comprised ( along with a vast kitchen , several small offices , some storage rooms , a stage and narrow backstage area ) an enormous , but dilapidated old building on a council estate in a deprived area of weston - super - mare , a small , seaside city in the west country .
the stairway separated the dining area from the cosy living room which was filled with deep , comfortable chairs and couches liberally dosed with tasselled pillows and soft throws , all of which surrounded an even larger , inglenook fireplace , which was the room 's focal point .
and thus , ten minutes after she hung up the phone with her sister ( the call had unfortunately included the third degree about ` ` the guy '' ) , and five minutes after colin morgan was meant to arrive , sibyl stood in the dining area of the cottage wearing a dark violet , silk , sequined camisole , her best jeans ( that had gone a bit snug due to a day of stress - eating which was now turning her stomach sickeningly ) and a pair of high - heeled sandals that consisted solely of a strip of rhinestones across her toes and a daring rhinestone ankle strap .
sibyl , in a panic , looked behind her but all she saw was the dining area .
sibyl had been desolate upon seeing her father and sister moving through the security area at heathrow but mags had swiftly cheered her spirits with chatter on the way home and for this alone , colin was grateful for mags 's company .
she heard noises coming from other areas the house .
prentice headed to the back hall that led to the backstairs that led to the guest suite that was removed from the family areas .
on her side of the house there was a study ( obviously prentice 's ) , a television room with a big , comfy sectional couch ( there was no tv in the great room , or any other room in the house for that matter ) , a half bath , a large storage area and a mudroom - slash - laundry room .
there was another seating area in the corner , two comfy armchairs separated by a round table and sharing an ottoman .
without hesitation , she moved to the safest area available , the centre of the loft , as he strode to its outer wall .
the dining area looked like the backstage of a new york fashion show had exploded in it .
we went in the back way , all of us loaded down with burgundy 's stuff and entered the small area set aside as a dressing room .
there was also an angle of the reception area where dawn was on the phone ( likely tearing me apart to one of her girlfriends ) and two screens showing the nightingale investigation parking spots .
brody asked but did n't expect an answer and then walked back to his desk chanting , ` ` three two two , three two two ... '' lee guided me out of the room and back to the reception area .
do n't do it in an enclosed area or you 'll get it too . ''
i did n't know what to do , if i got al dol ed up before appearing in the common areas of the apartment , i 'd look like i was trying too hard .
the living room led into a dining area with a beat - up wood table and ladder - back chairs , a bay window and a built - in hutch with mirrored back and glass - fronted doors .
she was n't listening , she was walking into the dining area and beaming at eddie .
ten minutes after mace and vance settled in to the comfy seating area with coffees , lee and another of his guys , matt , walked in .
mom , trixie , ada , blanca and lottie formed one huddle in the seating area , eddie 's sister gloria , tod , stevie and indy in another and the wild bunch plus hank the last .
half a dozen people were hanging around in the living room / kitchen open plan area that had high , cathedral ceilings .
the front door led to one big front room consisting of a living room to the right , dining area to the left , then a bar and set of cabinets that began a u - shaped kitchen .
` ` you 're spendin ' the night here , '' hank informed me , moving to the end of the counter that delineated the kitchen from the dining area and leaning a hip against it , then he crossed his arms .
i shouted at his back , but he 'd turned and was walking through the dining area .
the lights were out in the room we entered , but there was an inside door open , a light from the hal way there lit the space and i could tel it was a reception area .
then we hit the open area with hangman 's section and the character there swinging a noose in his hand like a lasso cottoned on immediately to the scaredy - cats in the bunch .
hank dragged me passed fiction , biography , crime , romance and straight to the open area that separated the front room from the back room ( travel , health , social studies ) and had a huge table on it with cartons of upturned vinyl wedged in them .
on the corner of the bar , separating the dining area from the kitchen , sat an enormous hal oween bowl fil ed to almost overflowing with hal oween candy .
there was storage underneath it and big areas cut in around the side walls of the bed that were above the lowered ceiling of the hall and closet .
boo was circling my feet , oddly absent during the bed area frolicking , he was now ready for breakfast and told me so repeatedly .
it consisted of a big rec room with a pool table , television and bunches of couches and chairs ; an enormous kitchen and dining area ; six large bedrooms ; a conference room where we did our family reunions ; an open plan office ; and three smaller rooms where we did counseling and tutoring .
even though it was well in the afternoon , way past coffee time , there were three customers waiting to give their order , two waiting for pick up and a scattering of customers in the seating area .
the hallway ceiling was low , the bed area was an elevated alcove , the ceiling high , there was only a small gap to get in and a lot of that was taken by the bed .
you even had to walk through the cage and round steel door of the old vault to get into the seating area .
indy went silent until we got close to lee 's offices and she directed me into an underground parking area .
all the lights were on and i was surprised at the reception area , it screamed money .
indy was clearing used cups from the seating area .
the back of a beat up leather armchair faced the dining room / kitchen area .
the kitchen was a u - shape , back and side walls had top and bottom cabinets , a counter delineating it from the dining area with only bottom cabinets .
the dining area held an old , round , oak four - seater .
the skinny , tall lady was behind the book counter and there were about five customers sitting around on the seating area enjoying coffee .
she went directly to a cordoned off area where jet , roxie , indy , ally , tod and stevie were all sitting .
as he reached for the phone , on another monitor bobby saw vance drive into the underground parking area .
* * * * * bobby bobby watched vance shoot out of the underground parking area on his harley .
` ` apparently , '' indy said , loving every minute of this , ` ` mace and monty were in the surveillance room and for shits and giggles they flipped on the sound and visual to the reception area .
he turned down the volume to the fortnum 's monitor and moved to the monitor that showed a visual of the reception area .
mace disappeared and seconds later we saw him hit the reception area and move to block the exit .
nightingale investigations ' reception area was all smooth , gleaming wood paneled walls , expensive leather couches ( with no stuffing coming out at all ) , a huge cowboy print in a heavy , carved - wood frame , a bronze statue of a bucking bronco in the corner and a mammoth reception desk with a state - of - the - art computer on it .
he opened the door to the reception area for me and i hightailed it across the room , focused on the outer door and escape and not looking at anyone .
all the walls were exposed brick , the ceiling had duct work , painted black , and the floor was shining wood planks cut only with rugs under the bed and living room areas .
smack center , between the four windows opposite the elevator , there was a kitchen area with a counter against the wall , a semi - circular bar facing the room , stools around the bar with stainless - steel bases and black leather seats .
she said he carried you through the reception area ! ''
the bar area was shoulder to shoulder , the seating area was entirely filled and neither area had a seat with indy 's and ally 's asses sitting on them .
the bar area was shoulder to shoulder , the seating area was entirely filled and neither area had a seat with indy 's and ally 's asses sitting on them .
the bar area was shoulder to shoulder , the seating area was entirely filled and neither area had a seat with indy 's and ally 's asses sitting on them .
they pulled me out of the bar and behind the back to the alley parking area and shoved me in the backseat of the car .
two minutes later , luke 's porsche glided in and parked in the yellow lined area right at the front doors next to eddie 's red dodge ram .
standing in the reception area of the gym , luke and i got in a fight about him talking to riley privately ` ` outside '' .
i breezed through the reception area but luke was n't in the reception area , he was waiting outside in the range rover which made my efforts at ` ` breezing '' moot .
i breezed through the reception area but luke was n't in the reception area , he was waiting outside in the range rover which made my efforts at ` ` breezing '' moot .
he rounded the bar and came into the kitchen area .
i watched as he lifted his hands to his shoulder blades , pulled off his tee and dropped it to the floor ( incidentally this annoyed me , considering i 'd spent ten minutes that afternoon gathering his clothes and throwing them in the laundry hamper in the utility area that was tucked behind the bathroom ) .
i felt relief flood through me , so much , i did n't notice he took my hand and held it as we walked out of his office , down the hall , through the reception area , to the parking garage and to his jag ( i did , however , notice dawn glaring at me ) .
chapter twenty - three gonzo luke and i walked into the nightingale investigations offices and everyone was in the reception area waiting for us .
we went in and i saw it was an office , big desk , chairs in front , couch on the back wall ; the same decor as the reception area .
not all of it , seeing as detective marker sat back down obviously deciding not to leave and hank , eddie and duke took different , slightly more aggressive / defensive positions within the coffee area .
` ` there are exterior cameras , the front , back and side doors and the parking area .
i wandered out of the kitchen area .
chapter twenty - one social call stella i fol owed mace and vance into the reception area .
from the minute i walked in it had been even less welcoming than in the reception area , mainly because hector was there .
` ` i saw her in the reception area .
ally was clearing coffee mugs from the seating area .
hector and i walked into the opened area where firemen and police were milling about .
daisy and i were with her , alphabetizing a mountain of paperwork in twenty - six piles across the nightingale investigation 's reception area .
the fact that it was jerry who 'd kidnapped me right out of nightingale investigations reception area and not one of the crazy , mean , f**king balducci brothers did n't make me any happier .
mace asked shirleen , he did n't break stride , he kept dragging me through the reception area .
shirleen stayed in the reception area but bobby took me straight through the door to the back rooms and into the surveillance room which was filled with a couple of desks , monitors , equipment and the big , muscular bulk that was jack .
then i saw shirleen disappear from the reception area .
luke , the police and now hector were in the reception area .
now there were stacks of pink books that we 'd bought in cherry creek on the low table in the seating area in front of the big plate glass window where we were congregated .
right then , the place was n't packed , but the seating area in front of the espresso counter was full and there were people in line for coffees .
this was because lincoln 's had two rows of stationary tables down its front room , at the end there was a bar , an entrance at the front , a door to the smoking area at the back .
the front of ren 's house was one long room with two seating areas .
one was just a seating area .
the other was the tv area .
he was sitting on a couch to my left in the tv area .
* * * * * i was curled up in ren 's armchair in his non - tv seating area downstairs .
` ` well , just saying , she even looks at me funny , in your reception area you 're gon na have a knockdown , drag out , hair pulling , nails scratching bitch smackdown catfight that might be so extreme , it 'll make the papers . ''
it was late morning at fortnum 's and we were sitting in the seating area at the front of the store .
i heard it when i got into the main area of club .
the receptionist , noticing her strained face , smiled tightly and pointed a perfectly manicured nail towards the waiting area .
sammy swept into the reception area .
the blood roared in his ears as he delicately led her through the house to the outside area for entertaining .
evelyn followed as closely as possible as he weaved his way in and out of the kitchen area .
` ` a lot of houses have them ; it makes it easier for the kitchen staff to serve if they have a waiting area to put all the food .
chapter eleven they sauntered to the back of the large house and sat beneath a tree hidden from the rest of the outside area , where the makeshift tent was already set up for her father and royce 's mother .
the same glove store next to the disreputable areas ?
we jogged to the pool area .
by the time i returned to the main living area , both wes and gabe were gone .
splashes of red - throw pillows and blankets - decorated the living room area .
sconces lined the walls of the room , all lit , and blazing light into the otherwise dark , cold , dining area .
tex ignored me as he waltzed into the noisy bar and carried me through the main area towards the back .
once i was dry , i threw on a bathrobe and walked out into the main living area .
she walked back into the area of the house where she spent most of her time .
ms . walsh had the smaller office , nearest the door , but the principal and assistant principal both had their offices in this same area .
but for everyone else in the waiting area , all the exhausted family members of mysteriously ill patients , the quake seemed to be the last straw .
once we get past the main entry area , nobody 's going to look twice at either of us as long as we play it cool . ''
heart pounding , i walk into the kitchen area where dad is finishing up .
a cheerful voice from the other side of the large waiting area startled me from my scheming .
then it was just me and noah in the waiting area .
the plan was to enter through the cellar door , make our way through the basement storage area , and climb up to the main level , which would bring us to the industrial kitchen .
i sat at a table in the common area , as plain and impersonal as any hospital waiting room but with the addition of small round tables peppered with chairs .
mr . robins pointed out several walled - off areas and named them as we passed : the common room , the art studio , the music studio , the dining room , et cetera .
i followed him into an open area with sleek white leather couches .
i found her in a small lounge area , writing something in her journal with robotic , bloodless focus .
we were greeted by counselor wayne , who led us to the common area where we were divided into mini - groups .
beneath it , below ground , was a sprawling , windowless structure , segmented off into different areas that together comprised the ` ` testing facility . ''
she traced her finger to an area labeled kitchen , not far from where jamie said we 'd entered kells 's office - the decoy office .
it 's in the maintenance area .
` ` by the maintenance area .
the waiting area looked like a doctor 's office , complete with a gum - chewing , ponytailed receptionist .
i quickly searched for him and found him standing near the entrance , already stopped by one of the servers who catered to the pool area .
woods did n't speak as he stepped into the condo and walked into the living area .
rush walked over and took blaire 's hand , pulling her with him to sit in a more private area .
once i was out from under the tent , i went toward the darkness and away from the lights and the servers ' area .
he nudged me , and i put on a smile and headed to the private area of the dining room where the board of directors sat .
a hard thump sounds from the area on the other side of the wall where the dark - haired man went just moments ago .
like the rest of the bar , the area is dark , only the orange and red glow from various bar lights humming against the walls .
then it dawns on her and her widening eyes dart to and from me and all around the cold , dimly - lit , spacious area .
some faint light bathes the area in spots , pooling near the few small , horizontal windows set in the brick , covered by years of dust and thick with cobwebs .
i stand up and go over to the area where the coffee pot and microwave and mini - fridge is kept , popping open the door of the fridge and retrieving a bottle of water .
we both laugh together and slip inside the break room , which is really just a room with a leather sofa and matching chair with a marble coffee table and two end tables , a flat screen television mounted on the wall and a kitchenette area in one corner .
like i do every week , i count the lockers in the small room adjacent to the check - in area just after i secure my wallet , cell phone , and keys inside one .
she pointed toward the skylight that offered a view of the darkening sky , reminding him of the invisible spell that was wrapped around the area .
the shared area was a place to relax and mingle .
zak prodded , carefully monitoring calso 's gaze , which instinctively shifted toward the area of the desk .
with an unexpected speed , regan was moving deeper into the living area of the rv , punching holes into the faux wooden panels of the wall .
unlike the rest of the lower chambers , he sensed that someone regularly spent time in this area .
the cabin is basically a large room that makes up the kitchen , living room , and dining area , and then a small hallway that leads to the bathroom and the bedroom .
dad and i used to come here a lot , and as we pull into the parking area , it 's hard not to think about him and wish that he were here , too .
she picked up her plate and headed off with me to the dining area .
corrine began to busy herself in one area of the room , which based on the bottles and spices and little what - nots located there , seemed to be where she created her potions , or whatever it was that she did with her time .
i noted how there were various chains and whips and contraptions that made my gut clench arranged in various areas of the room .
traces of blood still appeared in several areas of the room - some ben 's , some lucas ' , some sofia 's , some mine .
rows of various villas lined one area of the estate while what looked like an interconnection of buildings with one big dome in the middle represented what i assumed was the center of the hunters ' headquarters .
it took several more minutes before we finally arrived at the most secured and heavily guarded area in the mansion .
her quarters were composed of a master bedroom , two guest rooms , a living area , a kitchen and a dining area .
her quarters were composed of a master bedroom , two guest rooms , a living area , a kitchen and a dining area .
chapter 18 : sofia i sat on the red velvet couch in the living room area of my quarters in the catacombs .
i walked forward before nodding toward the direction of the dining area .
thus , as i sat across from him on one of the couches in the lounge area of his office , i was desperately trying to figure out how i was going to explain that someone got to the orb before i did .
i turned to the other side - to the area of the mountain caves that led to the cells , the island 's prison system .
i found myself taking a trip down memory lane ... to the day i first saw anna in the shade ... sam and i were instructed to guard the southeast area of the crimson fortress .
` ` i ' m on it , '' vivienne assured me , as she rushed toward the area where the fight was happening .
vivienne led me to a small living area where claudia sat on one of the lounge chairs , her eyes fixed on vacant space .
she gave me a curt nod and made her way out of the living area .
while ashley and the others took seats in the main passenger area , i headed directly to a small room at the front of the ship , where i found liana sitting in the captain 's seat behind all the main controls .
as soon as we entered shallower waters , i got up and made my way into the passenger area .
the floor of the passenger area was lined with people writhing and screaming , most still in the middle of their transformation .
i looked around the place briefly ; there was a double bedroom with en suite bathroom , a kitchen area and a cozy sitting room .
i just need you to avoid all the main communal areas like the reception and training rooms . ''
i ran along half a dozen more corridors until i reached the reception area .
the trunks were now bare from the point we were standing for about three hundred feet upward , where the leaves began again , creating an enclosed area for this wondrous city and forming a ceiling that protected it from the direct heat of the sun .
we left the twins with him and walked with anna toward the pit , the one tiny area of the island where the sun shone through .
it consisted only of one room - containing a bed , a cooking area , a table and a chair - and a bathroom .
i made my way back to the central area of the tunnels and climbed the slope leading out into the night 's fresh air .
in the dining area , searching like a mad man . ''
the area is completely open , with two desks in the middle of the open space .
mirage has a communal bathing area , much like a gym or college .
instantly forgiven for the way she 'd blown him off a minute ago , she learned his name was scott , that he was a thirty - four - year - old sales rep for an italian shoe company , and that he 'd noticed her in the airport 's waiting area before the flight and could n't believe his luck at being seated beside her .
as the two of them headed toward the area where the wedding photos were being taken , she said , ` ` i wonder what tatiana is thinking after what she saw ? ''
although , when she found her name card at one of the family tables up at the front of the reception area , mia decided she might very well have to kill nicola and marcus , even though it was their special day ... because , as luck would have it , they 'd seated her right next to ford .
after all , she 'd already abruptly left work in the middle of the day , chased ford to oregon , then jumped him in the middle of a crowded backstage area .
by the time she returned to the large , open - plan living and kitchen area , they had jack in a captive circle of their youth and beauty .
she could easily read the frustration on jack 's handsome face as she told them she 'd join everyone in the common area in a couple of minutes .
so , instead of wheeling her suitcase from the san francisco airport baggage claim area over to the taxi station to head home to her apartment , she impulsively headed for the rental - car desk .
grayson parked in a dark corner behind a large grouping of shrubs at the very edge of the parking area .
before he could answer , she walked around the thick shrubs and finally saw the brightly lit barn , and the colored lanterns that were placed along the path from the parking area .
she turned and disappeared into the cramped back area where the employee lockers were .
or maybe , she thought , they 'd gotten here first but had been lying in wait for the perfect chance to take pictures of the whole family when they finally emerged into the more public area of the hospital .
his eyes were on her from where he stood in the sitting area , obviously having just laid out food for both of them on the coffee table .
before she could protest , anne waved to the small curtained area in the corner .
she motioned for atlas to follow them out back to the training area .
fairly certain that zach 's brother smith was likely one of the ` ` moral - free movie stars , '' heather said , ` ` why do n't i show you some of the improvements i ' ve made to the training areas ? ''
` ` sammy , '' he called out across the reception area , motioning for his employee to take over the bar again .
he did n't stop walking until they were hidden behind a large storage shed , just on the edge of the reception area .
she 'd known her family was going to be watching her very carefully when she walked back into the reception area , and that even the slightest indication that something had happened to her would send all six of her brothers on a rampage .
sophie could hear sniffles from all throughout the reception area .
sophie 's heart started pounding an out - of - control beat as lori sashayed across the reception area to give her the microphone .
a huge ceiling beam had fallen down over the rail and it had sent the whole area around it up in massive flames .
he was just heading out of the hotel 's large reception area when he saw a crowd of what looked like college football players surrounding someone .
she needed a few seconds to herself before she went out in the group area to say hello to the fans who had paid extra to the charity for the privilege of a picture and a chat with her .
she walked into the curtained - off area , where katie , her tour manager , immediately led her over to the first group .
her skin prickled and heated up as she moved through the area , but even as she took a quick glance around the room to look for the only person on earth who had ever made her feel like that , she knew that there was no way marcus could be in idaho .
called by the master to come forward , the crowd moved like a glacier , pushing its way toward the auctioneer 's stand and bulging out of the cordoned - off area where the horse was displayed .
the stallion had broken free from his handlers , leapt into the cordoned - off area where the crowd had watched the auction and burst into the throng of people , scattering them like marbles across a floor .
led the way into the stable area and approached the stall sabbath had been in .
originally , the room had been a grain storage area and it still smelled like old sweet feed when it rained , no matter how many times he shampooed the rug he 'd installed .
as devlin piloted them to the competitors ' area , which was down a dirt road past lines of cars that had been parked on the grass , a.j .
up at the main level 's lobby , the hustle and bustle of the porte cochere had invaded the reception area , a line of people snaking out from a bell captain who stood guard at a set of velvet ropes .
and then as jim ghosted through the morgue 's double doors , there was another bottleneck of badges in the reception area , this one mixing with members of the medical staff .
stepping through the staff only doors , the fluorescent - lit area beyond was kitted out with more stainless steel than a smelting factory , what between the five workstations , the half dozen deep - bellied sinks , and all those godforsaken scales .
and currently used , at least partially , as a storage area : lined up against the rough walls , banquet chairs were stacked six to eight feet tall , the brass of all those legs and the bloodred velvet seats providing some kind of cover .
as instructed , she went to the back , passed the magazine section , mounted the three steps up into the romance and fiction area , and then headed farther down to military .
` ` goddamn you ... '' mels marched all over , searching the fiction section ; then the lower level by the magazines , and even further on to the checkout area .
all he saw were open doors that framed the boxy space , the bedrooms clustered around an oriental rug and sitting area the size of the garage 's entire studio apartment- thirteen .
well , and then there was also the fun stuff in her ` ` bedroom '' area , the king - size bed , the vanity with all her makeup , her racks and racks of clothes , her shelves of shoes , her cupboards of bags .
damn it , he thought as he followed her to the linoleum - floored eating area , with its round table and four chairs .
as she laughed again , they rounded a corner , approaching a glass - enclosed reception and office area .
with any luck , there 'd be a couple of stragglers in the bar area who he could muscle out the front door - preferably when it was closed and locked .
articulated plaster molding that was gold leafed ran up the side walls where the box seats were and across the balcony of the second - story seating area and all around the greco - roman murals that were painted on the walls .
at the allotted moment in history - not that she was blowing this out of proportion or anything , she pulled her suv into the parking area and found a spot .
there was quite a distance between him and the teeming trough area , a kay jewelers store , a radioshack , and a brookstone separating him from the stalls of high - calorie junk food .
the second - story sitting area had an arrangement similar to the one in the parlor , sofas and love seats placed with care around an oriental rug , little side tables supporting lamps and small objects made of stone as well as coasters for drinks consumed long , long ago .
resuming her promenade , she headed for the back to her bedroom - ish area .
past her showroom of a wardrobe came her shoes in their floor - to - ceiling cases ; her accessory area , where she kept her handbags , scarves , and jewelry ; and finally her makeup table , with its mirrors and all her chanel compacts , ysl liners , and estee lauder foundations .
striding down to her bedroom area , she fished around her purse and got her phone .
sissy asked as they came up to the second - story sitting area .
then he was out into the night , passing through the glass of the circular window that overlooked the sitting area , angel airlines taking him through the air .
he kept his voice casual as he scanned around the living area , cataloging objects .
as they walked through the office area and into the exhibition space , the deference assail was now accorded was a new thing - earned through both the huge product orders he 'd been putting in as well as the spilled blood of countless humans : thanks to him , suicides among disenfranchised males age eighteen to twenty - nine with criminal drug records had struck an all - time high in the city , making even the national news .
although it was unlikely that there was only the one way in and out through the reception area - there had to be escape routes , in case of an attack - unfortunately , she had no clue about the layout of the facility .
out in the waiting area , she stopped in front of the reception desk and stared hard at the female who was sitting up in alarm .
inside , the place was old - school rat pack done right , a modern interpretation of the era that had spawned the likes of peter lawford and the chairman of the board : an entryway with black - and - red flocked wallpaper took you to the receiving area , where the coat check , retro hostess stand and cashier 's desk were .
moving along , he stopped again when he got to the clinic area .
blay nodded to the bouncers , big rob and silent tom , and pushed out of the staff area into the club proper .
` ` this is my associate , by the way , '' assail murmured as he stepped into the office area .
a sudden murmuring in the waiting area was a sure sign they 'd walked into a public place .
the good news was that he was fast - tracked to a private area with minimal interruption .
outside of the open area , there was a short hall and then that set of stairs , and it took her forever to get over there .
and it was as he shuddered that he became one with the night air , casting his molecules to the south , to a rest area approximately twenty miles down the northway .
the ` ` furniture '' was all built - in : burled walnut cabinetry served as side tables , bureaus , and the desk area , absolutely none of it getting in the way of the glass walls .
unburdened by all the bowing and the ritual greetings that would have been his due as king , they made excellent time , the finish of the castle growing coarser as they proceeded away from the court areas and down into the servants ' purview .
stomach churning , she resumed her restless promenade , heading past the pool area and into the geometrically constructed formal gardens .
sola did n't have enough pride left to try to be cool as she looked around again , searching the entry from the dining area , the archway that was used when you came from upstairs or the office , the shallow hall at the head of the basement steps .
stepping out from it , the deliverymen who were unloading commercial cleaning supplies into the holding area ignored him , and so did the bike messenger who was streaking down the back alley .
on that note , her grandmother nodded and walked out of the shallow living area .
iam just nodded and kept scanning the back area .
a small group of already drunk students were in the commons area , but a congregation of people were gathered around the four kegs in the kitchen .
` ` everything is great , '' i said , leaving them both for the front area of the radio station .
i walked toward the front area , but before i made it to the doorway , a loud boom threw me in the opposite direction .
that thought warmed me as i walked down the long hallway lined with lockers , across the commons area to a set that sat alone in the middle of the floor next to the library .
we passed the set of lockers that stood alone in the middle of the commons area and then turned left toward the office .
the entrance area was empty , but music was playing through the speakers .
i ca n't just shut him down while he 's out here in the waiting area !
the really interesting labs are down several levels in the high - security areas . ''
i glanced up at the ceiling where a black , glass eye watched us and shook my head before we stepped out into a wide open area dotted with tables and groups of chairs .
` ` this is one of the study areas in the facility .
there was the familiar beep as the door unlocked , and i let myself into a small waiting area full of sculpted plastic chairs and glass tables .
he led me past the tall freezers , through a storage area , and into a morgue - like space with white tile floors and a drain in the floor .
` ` inside is a locker room and an army surplus area with gear .
she did n't have time to ask any more questions as they came to the main communications area where she 'd first entered the compound .
several large community tables filled the space , and a service area lined the wall .
other ship bays dotted the area , dwarfing the one where the athena sat .
her boots clicked against the cement as they headed toward a double door she guessed led to other areas of aldani 's lab .
the place was larger than she expected , with three levels of labs and a storage area deep underground .
i ca n't tell if the whole facility is one large room or broken up into smaller areas . ''
when the hissing started , you had sixty seconds to find the nearest escape hatch or you 'd find yourself sucked into the furnace area , or worse , vented into space . ''
crew quarters were a floor below , and instead of separate officer / crew areas , everyone bunked in the same corridor .
as she cleared the area , she spotted a small , dark - haired woman bent over one of the consoles .
the spacer landing area was as dirty and seedy as she remembered , with worn cargo crates stacked in corners and flickering hololights casting their strange fake glow over the space .
even behind the closed curtains , lights flashed and danced from the signs and billboards lining the area .
the warehouse area was n't known for its friendliness , and if the residents sensed weakness , they 'd be on her in a second , taking her for an easy mark .
viktis raced toward the flight deck , a small area at the front of the ship , and renna followed closely behind .
excitement shivered through her , and with a thought , renna 's view switched between areas , almost like switching between surveillance monitors .
finn had had his own office area at the opposite end of the space , but he 'd rarely been there , preferring to be down with the rest of the members in the central space .
now , samil had set up an open - air lab area where blur 's desk had been , with machines and medical devices .
from what she could tell , the torture room was in what used to be an old storage area not too far from here .
if she could skip the main area , maybe they 'd make it out of here without being caught .
renna glanced back toward the lab area .
clenching her fingers around the gurney handle , she pushed it down the hallway and into the back area where larson had captured them a few hours ago .
a great gust of wind blew through the central strike area , clearing the smoke for a few seconds .
she slipped out the open hatch , stepping away from the landing area as ariz took off .
she wheels her chair into the dining area , close enough to tina to get assaulted with hugs and kisses .
it takes me a little while before i realize i ' m still standing in the middle of the dining area , watching them .
before i can think too hard about what nat said , i step back into the living area , wringing my hands together .
i quickly check the kitchen , living area , and all the bedrooms .
ceecee comes down the hall and into the living area , and without greeting a soul , she wheels past us all and down the hall leading to the kids ' bedrooms .
we get the job done in less than five minutes and make our way back to the living area to find everyone has moved over to the three three - seater sofas surrounding the tv in a u - shape .
felicity and i hold hands as we sweep through the crowd over to the stairs , where a new alice is manning the out - of - bounds , family - only , vip area .
we made our way to the living area , where max had his feet up watching a college sports match .
as soon as we arrive at the bottom of the stairs to the vip area , the new , shy alice stands there , eyes firmly fixed to the ground .
gaining what little courage i have left in me , i slide out of bed and dress in my pajama shorts and loose pink cupcakeinator tee and walk out of my room , into the living - slash - kitchen area .
he stepped out of the lights of the reception area to the wooded area beyond , his temper flaring at the sight of hannah moving into the woods by herself .
he took one last longing look at her sleeping peacefully before he removed himself to a darker area of denver .
` ` hudson , '' marcus called out to me in a soft voice as i walked into the emergency room 's waiting area .
shayla grinned at me as she talked about the new couple that had been seated in my area .
lucky walked out from the dining area and looked around .
i realized that he was waiting for me to go to him , so i walked slowly in the area of the door .
we turned the corner , and i stopped when i saw a large common room area with a brightly lit kitchen that reminded me of my group home .
when we reached the common area , he jerked his head , and everyone cleared out .
darkness prevailed in his corner of the pool area , but the floodlight attached to the building confirmed that he was n't merely hearing an echo of the two people he could n't seem to forget .
emma slowed as they reached the pool area .
she shrank back as manuel spoke again , because this time he was right outside the fitting room area .
he and max were the only ones in the pool area , but he knew there should be a few maids not far away .
preston had rented a suite , with a bedroom on one side and a small kitchen and living area on the other .
he 'd managed to find a brand - new motel in cedar rapids that had two bedrooms and a small kitchen area , and was available for rent by the week - or would be soon .
` ` pool area 's closed for the night . ''
the pool area was empty .
preston moved toward the french doors on the other side of an elaborate pool and patio area .
finding a rock in the planter area next to the french doors , she bent to pick it up .
the area in front of the christmas tree was now crowded with the gifts his daughters had wrapped .
they were working in the area off the kitchen , which was next to the living room , but he had n't heard anything .
with its low - ceiling and tacked - on look , the room at the back was more like a shed or a storage area .
they parked next to a bus that had held other prisoners , judging by the crowded intake area and the c.o.s waiting there .
she 'd been walking through the bull - pen area , was n't quite at her office , and did n't want to pass shelley .
a wall of windows made it plain that she was n't in the central kitchen , dining or living room area .
on his property , an expansive deck and party - type barbecue area took up most of the back and side yards .
but the moment he closed his eyes , chrissy gunther came dashing into the reception area , squawking like an old hen .
after that , they encountered a small kitchen and dining area with a view of the lake .
not to hurt claire ... wringing his hands , jeremy paced in the laundry area for several minutes while images - terrible images - crowded his head .
rusty had snapped on the flashlight he carried on his belt and was aiming its beam into the shadowy area below the stairs , but isaac could n't see what he was referring to .
the dim glow of the single bulb dangling over the laundry area did n't extend to the corners of the concrete basement , and he 'd been searching the finished parts of the house , looking through drawers and in closets for bank statements , bills and other documentation .
thanks to wythe , who , on her second day , had moved her from the relatively comfortable place tyndale had assigned her , she 'd been working number 14 stall , an isolated area that traced a narrow seam of coal a quarter of a mile from the shaft bottom .
around the corner , in the loading area , there were more broken lights - and four bodies .
mrs . vaughn followed them into the reception area , where they waited for alexa to retrieve her backpack .
21 with a master bed and bath upstairs , and a bedroom with bath , a small kitchen , a living room , mudroom and laundry area downstairs , ted 's guesthouse was tiny compared to what sophia was used to .
she gestured at the dark area under the deck .
addy looked through the inside window to see dylan amos stalking through the reception area like a bull charging at a red flag .
leaving her post at the back desk , addy went to peek over the saloon - type doors leading into the dining area .
helen 's voice seemed to echo through the whole dining area .
noah followed him halfway across the dining area before clyde noticed he had company .
in a small covelike display area , he found a picture of ten people , who all looked to be about the same age .
provided all went well , she 'd go to the anesthesia recovery area after surgery and then back to intensive care until she stabilized .
she could hear the tramp of footsteps , as well as male voices , in what would probably be the hall and kitchen areas .
he wiped down the coffee area .
a woman in a white jacket poked her head through a door near the reception area .
hurrying to keep up , she followed as he crossed the grass and went behind the tennis courts , past the pool house , the guesthouse , a second barbecue area , this one with a koi pond , and what looked like an outdoor dancing pavilion .
simon checked to make sure gail was still engaged with the furniture salesman across the display area .
the booths around the perimeter of the main dining area were done in lavender vinyl ; the country - style oak tables in the middle of the floor had chairs sporting cushions with big bows that could only have been hand - sewn .
* * * ian climbed out of his car as soon as he saw simon pass through the doors of the baggage claim area and into the pickup zone .
but brandon 's tv was in the loft area above .
noelle had decreed that kyle was not to see her before the ceremony , so the groom and his men were sequestered in a different area of the mansion than the bride and her ladies .
when she reached the reception area , she saw him standing just inside the door with an exasperated - looking man wearing what appeared to be an expensive suit .
after his sisters had left for college and his mother had moved to town , he 'd converted the stables that had once housed the reverend 's mean horse and a couple of boarder horses into a large open area where he could restore antique cars .
but when hunter 's plane finally arrived and the passengers streamed into the baggage claim area , the only person she saw who even remotely resembled that mental picture was immediately approached by someone else .
especially now ... she 'd clean out her storage areas when she was back on stable ground .
finally , she reached the area under the stairs where she kept her personal mementos , as well as her father 's belongings .
when he reached the area behind the stairs , madeline clutched hunter 's arm .
despite the lump rising in her throat , allie searched the area between the chicken coop and the shed , listening for voices or movement .
the movements she heard seemed to be coming from the area around the back door .
` ` okay , how 'bout you do the front and back planter areas ? ''
she splashed some water on her face and patted it dry , then marched into the dining area .
grace lowered her voice because they were entering a more crowded area .
the storage unit would yield only the scraps from the storage area above the garage or drawers malcolm 's family had overlooked .
dropping her purse and her briefcase on the floor in the reception area , she gripped the phone tighter .
the reception area appeared to be closed for the night , but there was a light in one of the back offices .
excited to see the person who 'd saved her life and then helped her through the darkest period of it , jane went to the reception area to greet her .
she turned to speak to the volunteers who 'd once again come out to the reception area to say hello , then did a double - take when she focused on jane again .
he stood at the periphery of the crowd that milled around the conference room and reception areas at the last stand .
my mother refused to work in the preparation area or what we called ' the back end . ' ''
the deputy coroner had just pulled the van around to the loading area .
she told me i could have sex with her after if i 'd do it -- she 'd started putting stipulations on our time together by then -- but she must ' ve told her mother i was up to something , or got her to come to the back some other way , because her mother never went near the preparation area .
she tried to appear calm and in control as she presented her back to the sprinkling of agents in the bullpen and the secretaries in the reception area .
he crossed to skye 's office , one of four that branched off the reception area .
squinting into the setting sun , he studied the pool area .
she eyed the entrance under the covered drop - off area as if eager to draw his attention away from her vehicle .
criminals typically confine their activities to familiar areas , areas where they feel most comfortable and in control .
bees hovered amid the kudzu that had taken over the front planter areas .
he could hear her and owen talking behind the closed door that separated the reception area from the examination room .
because there was no mistaking the identity of the tall blond man who emerged from the back area of the restaurant .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i warned you , '' she said as she made her way to the office directly across from the reception area .
all three girls lived in single - family homes located in the campus commons area along the american river .
getting up , jane grudgingly swept and straightened her station , then went out next to the smelly dumpster in back , which was their designated ` ` smoking area , '' and lit up again .
surprisingly , he held open the swinging door that allowed her to pass through the reception area .
hiking the bag that contained his laptop computer higher on his shoulder , he left the ticketing area .
a quick peek around her book told hannah that deborah wheeler , one of coach blaine 's daughters , had made that comment from a seat in the waiting area closer to the front desk .
the master had a large sitting area , which had been lovely .
she frowned as if she had n't expected him to accept the courtesy but waved him back into the kitchen area .
releasing a long , silent sigh , booker followed orton across the reception area .
` ` dinner 's ready , '' she said , setting everything on the counter that separated the dining area from the kitchen , since she no longer had a table .
over in the dart area , billy joe and bobby whooped , ` ` watch out , josh .
delaney accepted the soda water rebecca handed her and pressed through the crowd until she reached the darts area in the corner , where billy joe and bobby waited for them .
through the next window , she could make out the area around the deck and pool .
butch obviously used this area to discard the stuff he was n't all that interested in .
a renovated old house fronting chandler boulevard , it contained a reception room , a small kitchen , two bathrooms , a storage area and francesca 's private office .
noise , coming from the reception area , indicated the other operatives were returning from lunch , so rod stepped into the conference room milt had just vacated and shut the door .
she was about to do so , but hung up when lindstrom slammed her way into the reception area .
the beam of her flashlight preceded her as she headed into the office , which was located between the actual shop and the storage area in back .
the area was mainly for storage , so he had no way of seeing outside .
there was a dog pen on one side , also broken in places , and a rock pile in an area rachel could n't even call a yard .
ethan stood at the entry to the much smaller dining area he used when he was n't entertaining guests .
he 'd come through the fence by the garden area .
* * * marigold vacuumed , fended off her neighbor , and dusted the newly emptied areas of her apartment while north hauled around the furniture .
as marigold brewed the coffee , north grabbed a round patio table and two dining room chairs , and he made a cozy new dining area in one corner of the living room .
wren was sucking face with the guy from the coffee shop in the kitchen area .
she works in the back and rarely visits the actual dining area .
as she rushed forward , she must have crossed into a secure area because an alarm started sounding - both in my head and out of it .
we race through an area that looks like a cave - perfect for making out , complete with a classical spanish guitarist - but making out is no longer enough .
it was small , one room divided into a cooking area , a sleeping area and a place to sit .
it was small , one room divided into a cooking area , a sleeping area and a place to sit .
i stormed into the cooking area , starting the fire with a wave of my hand .
` ` no , no , this is just a holding and prep area .
as promised , hannah came to fetch me five minutes later , and she led me out the door and into the area beyond it .
` ` this building is the holding area , '' she said as we turned a sharp corner .
` ` we have cameras set up around the administrative and manufacturing areas , and regular patrols in the residential quarters .
she gestured to the holding area beneath the platform , hollow and dark .
it is also the most logical place to keep a prisoner , since it is well away from the living quarters and the high - traffic areas of the castle .
i wish to see the work area before i decide .
i nod to the area in front of the hearth .
before we do as floris ordered , tola and i take our horses to the paddock area and see them settled .
arriving at the hotel i park at the valet stand , cooper and i walk into the main reception area and i feel like someone knocks the air out of me .
she starts pacing back and forth in the only area not covered with my shit .
there i stood in the middle of the waiting area while he sobbed .
a bar separated the kitchen from the living area .
we walked back into the reception area .
it was behind our old middle school , with a parking area all to itself , sheltered from view .
i stand up on the makeshift stage , really just an area where the tables have been cleared away .
there was no room for anything else in the cargo area . ''
dred came to check the fortifications as he turned back toward the common area .
she sent rc-17 in to make sure no squatters had taken possession of the area , then she led her crew along to where the hallway widened into a great room .
there is a hull breach in the transport area .
the common area swarmed with men .
then he turned to dred , but whatever he might ' ve said was forestalled by footsteps , not coming from the heart of queensland but from the corridors leading from other areas of the station .
i can turn off the automated defenses and unseal the secondary docking area .
it had been a while since she 'd headed toward the docking area to assess the new fish .
pushing to her feet , dred signaled her two men and jogged past the two sets of security doors , through shantytown , and toward the reception area , where fish always milled around , as if expecting to be greeted by guards , someone to tell them where to go , what to do , how to get food and water .
some of those areas might go into lockdown at our intrusion .
at the next corner , a turret slammed the floor , saturating the whole area .
rather than bother them , i sat down with sam and we built an awesome block tower in the play area nearby .
down here , half the space contained a twin bed and kid 's furniture while the rest provided a play area .
if i ever come across you two screwing around in the common areas , i will hose you down like dogs . ''
the downstairs was huge and open with a loft area immediately upstairs .
i sat down in the central waiting area , staring at my phone like i could make it respond magically .
his voice came as i reached the arch leading back to the main bar area .
it should n't have surprised me to see that almost the entire back poolroom of bikers was now gathered around me and the bar area .
the waiting area had people milling around waiting for their friends or family members to finish up with their appointments , but i had n't heard the chime of the bell over the door ring to indicate a new arrival .
we need a front desk and a waiting area and upstairs is offices , but we were thinking about turning it more into a store . ''
i mean , none of us ever tripped over the others and the waiting area comfortably held up to ten people at a time , but this place doubled that .
he made a noise low in his throat and shifted his gaze to the petite blond woman that had come from the upstairs area of the shop and stopped next to me .
i pushed open the doors of the shop and had to wind my way through the people cluttering up the waiting area to get behind the desk .
i mean , even people who showed up on time had to stand in the back , and there were some people in the lobby area of the church just trying to hear even though they could n't see .
tommy and i moved toward the waiting area of the hot biscuit , right near ` ` the hostess will seat you '' sign .
what i did n't expect when i showed up on the saturday of the dance was alice franklin sitting in the waiting area of the curl up and dye , flipping through some ancient copy of teen vogue .
just before she disappeared behind the reception area , alice turned around and said , ` ` have a good time at the dance . ''
finally , i give up and head out into the small living room and kitchen area .
while the club itself does not run on solar power reserves , the offices and private areas do , '' she explains .
the vip area is a small balcony on the second floor that overlooks the first level dance floor and has a bird's - eye view of the hot tubs .
out of the bedroom , the living areas are empty .
we 're seated in the corner of the rooftop , a small screen separating us from the rest of the dining area .
there 's an outer sitting area with a wall full of mirrors and two small sofas .
ian when i step into my office suite , malcolm hedder is sitting in the waiting area looking like he went a few rounds down at the gym with some bruiser and lost .
there 's an open area with wooden shelves lining the walls , full of random figurines .
i follow avery to the bar area where she leans over the counter , trying to flag down the bartender .
` ` yeah , but i kind of have a habit of doing stuff like this , '' i explain as we cross the freshly mowed grass toward the loading area in front of the school .
he pours us both another drink in the kitchen area before he slips his fingers through mine and steers me through maggie 's house .
sage yells over the noise , pulling a repulsed face at a machine pouring fog across the dance area , like we 're in a freaking club or something .
she 's near the dance area with a cup in her hand , her attention fixed on a short , stocky guy that looks like he 's in college .
the area has been cleared out , most of the lights turned off , and the air is ghostly quiet .
the thought comes out of nowhere while i sit in the waiting room , waiting for ella to come out from the emergency area .
he backs toward the lineup area where two cars are parked side by side .
my head whips in the direction it 's coming from - the front area of the house .
i turn around and cross the grass toward the exit area of the park .
although , right as i ' m stepping out of the security of the gated area and onto the sidewalk beside the street , a sleek , black , and very expensive suv with tinted windows pulls up to the curb .
he nods his head once and then stands up straight , motioning me to follow him as he heads back down the hall toward the bar area and dance floor .
the women that i work with are loitering around near the bar area and sitting at the tables and some are on the stairway smoking .
i look around the area and over my shoulder , with the strangest feeling that i ' m being watched .
i shrug , pulling off my hood and tousling my fingers with my hair as i glance around the area .
her dark hair is pulled into a tight ponytail she stares darkly at me as she strolls into the room , glancing around at the back area and then the bed , appearing completely unbothered by the gun in my hand .
saying nothing more , we make a turn down a hallway and then duck behind a curtain where we proceed down a set of steps toward a lighted area , going further and further into the house .
i trudge out of the room and into the small living room that 's attached to the moderate - size kitchen and small dining area .
i think he thinks i ' m going to leave him because as soon as we step outside , he starts off toward this back area that leads to a stretch of desert , instead of toward my car .
the building is in an area that looks almost as sketchy as quinton 's house .
the apartment area is quiet as usual as i make my way across the vacant parking lot and up the stairway .
then he leads me out into the open bar area that has tables and chairs on one side and a few pool tables on the other .
as i ' m getting the crystal out from under my mattress , i notice that a small area of my roof has caved in , right where the water stain used to be , and now there 's a giant hole in its place .
until i get into the lounge area near the doorway , where my father 's waiting for me in one of the chairs in the corner of the room .
i ask as we step out into the pew area and turn for the exit doors to our left , which have wreaths on them .
when i get outside , i dash across the parking area and to the sidewalk .
` ` we 're on in like twenty , so we need to get your drums out of the car and into the back area . ''
` ` wait , we need to decide what song we 're going to open up with , '' lea says as brody picks his guitar up off the floor and starts heading for the stage area .
she laughs and lets me guide her up the stairs that lead to the entrance doors , where we pay our way in and take the elevators to the observation area .
instead of walking over to avery and saying hi like i desperately want to , i duck around to the back area of the foundation .
she contemplates something as we weave around a small crew taking a smoke break and make our way toward the back area of the foundation .
tearing my attention off the two of them , i put on a hardhat then return to my designated work area , by old mister shorty / sexist .
she asks as she follows me into the small kitchen area .
i apprehensively nod then start toward the parking area out front , baffled , not just because i ' m going but because i feel a pull to go ... well , in the direction of my jeep at least .
seth puts his laptop aside , stands up from the sofa , and walks over to the counter area .
roy goes over to the bar area and pours violet a drink .
` ` he turned into one hell of a card player , '' my uncle comments , all proud papa , as we step into the small kitchen area filled with smoke from the four guys sitting around the table , puffing on cigarettes .
grinding my teeth , i set the cards down on the table and follow the guy as he makes his way past the poker tables toward this back area hidden behind a steel wall .
` ` did it ... was it ... '' he struggles , nervously glancing around at the kitchen area , which is decorated with art , probably trevor 's .
i pout my bottom lip , tripping over my feet as i try to turn back toward the drink - serving area .
i nod then hurry down the hallway to the bathroom area .
i step past the sink area toward the bathtub .
her voice is small and sounds like it 's coming from the shower / tub area .
i turn the corner and step out into the shelf area that 's tucked between the kitchen and the bar and find violet huddled in the corner with legs pulled to her chest .
' i 'll escort you there , ' he says , trailing me as i hurriedly make my way through the cubicle area .
' i 'll be fine , ' i tell him as i veer left and head past the sitting area and toward the entrance doors .
still it helps that luke is there , helps that he tries to make it as easy as possible when the detective makes him sit out in the waiting area as if he 's the criminal , helps that when i get back to the room with the two - way mirror , i know that he 's right out there in the same building , within running distance .
i kick my legs , trying to break free , and end up knocking over a chair as we step out into the cubicle area .
he tries to me consoling as he maneuvers me around the desks and heads toward the front area of the building .
he kind of guides me back into the room as violet wanders out into the cubicle area , unaware that the detective has pulled me back .
i tap on the brake and stop in the exit area .
' although there is a kickboxing area .
i ' ve reached the mat area in my daze and seth , greyson and callie are all standing near me , like we 're at camp and attempting to form some sort of friendship circle .
she whirls toward the dancing area and i feel this instantaneous urge to follow her , remembering how sexy violet is when she dances .
she struggles to balance the tray as she maneuvers her way up the stairs and to the top area - the twenty - one and over area .
she struggles to balance the tray as she maneuvers her way up the stairs and to the top area - the twenty - one and over area .
' that might be the coolest present ever , ' i tell him as we reach the bottom floor and step out into the lounge area .
i breathe in the warmth as i step into the foyer area .
there are a few people sitting around in the lounging area , laughing and talking , a couple of whom i know , so i give them a wave and say hello before going to the elevator .
i ask , my eyes wide as i take in the lounge area packed with people dressed up in so many different types of costume it 's madness i tell you .
it 's late enough that there 's hardly anyone around , except for a few drunk college kids in the bar area dressed up for halloween .
then we slip down the steep hill and walk back toward the carport area .
i nod my chin in the direction of the dance area .
` ` an infrared scan of the building revealed increased concentration of heat and light in that area . ''
moments later , phillip ross exited his lab and made his way to the reception area , where ronald / mopsy , who was eyeing us slightly more speculatively , had nevertheless kept us in the hall , instead of inviting us in .
gunfire sounded from the direction of the reception area where i 'd left brooke .
as i ran down the hallway and into the reception area , an explosion sounded behind me , but i barely heard it , because the situation in front of me demanded every ounce of attention i could muster .
the second is confined to the executive wing , and the general wireless more or less serves to insulate that area from outside interference . ''
from the feeds , i could see a newly confident and swaggering bud escorting brittany out of the secured area , and once both guards were back at the desk , tiffany exited the bathroom .
the word bounced off the walls , and even though everything about this cabin - three bedrooms scrunched side by side , a combined living and kitchen area twice as big as i was used to - screamed not home , it was the difference in echoes between this house and ali 's that did me in .
giving up , claire turned to go into the pool area , but the towel thief turned at the exact same moment , and the two of them collided full force .
of course , we turned the little study area into a downstairs bedroom , just in case stosh could n't make it up the steps every night .
he pulled my body into his so hard that loud slapping sounds filled the area around us .
isabella gathered her clothing and covered up with the blanket , while positioning herself in the corner of the area we were in .
instead of taking us into the party area , she lead us back to a private quarters .
we were in the little entrance area of the room .
shalan said nothing as i grabbed her hand and led her toward the lounge area .
the weather was nice enough that we all went out to the pool yard and sat at the round table surrounding the area .
for the rest of the afternoon i carried down box after box until the whole attic , with the exception of the sewing area , was cleaned out .
by that time , the caterers had already set up everything on the first floor and out in the pool area .
i got to the far side of the pool area and sat down on a large lounge chair .
topless women were running all around the pool area and jumping in the water .
without even wrapping a towel around myself , i walked out into the bedroom area .
i walked through the dining room area and then into the kitchen .
when we got back into the bedroom area , i sat her down and kneeled in front of her .
the puppy was jumping at my feet , so i walked us to another area in the barn .
he guided us back to the kitchen area and pulled out two chairs .
on the other side of the room was the playpen area for the babies , but with the exception of jax , they were still sleeping .
i followed her down a long hallway and into a large room with a kitchen area .
he continued to pace around my little area without speaking to me .
ty had installed a little computer area in the kitchen to manage the bills and do anything else we needed to do for the farm .
conner came rushing in behind us and went into the back with her , while me , van and colt waited in the designated waiting area .
when i finally got into the main living area , it was so jammed packed with people , that i could n't find her .
as i turned the corner to the kitchen area , i noticed something else .
after the parade , we retreated to the area where the food stands had been set up .
once she 'd splashed most of the water onto the floor , i wrapped her in a towel and took her out to the bedroom area to get dressed .
if you hate it , i 'll rip out the drywall and replace the whole area . ''
she picked herself up and sat back on the counter in the same area as before .
i tried to stand still so he could n't pull me toward the billiards area .
` ` yeah , you mind walking with me to the billiard area .
if i was allowed , i would have jumped down and went through the taped off area to get to him .
i pulled away and started walking past him , out to the bar area .
when the men had their drinks , and had ordered food , they headed toward the billiards area .
i watched her leave the bar area and head over to the pool table .
the living and dining area had high ceilings that showed the original beams to the cabin , but a set of stairs with three doors above , told me there were other rooms .
after much consideration about the future of the business , we had decided to convert the bar to a family restaurant with a lounge and billiard area .
when i started balls around on the table , she came into the pool table area with her hands on her back .
i paced around the small area , thinking about him answering the door with a shotgun in his hand .
once upstairs , we located the waiting area , where we found his parents and ashley .
he picked me up with ease , carrying me back into the bedroom area .
bookshelves lined either side of the main aisle before it opened up into an area filled with long tables .
the first floor was a series of common areas linked together , including the living room that i was standing in right now , although it was a lot nicer than the one at styx hall , with upscale , expensive - looking furniture .
a few girls , amazons mostly , hung out in the common area downstairs , texting on their cells , watching tv , or both .
had she gone over into the pool area for some reason ?
four columns towered over the stage area , each one topped by a chimera crouching on a round globe , clutching the sphere with its curved claws and glaring out at where the crowd would sit .
instead of walking down the wide , main aisle toward the study tables and offices , i turned and headed for a quiet area in the back .
apparently , though , the hotel was n't quite big enough , because i saw people moving back and forth in a construction area attached to the right wing .
a large stone sculpture of skadi , the norse goddess of winter , stood in the middle of the carnival area , looking like a twin to the one inside the hotel lobby .
i turned and ran to the far end and into an open area , drawing him out past logan 's hiding spot .
i 'd forgotten all about nickamedes leaving to run some errands , but now he was back - and the library was a disaster area once more .
i got down on my hands and knees and ran my fingers over the marble floor around the entire area .
an enormous , circular room served as the center of the coliseum , with hallways and exhibit areas branching off the main space .
jewelry , pottery , clothing , weapons , and armor filled the exhibit area , all protected and preserved by artifact cases similar to those in the library of antiquities .
` ` there 's another entrance to the concert hall , a catwalk that looks down over the whole area . ''
every two hundred feet or so , more stairs led down to other areas below .
small wooden carvings of mythological creatures perched in glassed - in recesses in the walls , all staring out at the passengers who milled through the waiting area .
instead of heading for the checkout counter like i thought he might , the librarian skirted around that area and veered left into one of the wings .
i 'd expected the area to be filled with round tables covered with white linens , fine china , and gleaming silverware like at home .
` ` rachel believes they should be located somewhere in this area in the main courtyard . ''
according to a sign on the wall , this area was devoted to gods and goddesses of the sea , the sky , and all the storms that raged between them .
i cursed again , but there was nothing i could do to catch him , so i went back into the exhibit area to check on my friends .
no planes perched inside the area , no tools covered the concrete floor , and no other kinds of flight equipment could be seen anywhere .
eventually , i made it to the amphitheater and hurried through there , knowing that area would be empty at this time of day , and over to the far side .
glass cells stacked up three stories high around the circular room , with the interrogation table sitting in the center of the area .
i gave her a half - smile and headed to the tiny kitchen area .
she crossed her legs in the small area and smiled .
apparently , my father had reserved us a table ahead of time , so we did n't have to sit in a more common area of the restaurant .
the ladies room was just off the main dining area .
once i 'd made it back into the reception area , i spotted hope .
i stood and waited patiently for someone to walk through the double doors so that i could sneak into the restricted area .
the brightly lit shops lining the sidewalk overlooked the hudson river and gave off a quaint charm that embraced visitors , bringing them into the fold of the welcoming area .
she led nate to the waiting area , but he did n't sit .
he pulled into the main area and parked .
regan was led north and then backtracked , but the private area of the house is too closed off .
i was just starting to follow him to the gym doors when i saw ever walk in and march across to the knife - practice area .
i turned my attention forward as a few reboots stepped into the pilot 's area .
i laugh , then smile shyly as he follows me toward the bedroom area .
the living room area has a small kitchen nearby , and at the far end , through the open door , i can see a big bed .
lionel shuts the door between the bedroom and sitting area , blocking her from us .
there was a comfortable sitting area and a gas fire that added warmth and atmosphere .
fifty - seven two hours later she sat in the reception area of the shelbyville community hospital .
she disappeared through the fluttery panels of red - and - white cloth that screened the kitchen from the dining area .
he angled his head to indicate the cramped kitchen - living area and the small bedroom beyond .
with luck she would not think to check the heavily shadowed sitting area on the far side of the pool .
the space served as a waiting area for clients between treatments .
she appeared to be riveted by whatever was going on in the pool area below .
jake opened one of the heavy glass doors , held it for her and then followed her into the air - conditioned , artistically lit reception area .
clare 's voice reverberated through the thick glass doors that separated the emergency room reception area from the treatment rooms .
jake gripped the lighting surround with both hands and hoisted himself up into the shallow recessed area .
when the blaze was crackling properly he rose and walked between the two large recliners positioned in front of the hearth to the counter that divided the kitchen and living areas .
the graveled area apparently served as a parking lot for villantry 's service vehicles .
gwen came out of the dressing room area , fastening the waistband of her jeans .
he moved into the front area of the shop and made his way behind the counter .
the door to the reception area was partially ajar .
there is one illusion - talent , who may or may not be available , in the seattle area .
arcane has rented office space in the seattle area and is getting ready to set up a lab .
colby snapped the jeep around the last hairpin turn in river road and then slowed the vehicle and turned into the parking area below chained lady falls .
he 's just pulling into the parking area now , see ?
he sent the little mazda rocketing out of the parking area and onto river road .
the approaching lights angled off to the left as the vehicle eased into the parking area .
but when we reached the parking area and saw the ' vette was already there , dad did n't even start up the path that leads to the top of the falls .
` ` so much for coming here during the rest of our vacation to explore all those private areas . ''
he drove past the library and the small park next to it , then turned the corner into the town 's main shopping area .
nick had just racked the balls for another round when a familiar voice rumbled from the opening that divided the pool room from the bar area .
the player took a swipe at dwayne and sent him tumbling into one of the men who had come from the bar area to see what all the excitement was about .
i sat in the lobby 's lounge area , half hidden behind a bushy plant , and pretended to be absorbed in my cell phone , while the small digital camera hidden in my black crocheted purse recorded the lovebirds .
mad rogan stopped by the sitting area just short of the fountain and sat .
it had a small outdoor area facing the minute maid ballpark .
i ran out of the eating area into the parking lot and caught up with him at franklin street , troy at my heels .
in a moment , the area would be swarming with bailiffs , marshals , and cops .
he backed away into the kitchenette area .
he sat there for a while , glumly gazing through the window that separated his office from the main lab and work areas .
she set the heavy grocery bags down on the granite counter that divided the kitchen and living area .
he crossed the living area and took a seat on one of the high - backed swivel chairs at the counter .
she put down the bottle of extra virgin olive oil she had been about to uncork and stalked out of the kitchen into the small dining area .
the remains of several half - empty bottles and a number of unopened ones still littered the area .
he did n't even carry her through a waiting area .
the walk to her office , which was in the middle spoke on the floor above the jewelry design rooms , normally took sariana through a long , glass hall full of exotic plants and flowers and into the luxurious central hub building with its spacious showrooms , ballrooms and reception areas .
the realization that someone was following her had hit just as she had reached the deserted warehouse area near the docks .
severance got to his feet and brushed past her , heading for the sleeping area at the rear of the cabin .
desma led her guests into a wide , wedge - shaped seating area and punched up a selection of cold drinks from a serving tray .
she reached out , grabbed it by the fluffy tail , and hauled it into the safe area .
the curved structure seemed to rest almost unsupported on the ground , its diazite walls protecting the array of computers , study areas , and treasured bound volumes within .
fallon watched isabella point toward the small parking area behind the office .
the house was laid out in a giant h : bedrooms on the right , the rest of the living area to the left .
the loft was huge with another fireplace and a small sitting area with a fur rug , game table , and two upholstered chairs .
scanning the area above the stage , she could n't help but wonder if he was up there somewhere , watching her .
festive red , green , and white shades of the holiday season surrounded him , and every single boarding area looked identical to the next .
he rubbed his eyes and scanned the seating area .
though cooper had managed to keep her distracted in the boarding area , nothing could stop her from panicking now .
she strolled toward the area where the team sits when they 're not on the field .
no one would even know they were here unless they came around the corner and into the same area .
she stumbled into the familiar area and spun in a frenzied circle looking for isaac .
jace had a mate of his own now , and neither were slouches in the fighting area .
no one was in the kitchen , but the place was the disaster area he 'd left .
dougal 's room was a disaster area , graham always surprised his nephew could find his own bed .
a step led down into a backyard with a patch of grass and a path connecting it to a common area between the houses .
misty stepped into the common area and headed toward the first unfinished house she saw down the way .
security blocked the hallway on the left , and the hallway on the right opened into staff areas and kitchens filled with people .
he hung the helmet from the seat and made sure his backpack was well stashed in the saddlebag before he approached the fight area .
probably an old building or an event area of some kind , abandoned by its owners when money ran out .
what jace did n't expect was the wolf who sprang out of the shadows in a deserted stretch of the parking area and landed on jace full force .
deni was still shaky as they entered the fight club 's main area .
a door from this led out to a wide area between the house and five - car garage , a building that looked as though it had once been a stables .
spider growled under his breath , dodged a tower of round planters teetering precariously with his every step , and pushed into the small room that served as the reception area for his office .
the mirror in her dining area told her that her eyes were still shifter .
the floor opened out into an area as big as , or maybe bigger than , the house upstairs .
the main area was a living room with comfortable furniture , a big flat - screen television , a computer workstation , and beyond a room divider , a pool table .
if a family is large enough to spill to several houses , they might have the underground area in only one house , where the whole pack or pride gathers .
or perhaps this had once been a loading dock , garage , or storage area .
the wheel consisted of a round common area from which a dozen office rooms branched in a circle .
in the back of the lobby , a reception area waited , flanked by shorter columns that supported white statues of men on some sort of mounts .
ven strode to the reception area across the polished floor inlaid with a green and gold mosaic .
this bungalow was airy , with a gigantic kitchen and an equally large living room with a dining area fixed in one corner .
he jammed on the gas , racing back toward austin , which loomed in the distance , the buildings of ut and the capitol area hugging the horizon .
he gave directions to a spot in the warehouse area south of ben white , near the freeway .
connor was in the office , where a back door led to the small parking area on the alley .
she went back into the warehouse area , then onto ben white again , heading west .
juliana spent the morning busy with preparations for the midsummer fete and making certain that the men worked in the most important areas of the house .
i had checked the outdoor area , but aunt b was n't at any of the black wrought - iron tables , so i went inside , past the counter filled with confections of chocolate , berry , and cream , through the narrow room with a bench to the back .
we had set up a small dining area there , two chairs and a table .
before the shift , the hotel was a many - star establishment , complete with an on - the - premises restaurant , a coffee shop , and a happy hour area raised on a three - foot platform .
he 'd taken the entire car , which had a little parlor and dining area in front and four tiny bedrooms in the back .
he and sinclair were alone at the windows of the long upstairs hall , while cam and mac mackenzie and steven and elliot mcbride talked and smoked heavily scented cigars in the sitting area at the other end .
by the time she reached eighteen , the red emergency light had blinked on , and she felt her heart quicken as she merged into the slow lane and coasted toward the rest area , trying not to think of what patrick might do to her if she ruined his car for good .
but when he pulled into the rest area , a solitary patch of ugly concrete in northern new jersey , and saw emma sitting there - hunched on a picnic table beside a large white dog , her legs pulled up so that her chin rested on her bare knees , somehow managing to look bored and worried and excited all at once - peter realized that this was even better .
he moved straight past the empty chairs and the watercolor paintings that decorated the sitting area , hurrying toward the elevator .
joe was motioning to their table , in the far corner , in an area he 'd left otherwise open so that they 'd have plenty of space to talk .
people are staking out their territory , laying claim to sections of the waiting area as if they plan to live there permanently .
around her , the gate area is still teeming with people , and she looks longingly toward the windows , wishing she were outside right now .
when she gets to the end of the waiting area , the colorless carpeting gives way to the linoleum of the corridor , and her suitcase teeters precariously on the rubber ridge that separates the two .
and by the time they pulled up to the departures area , every part of hadley seemed to be tingling with a kind of nervous energy .
the concrete partition between the two areas is coming up fast between them , and oliver lifts a hand to wave , still beaming at her .
later , after he 'd filled her tooth , dr . doyle walked hadley back out to the waiting area , something her old dentist had never done .
everyone in the sitting area is looking at her now , and the floral - patterned walls seem much too close .
when he emerged into the hallway that separated his room from his father 's and led back to the small kitchen and sitting area , owen caught a whiff of smoke , and the intensity of it , the vividness of the memory , almost took his knees out from under him .
there was a car waiting for her just outside the arrivals area , and she sat in the backseat and tried to keep her bleary eyes open as it glided through the rainy london streets .
but here he was now , waiting for lucy with a basket of chips in front of him and the sounds of a mariachi band drifting from the bar area , while his leg bobbed nervously beneath the table .
i followed them out into the main area , my heart thundering in my ears .
she stood in the middle of the living room area , her eyes on my closet .
marie tugged me toward the ` ` bar '' area , which was really just a bunch of wine coolers and beer cans on a folding table .
tables , doorknobs , and other fixtures were high - traffic areas for emotional imprints .
from a vampire 's perspective , i 'd deceived highly trained guards into betraying their master by taking me into what was supposed to be the most secure area of his house .
chapter 10 several covered dishes were on a tray in the sitting area when i came out of the bathroom .
six vodka cranberries later , i allowed sandra to talk me into going to the second floor where the dance area was .
this room had two doorways , and after determining that one led to an elegant sitting area , i went out the other into a long hallway with only two more doors until it opened into what looked like a set of interior crossroads .
i crossed the sitting area into my room since i did n't want to chance bumping into anyone in the hallway .
curious , i followed the sounds of conversation farther down the hall , coming at last to a large , open lounge area .
chapter 27 when i finished with my shower , i saw that my bedroom door leading to the sitting area was open .
then i went straight into the paneled sitting area instead of my bedroom .
the last guarded door opened into a cavernous area that was pitch black until vlad lit more torches with his power .
the first thing i saw was several sets of manacles embedded in a huge stone pillar in the center of the area .
the outdoor area must not be the only place vlad where got his impalement on .
my father came inside , his rapid but thorough glance taking in the area that was a smaller , paler green , and more feminine version of vlad 's bedroom .
mencheres glanced around the enclosed pool area with a slight shrug .
next kira went out onto the patio , but the pool area was empty .
he stayed seated in the living area , keeping his expression composed , as if he had n't been tuned in to her every nuance for the past few hours .
once inside , she did a slow sweep of the interior , which consisted of several bars , a huge center stage with a runway , a vip area cordoned off by glittering floor - to - ceiling strands , draperied alcoves , and a small dining area , to her surprise .
once inside , she did a slow sweep of the interior , which consisted of several bars , a huge center stage with a runway , a vip area cordoned off by glittering floor - to - ceiling strands , draperied alcoves , and a small dining area , to her surprise .
the staircase was of polished stone , cut into steps , and it led to an impossibly large living area with a huge domed ceiling .
you 'll have to squeeze into the weapons area , so it 's not comfy , but it 's quick . ''
after that incident three months ago , denise made sure to park in a well - lit area as close to the bar 's entrance as possible .
` ` i was going to take a shower , but it 's , um , there 's not a separate bathroom area .
the house was big , but if it was like every other vampire community home , the basement would be renovated into a cozy mass living area .
the pool table , computer area , kitchen , and exercise room seemed to be empty .
his blue eyes swept the area over my head , alert for anyone who might have overheard me and would tell angelica oh noes .
i swallowed my heart , then gathered the scattered pages and went back to reading the newspaper , a delicious luxury i swiped daily from the waiting area and examined between odd jobs if i 'd already digested the month 's plane and pilot cover to cover .
sitting , he spread himself out over a chair and the surrounding area .
there was a sitting area , a desk where he would spend most of the next week or however long he was stuck here , and a king - size bed .
wendy stood in the center of the spotless seating area , drumming her fingers together , mentally preparing for this meeting .
i watched the men dodge each other , throw over each other , lose their balance and stumble drunkenly out of the area of play , then jog back again .
in the living area sat shane sligh , whom holly knew by sight .
the walls of the waiting area were white .
a referee stepped into the ring as the competing groups entered from a side door , their assigned sitting area directly behind the press on one - half of the bleachers .
he growled and wrapped his arms around me , crushing me against him and pressing his mouth hard against mine as he walked , bumping into the closet area and bathroom .
a scarce ten minutes later , thorne pulled up in front of the restaurant 's valet parking area .
` ` i ' m hungry , '' thorne remarked as they neared the food area .
kaiden pulled into the valet parking area of the new york , new york hotel .
returning to the house , she went to her work area , where she kept her mortar and pestle , and began grinding the leaves of rosemary and lavender into a bowl , along with a handful of herbs .
calling for a doctor , stat , she led susie into the nearest examination area and drew the curtain .
curious , rafe drifted into the other area .
the adjoining sitting area was furnished with two rocking chairs , a low table , and a bookshelf filled with a number of books and dvds .
there was no one in sight , and no place to hide in the pool area .
savanah stood there a moment , her heart hammering in her chest and then , with a hand that trembled , she opened the door , revealing a combination closet and storage area .
mara asked as they exited the elevator on the second floor and entered the reception area .
after dressing , she went out into the reception area .
i walked out of the living area and headed to the stairs .
i had felt the tension at dinner , but it was magnified by the emptiness of the large sleeping area .
i felt the ice hanging off another area of the wall loosen and separate , but it took so much energy , i had to let go .
` ` tara is in the dining area with owen .
i walked over to the half wall separating the kitchen from the living area .
i followed maddy down past the restrooms to an employee only area .
i did n't hear anything out in the main area , so i carefully opened my door .
that 's when i realized the whole main dining area and bar area was empty .
that 's when i realized the whole main dining area and bar area was empty .
a girl walking out held open the door to the building for us , and we headed to the large cafeteria area .
i dragged him past bookshelf after bookshelf , and into a little alcove tucked under stairs that led to a storage area .
we walked around the backstage area until we reached the door to what i assumed was a vip room .
a small crowd congregated by the bar , and a few others stood in groups of three and four in the main area of the room .
the backstage area was dimly lit , and we walked slowly along toward the sound of voices .
the ride to the airport went entirely too fast , and before i knew it i was saying goodbye to juliet and sitting in the boarding area for my flight .
we finally got close to boarding the gondola , and we moved under the covered area which helped cut the wind .
i drove around for a few minutes until i gave up and found a spot in the employee area of the garage .
moving through the open living area , i made small talk with a few other old friends before spotting who i was looking for .
the pool house was really just one big room with a queen sized bed , a sitting area with a huge tv , and a small kitchen .
i went out of the gravelled employee parking area onto the blacktop that surfaced the much larger customer lot to the west of the bar .
arlene and dawn left before i was ready to go , for one reason and another ; mostly because all the napkin holders in my area proved to be half - empty .
` ` bellefleur , sit in someone else 's area if you come back , '' he said , but his voice held a lot of suppressed violence .
while the minister said what he had to , while jason and i sat alone in family area in the uneven folding chairs , i felt something in me detach and fly up , up into the blue brilliance : and i knew that whatever had happened to my grandmother , now she was at home .
why would jason park over here in the employees ' parking area ?
i raised my head to see that a spare , silver - haired man had stepped into our curtained area .
` ` then we went farther into the bomb shelter and found the larger room , along with an extended area full of supplies - food and guns - where it was obvious another vampire had been staying . ''
he went down the hall into the small kitchen area ( when he 'd remodeled his old family home , he 'd pretty much left out the kitchen , since he did n't need one ) and extracted another bottle from the refrigerator .
through that passage , you were into the kitchen / dining area , which had been added on soon after my grandparents ' wedding .
he led the way to a central block in the parking area , and i saw a gleaming elevator door .
i entered the silent warmth of the hall , which opened on my left into a kitchen enclosed by counters , not walls , so the eye was unobstructed in sweeping the living room / dining area .
i carried it behind the screen that concealed the hair - washing area , and wiped at a perfectly clean area just for verisimilitude ( a great word from my word of the day calendar ) .
the area directly under the awning was lit with a brilliant and cold light .
the serving area itself was in the middle of the room , a large square bar with a lift - up panel for the staff to go to and fro .
i knew the thinker was a man , and that his thoughts were coming from the area behind me , the area right around the bar .
i knew the thinker was a man , and that his thoughts were coming from the area behind me , the area right around the bar .
` ` then i 'll go get her a car and park it in the area to the rear of the house , and she can drive herself out tomorrow .
i pulled into the area by the little guard cubicle , where you had to wait to be recognized while the guy flipped the switch , or punched the button , or whatever made the barrier lift up .
there was another door at the end of it , a door that presumably led to the area behind the convenience store .
the robbers had come up into the higher area where the clerk stood , and they were beating on him .
there was a living room - dining room - kitchen combo , with a breakfast bar separating the galley kitchen from the rest of the area .
it was well away from the shopping areas that were my only normal stops in shreveport .
there was a desk just inside the door , with a waiting area opposite .
colonel flood insisted we sit in the company living room , which was an awkwardly narrow rectangle with a formal dining area at one end .
the driveway and parking area were clearly defined ; the matching white toolshed stood rust - free on a neat concrete slab .
chow waved me to the rear of the bar , and i was astonished to find the employee parking area jam - packed with cars that had been invisible from the road .
there were three open doorways that probably led into the formal living room , the dining room , and the bedroom area .
even in the winter chill , weeds pushed up through cracks in the parking area .
i figured it had been the work area .
i ' m always careful to make sure my clients are out of the backstage area .
at the last moment , i braked and turned in to navigate my way to the parking area behind the bar that was reserved for employees .
the door to the kitchen was just outside the bar area at the west end , and i stuck my head in the door to say hi to sweetie .
danielle worked the smoking section to the west , holly usually worked the middle area in front of the bar , and i worked the east when three of us were on duty .
claudine gave me a kiss on the forehead - fairies are very touchy - feely - and we went back into the bar area .
he bowed to me as deeply as the narrow area behind the bar permitted .
since the sonic was on the town 's main drag , there were lights up and down the street , and i could actually see pretty well in the areas where the structures allowed light to go ; unfortunately , that made the shadows impenetrable .
two people were ahead of me , having crossed the now - empty reception area .
we entered what had been the manufacturing area , i suppose ; the huge presses were long gone .
she pointed at a carpeted area to her left .
i 'd thought the enclosed area looked like a playground , but now , as the lights came up , i realized i was seeing something more like a jumping arena for horses crossed with a gymnastics arena - or a course for a dog agility competition for giant dogs .
once out of the tunnel , the wolf , mouth open in a pant , came to a level area covered with astroturf .
after checking my watch repeatedly , i was relieved to see a rather grand pearl cadillac pull into the front parking area .
the serving area could be shut off with folding doors , and the picnic tables that lined the room could be folded and moved aside .
the large windows facing the street were covered with opaque cream curtains , i noticed , as we turned in to the left side of the building to lurch through an alley that led to a parking area at the back .
` ` over there , on the gravel of your parking area , miss stackhouse , would be safest .
i was looking at the kitchen area for the first time in the daylight .
it had exposed brick and copper , a stainless steel food preparation area and a matching refrigerator , and a sink with a faucet that cost more than my clothes .
i sat down at the small dining table in the kitchen area .
i was n't really in an eric mood , but there was no point in telling the former viking he could n't come into the curtained area .
i staggered out of the triage area , spotted the doors to the waiting room , and aimed myself in that direction .
as the ghost car passed through the gate area , it winked out of existence right by the group of vampires who were clustered by the opening .
a thread - gill vampire was standing at the door of a room that seemed to serve as a reception area .
` ` the queen 's headquarters lost most of its roof , so there was extensive water damage on the second floor and in the attic area .
his office is in the staff area behind the registration desk .
within five minutes , the area in front of the elevator was crammed with people of all sorts and descriptions and degrees of living .
the area around the central elevator seemed spacious now , since it was so much emptier .
` ` where 's the baggage area ? ''
i pushed open the metal door and stepped into a cavernous area floored with concrete .
as i 'd progressed farther into the working area of the hotel ( beginning with the first plain beige corridor ) , the decor had scaled back to minimal .
this area was absolutely functional .
in an area by the far wall , to the left of the huge elevator , some suitcases were slumped together in a forlorn sort of suitcase corral , an area delineated by those posts that contain retractable strips that are used to direct crowds in airports .
in an area by the far wall , to the left of the huge elevator , some suitcases were slumped together in a forlorn sort of suitcase corral , an area delineated by those posts that contain retractable strips that are used to direct crowds in airports .
when i stepped off at sophie - anne 's floor , the lobby area around the elevator was silent and empty .
` ` and how did the can come to be on the queen 's floor , in that area ? ''
strange ; i could n't be certain , but one of them looked like the surly joe , the computer - consulting employee from the luggage area .
there was a door behind the counter that would allow employees to duck back for breaks and to attend customers in the range area .
without protesting , barry went back outside , and i crept down the counter to a clear area .
eric was on the ninth floor , which covered a much larger area than the queen 's .
( i wondered if he 'd gone by the booth that was still set up out in the vendors ' area , the one that had such amazing artificial fangs . )
i think the guy who was in on it was joe , the manager down in the luggage and delivery area .
that would be due to some of the larger explosive - packed coffin bombs in the shipping and receiving area .
the human floor , the mezzanine , and the lobby level were partially intact , though the area around the registration desk was destroyed .
by that time , since i 'd stolen one of the yellow jackets and one of the hard hats all the rescuers were wearing , i 'd gotten close enough to find two vampires , one of whom i knew , in the ruins of the check - in area , heavily overlaid by debris from the floors above .
and in the same area was todd donati , the security guy , alive but hurt , and a dead maid . ''
i could just hear a car pulling into the parking area by the sidewalk at the front of the house .
in my brief glimpse into her world , she 'd been at least trying to find a place for her disenfranchised pack , and she 'd done the research to find a weak area where she could establish a foothold .
most of the lights in the building were out except the one that stayed on over the bar area and the one in sam 's office .
` ` she needs to be sitting there , '' octavia said , pointing to an area circled by chalky symbols .
there were a few vampires seated throughout the bar area , strewn among the gawking tourists , the costumed vampire wannabes , and the humans who had business dealings with the vamps .
he scanned the food court area as if he suspected that someone had followed me , and he did n't relax when i dropped into a chair at his table .
working through the thickest growth , i made my way to a vantage point where i could see part of the parking area in front of the trailer and all of the backyard .
he turns and leaves the boarding area .
the van we were in had a solid wall between the cargo and driver 's area , but judging by the motion , i gathered we were en route to somewhere .
on may twenty - fifth , the day of the flight , the o'reillys met in the boarding area at the airport .
i 'd been prepared to change and make a dash for freedom if need be , but as it was , i just strolled back to the park 's public areas and out to the parking lot .
hunter loved his happy meal , ran the toy car from the container over the tabletop until i was absolutely tired of it , and then wanted to go into the play area .
after a few seconds of regarding each other warily , the two boys began shouting and running around the small play area together , and i relaxed , but cautiously .
the mother in the play area was staring after us , her mouth agape , and her little boy had come to stand in front of her , puzzled at his playmate 's abrupt departure .
we parked in the driveway at the front door , but as we 'd driven up i 'd glimpsed several cars in the back parking area .
there is a small bar area with a built in grill that we only used when there were guys over to start it up .
sliding my hand into his , i follow him through the gallery and down one of the halls to a roped off area .
when she slides her hand in mine , i lead her through to the back of the gallery , hoping i can come across a private area so that i can get my hands and mouth on her in a way that just would n't be appropriate in front of all these people .
we have this area cornered off , so candace is relaxed with it only being our friends around her .
and that 's where i 'll pop the question that way - on the outside chance kate actually turns me down - i 'll have her in a totally secluded area until i can change her mind .
the bar area walls and ceiling are coated with moss and lit up with blue , red , and green spotlights .
delores and i are alone in one partitioned area , whose walls are dotted with vibrantly colored and variously sized canvases depicting a wide range of subjects .
then , before the nurses can stop me , i sprint down the short hall to the emergency room waiting area where delores is .
i scan the pool area and spot a waitress scurrying across the concrete .
stepping out of the bedroom into the living area feels similar to when dorothy stepped out of her dilapidated house into oz .
the kitchen is a decent size , with a small dining area attached .
then i walk out to the back patio and down to the pool area where - just like november said - asher , trevor , and cash are all arguing .
i watch the video of me leaving the room with the nurse and heading to the waiting area , taking my girls to meet our family .
once inside , we 're ushered into a small waiting area .
we go over to the sitting area , and jax and ashlyn kneel in front of the table and start coloring .
when all is said and done , and i walk into the waiting area towards the kids , i feel hot .
the first thirty minutes is me trying to talk both of them into eating ; the rest of the time is spent watching them play in the indoor play area .
cash takes my hand again , and i pull him down the long dirt path to the glacier and the viewing area .
i walk around the corner and see that the area 's empty except for tara .
` ` this is a personnel - only area . ''
you need to wait in the waiting area . ''
the two businesses converted the store in between into a dining area used by both .
` ` if you show your balls in this weather , you 'll freeze them off , '' daemon growled as he studied what looked like a jumble of pipes over a round area with drains that flowed directly down the mountain .
` ` you cleaned up that sitting area . ''
he looked over at the area that had been occupied by the weaver family and saw james weaver step toward him , looking grim , angry , and battle - hard .
` ` there is n't an ice chest that she could find in the kitchen area . ''
the coffee shop provided a playroom and a fenced outdoor play area for young children so that mothers could have a quiet moment to visit with friends .
two of them are working in a children 's play area . ''
taking her hand , he led her to the sitting area under the tree .
she looked at the people milling around the backyard of the residence and was glad her first circle had declared the sitting area under the tree to be the queen 's private spot - a place to catch her breath and a moment 's quiet before talking to the next group of well - wishers .
jumping off the bed , vae padded out of the bedroom and used craft to pull aside a curtain on one window in the living area .
layers of them going up in front of cassidy and curving around to close off the area where the landen family huddled .
the warlord managed a stiff - legged control all the way across the courtyard , then raced headlong down the stairs to the landing area , where he could catch the summer - sky wind and get out of ebon rih .
seemed to be coming from the area around the stairs , but it was there and gone before she could pinpoint the source , and there was nothing else in that part of the hall except a mirror on the wall opposite the stairs .
probably a mutual storage area for the bedrooms on either side .
she was sitting at the small table in the coach 's sitting area .
someone coming up the stone stairs from the landing area below had passed through the perimeter shield he 'd placed around the eyrie .
not the area that housed scholars when they came to study the books in the library , but the part of the keep set aside for the queen and her court .
she walked down what she 'd labeled the ` ` domestic '' corridor , since it provided entry to the pantry and the laundry and drying room ... and the small area between the pantry and laundry that had a door to the outside and a purpose she was still puzzling over .
especially the fact that saetan had chosen the sitting area of his study as the place for this discussion .
but the lounge area was empty , and the toilet was n't occupied .
thera picked up her plate and walked over to the kitchen area of the large single room to begin cleaning up .
when they reached the kitchen area , she created a small ball of witchlight , enough to see by but not enough to disturb the others .
he kept his back to them and looked at the corrals set up as waiting areas for other races .
it was almost full dark by the time they reached the two large , ebon - gray shielded coaches at the far end of the landing area .
the room was a reversed l. the long side contained a comfortable sitting area with tables , chairs , and a black leather couch .
he kept moving until he reached the center of the lighted area .
two of the guards who had been standing beyond the lighted area , watching , approached lucivar and helped him to his feet while two others replaced the broken chains .
clenching his teeth , the warlord carried the basket to the table in the kitchen area .
nothing missing from the living area .
jaenelle checked the bedroom , then studied the worn sofa in the living area .
probing the area , he walked into the nearest empty room -- someone 's study .
in the center of their open ` ` council '' area stood a magnificent evergreen , its color undimmed by hell 's forever - twilight .
a bouncer inside immediately brought us to the vip area , and there behind a double round of more velvet ropes was jack .
an exercise area was quickly constructed with an obstacle course and a kiddie pool for playtime , and the contractors fenced in an extensive pasture for the dogs to run free .
an old shed was insulated and converted into an adoption area , with plenty of room for potential adoptive families to meet their new pup .
i pulled him through the waiting area by the hand .
i nodded , my head feeling like it weighed a thousand pounds , and headed back toward the ticketing area .
along with a multiterraced outdoor seating area , dotted with benches and fire pits , there was the in - ground hot tub they 'd installed .
` ` of course , '' i said , watching as he walked past the reception area and down one of the corridors .
excusing myself from simon , i followed her toward the back of the reception area .
i check the kitchen , the formal dining , the living room , and the rest of the downstairs area before heading up the stairs , making sure i turn lights on wherever i go .
i pour a glass again , this time walking over to the refrigerator and adding two ice cubes before turning on a few lights in the living area and returning to my office .
i hold my hands up as he is pulled off me , then push off the floor and stand up , stepping out of the bar area to give them space to check him over .
the chair legs scrape against the floor as i stand up and start to pace in the small confined area .
the brick and stone exterior sold me at first , then the polished wooden floors of the living area , the mezzanine floor bedroom that i now call my own , and the rooftop that opens up to the surrounding skyscrapers .
making my way down into the living area , then down the wooden stairs to the entranceway , i hesitate for a moment , sucking back the anger i still feel for ryan while trying to work out what the hell he 's playing at by bringing sam to my doorstep .
when we reach the living area , i walk behind the kitchen counter , buying myself some time to will my body back into a more relaxed state .
i need to start the day , so i get up and throw some clothes on before sleepily making my way out into the living area where i ' m planning on enjoying the kick ass coffeemaker that mac and kate have .
one final check in the mirror to make sure i ' m looking approachable and kissable , then i check my bed attire in the mirror one last time before venturing out into the living area .
zander walks out of our bedroom into the living area and goes over to the couch , shaking daniel 's hand and giving mac a kiss on the cheek before coming to see me in the kitchen .
i stumble out into the living area to find daniel sitting at the dining table with a coffee in his hands , reading the newspaper .
come back to me , baby , '' i murmur into her ear as i scoop her into my arms , standing up and carrying her over to the couch in the waiting area .
the kitchen is on the left hand side as i walk in , with a nice white dining table and chairs breaking up the living area and the kitchen .
when i reach the living area , kate and greg are sitting at the island in the kitchen talking and enjoying a glass of wine .
that the room was a disaster area , her bag was still here , and she was gone , did not bode well .
i nodded , walking slowly toward the desk so that i could get a sense of the reception area .
there was a closed door behind the reception area , and another one on the left side of the room behind an l - shaped sofa .
we emerged into an area with lower ceilings and signs for restrooms and customer service areas .
we emerged into an area with lower ceilings and signs for restrooms and customer service areas .
* * * after a few minutes we reached the well - lit area where the tunnel opened into an access area .
it was n't a big store , and it was divided neatly into areas by tall white bookshelves loaded with books , spices , and candles .
i took her advice and walked to the book area , which filled the shelves on the back wall of the store .
they all had little patio areas with stand - up heaters , i guess for chicagoans who were n't quite ready to give up the fight to winter .
one of the montclare boys was playing dj at the other end in front of a dance area .
a central hallway led to a bathroom , a bedroom , and a sitting area with a view of the lake .
to the right was a sizable oak desk ; to the left was a seating area of brown leather furniture .
we walked past a reception area and down a central hallway , then into a room on the right .
there were a dozen women in a room that had been decked out to look like a pageant staging area - big mirrors , lots of light , lots of ` ` product . ''
we saw connor and the rest of the novitiates around a long , narrow bar table at the edge of the seating area , drinks in their hands .
the main floor held the front and main parlors , ethan 's office , the state dining room , the kitchen , a cafeteria area for informal meals , and a series of smaller offices , one of which belonged to helen , who 'd been given the unenviable duty of introducing me to the world of vampires .
the room housed a couple of conversation areas , the furniture tailored and undoubtedly expensive .
there was a desk on the right , a seating area on the left , and at the far end , in front of a bank of velvet - curtained windows , a gigantic conference table .
we convened in the sitting area of ethan 's office over a plate of vegetables and hummus i 'd ordered from the kitchen .
i followed the long central hallway to the cafeteria area , where a handful of vampires munched on predawn snacks , their gazes lifting as i walked to the back door .
ethan nodded graciously , then joined gabriel at the seating area .
we were gathered in the sitting area once again .
by the time gabriel called , we 'd moved to the sitting area , a landline conference phone and our wineglasses on the ottoman between us .
i turned to carry the plates back to the sitting area , but he was already standing behind me .
two ultramodern black and steel chairs sat in front of it , and a seating area of modern furniture my parents would probably have liked - good lines , but not very comfortable looking - sat at the other end of the room .
that 's why my grandfather , at gabriel 's request , had cordoned the reporters into an area in front of the house .
the area erupted into a cacophony of camera flashes and questions .
our area of the restaurant , not full but still dotted with late - night munchers , went silent .
they usually try to stay away from vamp drama , and there are only , like , three in the chicago area .
he stood with malik and luc , in the office 's sitting area in front of leather furniture that had n't been there on my last visit .
darius was in the sitting area , chatting on a cell phone .
an older man with white hair and square glasses tidied the area near a cash register , and he nodded at us as we entered .
the cabin was divided into two sections - the first held rows of chairs much like a normal plane , and the second held a conversational area with a couch and flat - screen television .
it was big , with a handsome desk , a seating area , and a giant conference table .
the gril and prep areas were alight with activity , as the rest of the staff cheered on a man and woman who were sweating over saute pans filed with what looked like asparagus .
glass in hand , ethan walked to one of the club chairs in the seating area and leaned against it .
an area had been roped off at the front of the stairs for reporters and photographers .
noah immediately headed toward the conversation area and took a seat in one of the leather club chairs there ; the female vampire followed him .
i glanced around the parking area ; his aston martin was nowhere to be found .
i was closest to the apartment 's small bar area , so i made the drink .
they sat beside each other on the couch in the sitting area .
michael sat down in one of the chairs in the sitting area and waved me over .
we emerged into a kind of waiting area , with a door marked roof in front of us .
a round pedestal table sat in the middle of the elevator area , topped by a vase of very tall trailing flowers .
we waited in silence for them to arrive , then picked them up and tucked into a sitting area along the back wall .
we pulled into the garage and made our way to the first floor , where margot manned a newly organized reception area .
cotton dividers hung from simple racks in the open areas to provide privacy .
- after ensuring the house was in good hands and that luc , malik , scott , and jonah had ethan 's number , my number , my parents ' number , and my grandfather 's number handy , and after grabbing a bottle of red wine from the kitchen , we proceeded to the parking area , scabbards and shoes in hand .
we 're just in the sitting room , '' she added , and we followed her through the front of the house to the main living area .
at ethan 's gesture , we all walked to the office 's sitting area .
a scroll ` ` g '' was centered in front of the elevator area , and flowers sat on a pedestal table nearby .
there was a kitchen on one side of the giant living area , with marble countertops and dark wood cabinets .
there was an inset area along one wall that probably would have held an old - fashioned telephone back in the day .
chairs with pink tweed cushions and rounded wooden arms were grouped together in seating areas for family and friends , and televisions showing twenty - four - hour news channels played quietly in the corners .
there was a small area for children to play , with a handful of wooden books and plastic toys with the decals and paint worn off .
the room was as nice as the lobby had been - a private suite with a sitting area and a bank of flower vases along the windowsill .
the building was essentially a large square divided into chunks : offices , loading area , warehousing area .
the building was essentially a large square divided into chunks : offices , loading area , warehousing area .
` ` the admin area was set up here , along the front - left corner , and the rest of the space is divided into the loading and unloading area and the place they stored the goods between pickups and deliveries . ''
` ` the admin area was set up here , along the front - left corner , and the rest of the space is divided into the loading and unloading area and the place they stored the goods between pickups and deliveries . ''
there was a sitting area and a small kitchenette , and a door that led to what i guessed was a bedroom .
` ` just passing through , '' i promised , then hurried down a narrow hallway to a storage area .
his desk filled the front right side of the room , a conversation area the left .
luc and malik were seated in the office 's sitting area .
i plucked up a plate , bottle , and silverware and carried them to the sitting area , where i took a seat and began to nosh .
ethan and malik were in the sitting area on opposite sides of the coffee table , papers spread between them .
i did n't think we 'd make much headway ; the line to get into the convention center extended nearly the entire sidewalk to the parking area .
i followed jonah into the ticket area of the convention center , weaving through and toward a small booth with a vip sign .
luc , malik , and ethan were in the sitting area , tense magic in the air between them .
men and women in impeccably tailored clothing sat in the lobby 's conversation areas , or spilled out with the jazz from the bar across the room .
we watched as darius took a seat in a low , square chair in the sitting area .
i nodded , pulled out my phone , and stepped into the sitting area to have a little bit of privacy .
` ` the suite has five rooms - living room with a kitchen area , two bedrooms , two bathrooms .
* * * thirty minutes later , we pulled into the service area behind the portman grand .
his breathing was heavy but steady , his head rolling on his neck as max dragged his deadweight into a service area .
` ` true enough , '' my grandfather said , escorting us to the area where cops and investigators had gathered .
i sat down at the small desk in the sitting area , glanced at the folded tribune that sat beside the tray .
* * * cadogan glowed quietly in the dark of hyde park as i drove back into the basement parking area .
we walked to ethan 's office , found the door cracked open , malik , helen , and margot already in the sitting area , eyes on the television mounted above the bookshelves .
it was ten minutes ' til when lindsey rose from a chair in the sitting area of ethan 's office , moved to him on the couch .
here , '' she said , crossing the room to the prep area , where she worked with something for a moment before carrying it carefully back .
he sat with amit and malik in the conversation area , an open bottle of blood in his hands .
i pulled off the main road and into the lot of the gas station , lucky enough to get a spot at one of the tanks in the center of the roof that covered the pumping area .
the room was dim , most everything cast in shadows except the area right around the bar .
i took a cool shower , grimacing when the spray hit the sun - scorched area .
i stood up and looked behind me at the bar separating the living area from the kitchen .
i pushed away from the wall and followed her back along a quiet hallway and into a small area with a bed and a curtain all the way around it .
they check certain areas , make sure our security is still tight .
i walked carefully through the area , balancing my hand on the walls as i walked .
duke ducked inside a little area of palm fronds that had grown together closely , making a sort of shelter .
i piled it on the round ottoman in the dressing area and laid out black thigh - highs and garters to hold it up .
straight ahead was a ramp that led down into the lower area where the tanks and feeding shows were .
beyond the gift shop was an area that led up from the lower level and just above that was the stingray and horseshoe crab tank where visitors could place their hands in the water for a chance to touch the fish .
the only piece of furniture in the living area was a large gray couch and - big shocker - there was a flat screen mounted to the wall .
i glanced into the main workout area with all the treadmills and cardio equipment , but i did n't see him in there either .
a few moments later , i picked up a pair of goggles that belonged in the pool area and i squeezed them so hard they snapped in half .
i dropped them onto the floor and rushed out of the storage area toward the back door , flinging it open and stepping out into the chilly air .
i ran into the tiny storage area off the classroom and crouched behind a shelving unit piled high with books and materials just as men rushed into the room and over to the body .
it looked a lot like the chain hotels back home with a large lobby , a reception area , and a mini kitchen to the right where they served coffee and tea all day long .
warm hands encircled my waist and drew me backward , away from the worst of the crowd to a less condensed area off to the side .
i turned , looking at the crush of people still crowding the baggage claim area .
i suspected that something was wrong the minute i saw gran enter the baggage claim area .
i moved off to another area and began searching again .
it was a lot bigger than the tiny efficiency he was moving to , with its two bedrooms , separate kitchen , and living area .
when i finished drooling over the tv , i headed upstairs into another large living area with a fireplace , another tv , a couch , and various other pieces of furniture .
the kitchen was open to the living area and it was all stainless steel and black granite .
there was a wide open area with wide steps leading down to a bookstore and some leading upstairs toward the food court .
when i walked by the waiting area i saw hobbs leaning back in a chair with his feet outstretched before him and his ankles crossed .
she led lily to an elevated living area on which were grouped red velvet sofas and chairs .
those unfortunate men had probably thought they 'd been hired to do some general cave maintenance , check for damp , remove stalagmites in living areas , relocate young colonies of bats to human - based caves .
hope dimmed , however , when the line reached what looked like the backstage area of some kind of theater .
white marble covered the floors , walls , ceiling , and a long vanity area .
she followed him as he moved into what proved to be a large closet with a dressing area and a full - length mirror .
she returned to the vanity area and the overstocked makeup drawer .
the area where they 'd landed sported a waterfall , a small lake lit by torchlight , and dozens of potted trees and shrubs , creating a sort of outdoor garden .
the lights dimmed , and at the same time the stage spots lit up the area to the left .
after angelica put the leopard outfit back on the rod he took her by the arm and guided her back out to the sitting area .
a beach of light - colored sand met a bank of rocks , and several sets of stairs , carved into the seawall , led thirty feet to the main resort area .
once she and reyes were inside , the main ballroom area was in a sunken space surrounded by dozens of small tables and chairs , all at different elevations .
she fell to the pavers of the landing area , her head spinning .
after a few minutes , lucian stepped away from her , moved into the theater seating area , and got on his iphone .
once in the bathing area , gabriel handed her back to lucian .
he fired up the grill on a vampire - esque outdoor space , a section of the cave off the dining area that had a stone shelf overhang open to the air .
but a breeze blew through , so that the large living area , decorated in bright colors like lucian 's uruguay cave , was very comfortable .
he 'd carved out a small bathing area , enough for him to relax in if not to swim laps .
the door to your left leads to a comfortable suite with a bed , a kitchen , a living area , the usual . ''
the table had been set up in a very large open space in the center of the garden , an area covered in pavers .
beyond the dining area , she could hear the quiet sound of a gentle waterfall .
he ended the press conference , refusing to take questions , and left the staging area with the flash of lightbulbs glittering off his shiny bald head .
several minutes had passed since her arrival at militia hq , but she did n't want to leave the landing platform area just yet .
more and more militia warriors came to the landing area , to watch the golden hue of obsidian flame , to observe the incomprehensible act of the ruler of second earth kneeling and supporting the woman .
his gaze swept the length of the black - and - white tile floor , thinking that the landing area of this building could have housed a small jet .
as if on cue , another entourage entered , or rather poured into the landing area .
just like that , thorne was once more alone with endelle , except for the landing area security detail .
thorne had told him of the farce at the landing area , that greaves had arranged a disgusting ceremony for the supposed capture of rith , so it was a very questionable success .
the space expanded to include a large glass - enclosed area , maybe fourteen feet by fourteen , large enough to hold a table upon which a woman was strapped down , several carts of what looked like medical equipment flanking the stone wall , and a man and a woman both in medical scrubs standing nearby .
instead of pushing , he slid his perception to the left , to the area of the cavern elise had suggested .
she moved to the small vanity area of the master bath , which had a door that opened onto a walkway and railing overlooking a small courtyard below .
he swiped the towel off the floor ... again ... then folded straight to the doors leading to the pool area and met a blazing - eyed warrior who had drawn his sword .
* * * marcus folded a lawn chair from the pool area to the front patio .
once in the air , at full - mount , marcus had a unique view of the staging area for the spectacle .
a faint glow emanated from the area he worked .
` ` the area to the left belongs to endelle 's faction and the opposite , of course , to the commander .
* * * * * * * * * batya did n't go immediately to the oversized kitchen and dining area of her downstairs gallery rooms .
forty feet past the food - prep area , a steady stream of trolls hauled deadfall in and out of the nearby forest , feeding a growing bonfire .
` ` the main living areas are at this end , including the kitchen , so if you need anything to eat , day or night , please help yourself .
` ` the bedrooms and a second living area are this way .
at the far end of the room , a set of three stairs led upward once more , to a dining area with a huge table and large upholstered chairs .
another short flight of stairs led to a second sitting area with another stone fireplace , smaller than the one in the living room but still impressive in size .
` ` beyond the living area is the suite you 'll be staying in as well as my rooms . ''
he lifted her off her feet and in that odd dangling position he kissed her repeatedly as he carried her into his sleeping area that also opened up to the large enclosed garden .
at night , given the lit wall sconces that surrounded the large circular area , no patterns emerged .
he crossed with her , heading toward vojalie and stepping down into a second circular tiled area in the center of the room , sunken by about a half foot .
the area was about fifteen feet in diameter , not a large space , and laid out in two shades of tile , all sustaining the circular pattern .
* * * * * * * * * by the time samantha returned to the main living area , quinlan had left the house .
he turned and gestured with a wave of his hand to the dining area , off the kitchen .
she fell asleep almost immediately , so he moved into the living area nearest the bedroom door and from which he had a view of the oak grove beyond a thick pane of bullet proof glass .
ethan ended the communication , then moved into his dressing area and put on his usual nightly battle - gear .
gwenna retrieved a pad of paper from the kitchenette area and watched nate scrawl something on it with the pen she 'd handed him .
` ` tell her to stay the f**k out of restricted areas and i wo n't have to touch her . ''
brittany could swear she smelled vanilla , as if corbin had just baked a cake , but when she walked past his dining area , she saw six thick pillar candles burning in a multi - armed mosaic votive holder .
blowing past the bouncers and to the backstage area , seamus had an ugly thought .
donatelliunfolded his linen napkin and placed it in his lap as he sat at the ornate round table in the sitting area .
a snap of his finger and suddenly there was a short , curvy woman with pink cheeks and bouncy blond hair that swished over her back as she walked into the sitting area from what ringo had thought was the bathroom .
he gazed out over at the mall area .
the minute he 'd stepped into the office area , he knew williams was on the same floor .
they stepped into kelsey 's hotel room , which was just a standard room with a king - size bed , sitting area , and bath .
obviously mr . carrick 's office was right down the hall , since she had been told at the reception area on the twelfth floor that mr . carrick 's private offices took up the entire twenty - second floor .
i spoke with the security advisor a half an hour ago , but i ' m going to ask him to bring the tapes up now from the reception area . ''
after popping the top , and taking a huge sip that made her eyes water , she sat down on the couch in her little sitting area .
the little alfresco patio 's purpose seemedto be to camouflage several large air - conditioning units with indigenous desert plants , but it also made a nice secluded seating area .
just in case things got ugly , he closed the door and moved away from the mirrored closet doors , and into the open living area , back- ingup slowly so he could keep his eye on her .
he had a bedroom with luxury bath , an office , a living area , and a kitchenette with a sub - zero minifridge and a dishwasher for his glasses .
bloody hell.running his hands through his hair , he took a few tentative steps in the direction of the living area .
saluting the hound dog standing sentry by the front door , alexis strutted down the hall to the living area and tossed her dress on the wet bar , debating whether to leave her heels on or not .
her eyes locked with his in the dim room , the glare of the light from the kitchenette flooding over into the living area .
` ` i saw her go to the front reception area like five minutes ago . ''
when my mother died , when i saw my father crying as he came out of that hospital room for the last time , and i realized what had happened , i bawled into my grandmother 's arms in the waiting area , as nurses stopped to whisper words of comfort and other people around the hospital shot sympathetic glances our way .
as my grandmother picked me up and rocked me on the hard chair in that waiting area , tears on her cheeks , her scent of rosewater surrounding me , she had murmured to me that the world had stopped for a moment and gone dark , but tomorrow , the sun would rise all over again .
riley shot me an amused look as we moved into the lobby area .
rory looked behind her at the curtain separately us from the staff area of the er .
but my brain was clouded by alcohol and did n't realize that i was in danger of being caught by a relationship flashover , the near - simultaneous ignition of most of the directly exposed combustible material in an enclosed area , i.e. , pissing off your girl by waving pictures of you with a woman she does n't know in her face via social media .
lizette led him into her apartment , which was a typical parisian place , with a small living area and an even smaller bedroom .
the round room was a living area , complete with a thick couch slip - covered in white cotton , blue pillows tossed on it , and , set at a prominent angle from the one window , a modem steel desk with a laptop computer .
it was a refreshment area , sexual activity off - limits , meant for guests to regroup , to talk , to settle on what would be their next pleasurable pursuit .
later it was turned into the rooms i have now - the music room , a living area , a weight room . ''
in truth , it was a twenty - by - twenty luxury bath , complete with a four - head tiled shower , a dressing area , four sinks , and the impressive tub she was soaking in .
sara almost dropped her wine when she turned and saw marguerite standing in the kitchen of jocelyn 's apartment , leaning against the column dividing the kitchen from the dining area .
i trotted down the stairs and picked my way across the stands and on down to the concession area .
but i still found myself slowly pulling the door open and scanning the area before snatching the legal - size envelope off the front step .
we got to the target area .
in the hallway , i wandered down to the waiting area , where devin was sitting on a hard plastic chair , looking at his phone .
there was a seating area outside the building where employees smoked , and probably ate lunch in summer .
he put his hand over hers and pushed hard on the roller , up and down with her until they had covered a three - foot - wide area .
support walls had been added over the years and the laundry area was lit with flourescent bulbs , but the dark still clung to the corners and there was a musty , decaying smell .
yet he remembered this room , the main entrance with its curved circulation desk , and the children 's area with a caterpillar mural painted on the wall , now faded and chipped .
i push open the door to the bar and restaurant area .
a huge buffet table lines the far wall , and there 's loads of tables in the area surrounding it .
` ` no girls in the work area , saph , '' mitch grumbles .
` ` these will get you in and out of all the private areas .
~ in the vip viewing area for the sirens of ti show , i realize this must be aston 's idea .
i double - take as he looks around the empty area and walks toward me .
he pats my back a few times and disappears back into the main kitchen area , yelling at matt .
` ` remember when we saw the monkeys and he tried to be one in the play area ?
he sets the floor plan out on a stack of wood that will eventually become the stairs and points to the area where it meets the edge of the bar .
` ` this will mean that you ca n't have seats here and it 'll thin your walkway space from the seating area to the dance floor . ''
i circle the area at the bottom of the stairs .
take away a foot of floor and the stairs would come out in the seating area in front of the bar , and then you could go either way . ''
put the bar here '' -i point to along the wall- '' the main seating area here '' -i circle the area in front of it- '' and the dance floor here .
when i walk back out into the bar area of the restaurant , i hear his name - on the lips of another girl .
the girl leads us over to the pedicure area and i hold in my sigh .
they 'd been placed in the small office in the hangar , a ten - by - ten coffee break area now being used as an interrogation room .
the truck was driving in , when clearly the three - tiered cake was already set up in a corner of the reception area .
she took her time studying the eating area , curious about the man and soaking up clues for how best to share what she knew with him .
an archway separated the kitchen from the living area with a black leather couch and a huge recliner .
across the yard in the parking area , brandon slumped in the front seat of his truck .
instead she looked around what appeared to be more of a comfy lounge area .
so '' -he spoke loud enough to be heard in the living area as well- '' in the interest of equality and all , we 'll give you ladies a shot at playing ... with guys to pick from . ''
she hurried out down the hall and back into the living area .
a small greeting party waited in a roped - off area , led by general ted sullivan along with captain bernard from the osi .
then she 'd paced for more torturous hours in the waiting area before being told he 'd come out of surgery , but only family was allowed in to see him .
he tugged open the warped door leading into the living area .
windows , windows , windows and french doors were open to reveal the living room , dining area , and kitchen .
he ushered her through the lobby , which doubled as a dining area , tables packed with fisherman tugging off black stocking hats .
the bottom floor was sectioned off into four areas , mirrors all around and a skylight above making the small place look larger .
unlike the living area , brice 's room looked untouched , simply bearing the normal signs of childish housekeeping .
some kind of school project made out of clay , shells , and pipe cleaners lay half completed on the bar separating the cooking area from the table .
restlessly , he moved through the compact living area with a denim sectional sofa , tossing newspapers in the trash .
after a quick sweep of the living area , he motioned her inside .
once they reached a small sitting area , she let her legs give way .
smiling , she backed away- and bumped into a waitress who should n't have even been in the pit area .
he strode through the gaming area into the enclosed gangplank .
jolynn blasted into the waiting area .
swinging her legs to the floor , she padded barefoot past her circular bed perched into her sitting area .
a wiry old man with a goatee encouraged the patrons encircling his area .
with an open concept living area , it sported three bedrooms- and a kick - ass workshop out back where he 'd stashed his anniversary gift for jolynn .
he backed up just as the front door opened in the reception area , security buzzer sounding to announce the new arrival .
a slim woman in a baggy dress entered the living area , long dark hair shielding her face .
her tiny kitchen and dining area appeared empty .
mason stepped through the living area and into the narrow hall .
she stood in between the living and dining area , the mellow light of her curio cabinet casting her somber face in shadows .
other security forces were posted strategically throughout the viewing area .
dr . drummond dusted off her clothes , even though she looked darn near perfect , given the gritty outdoor viewing area .
vince scanned the outside rec area , his slow attention more than cursory politeness .
a few more taps , and he had the pin - size camera on the nano - bug centered up in the area he wanted to watch .
eli herded people from the parking area to a lot across the street , where angeline kept watch over others under the umbrella of streetlights .
thank god this was a secured area , or anybody could have taken him down .
she should make tracks to the backstage area , but the hubbub was so flipping amazing .
two flights of stairs down , jimmy passed the commons area on his way to the rooms allocated for individual practice .
i can hit the cafeteria , then hang in the commons area at the end of the hall .
the night air carried the refrain of square - dancing music from the sound system that fed the pool area .
` ` you stole them out of the garden by the back deck , '' she shot over her shoulder as she stepped into the kitchen area to get a large mason jar .
the space held a waiting area , a control desk and a back room with a cot for a pilot to take naps if needed .
the sleeping area in back was small but plenty sufficient to make thorough love to her .
he stayed on his side while johanna raced into the living area , and yes , he enjoyed the hell out of the view .
latticework shielded most of the first floor , which appeared to be a large entertainment area , a perfect use of space for a home built on stilts to protect against tidal floods from hurricanes .
the muted sounds from a mounted television broadcasting a talk show mingled with the soft conversations from a handful of other people in the waiting area .
she wrapped the knee - length robe around her and padded barefoot through the living area out to the covered porch .
jacob tugged open a file drawer and tried not to watch the sway of her hips as she glided down the hall connecting his rooms to the reception area .
her gaze skittered away and back to the living area .
he braced a shoulder against the archway leading from the hall to the living area .
she sagged back against the sink in the dressing area with relief .
his room connected through a small sitting area .
the woman moved toward him , stepping into the light streaming through the rehab area 's windows and revealing a face from the past he 'd never expected to see again ... at a time when he very likely did n't have a future .
one story , two bedrooms , with a long living - kitchen area that overlooked a porch along the bay .
she forced her feet to keep on carrying her across the living room , through the dining area toward the kitchen .
he must have pushed himself pumping those weights in the dining area .
nola 's hands trembled around her cup of instant hot cocoa from the hotel 's coffeepot as she sagged into one of the chairs in the kitchenette area of the upscale dive crowded with bags since they did n't know how long they would be gone .
she puffed cooling breaths into her mug while rick adjusted the lighting , darkening the sleeping area and leaving only a small lamp on in the kitchen area .
she puffed cooling breaths into her mug while rick adjusted the lighting , darkening the sleeping area and leaving only a small lamp on in the kitchen area .
the next morning , rick wished he could pace in the hospital 's waiting area .
hands hooked in the pockets of his leather flight jacket , he studied the psychedelic coffin propped against the island counter separating the small kitchen from the rest of the dining area .
pushing through the heavy door , she searched the crush of people in the wide hallway , a waiting area complete with gift shop stalls and cubbies .
nikki fidgeted with the new gift shop items filling shelves along the waiting area walls - handpainted t - shirts , seashell ornaments with charleston 's historic rainbow row inked in miniature .
she peeked into the gathering area , rows of folding chairs and a refreshments table , but no sign of carson .
he 'd been shown her bullet - riddled dead body in the recovery area at the embassy just before he paid the priest to give her a catholic burial .
planes dotted the parking area , other craft for the weekend 's air show scheduled to start tomorrow .
bo shoved away from the boarded - up medicine cabinet , righting a chair on his way to the door out into the reception area .
nikki paused in the archway leading from the dining area back into the hall .
the double doors from the dining area swished open .
stared up from the weight bench at his son spotting for him in their garage workout area .
the opening door - thick metal like a safe - hissed with the release of air from the area sealed tight for soundproofing .
he sucked harder on the taste of orange while the clatter of dishes and conversation swelled from soldiers , aircrew and a lone table of seals filling the dining area .
yasmine darted from the stifling dining area into a near - deserted corridor , past faded framed posters of the rubistanian countryside .
the life - support area bustled with activity from rodeo and tag picking up equipment before flight .
a tight turn in the parking area cranked the c-17 around to face the incoming craft .
jack pivoted toward the bunk area .
max followed directions to the reception area outside the flight surgeon 's office .
` ` renshaw , how about taking over and calling us into the parking area . ''
he followed her gaze through the connecting dining area all the way to the sofa where ivy sat with ...
waiting in the parking area , the blue suv for the supervisor of flying chugged exhaust into the chilly night air , lieutenant renshaw stepped from the truck , no surprise to find the eager - to - achieve lieutenant pulling sof yet again .
` ` it really will make a fabulous play area , with a ball pit over there maybe , and a playhouse in that corner .
` ` one in every four rapes takes place in a public area or in a parking garage . ''
` ` this is coho two zero requesting a flight surgeon to meet me at the parking area .
colonel salvatore paced with his hands behind his back , his heavy steps making fast tracks over the persian carpets in the living area .
whereas the sitting area had been wide - open with a wall of windows , this room was heavily curtained , perfect for sleeping or curling up in a french , art deco chaise by the fireplace .
on the screen , the auction area began to fill .
he backed her against a roped - off area .
* * * troy carried hillary up the winding stairs , back to the sprawling pool area .
finally - thank heaven - he reached the pool area built into the balcony .
through the living area where they 'd made love on a chaise lounge with the windows open .
hunter and ty gravitated toward the pool tables while lacey and molly sat at a table overlooking the gaming area .
ty pointed to the full service rest area .
she motioned for him to follow her up the stairs and into her home , stopping in the little kitchen area .
marc dumont paced the floor of the ballroom area of what he 'd come to think of as his home .
the woman who 'd greeted them in the reception area knocked on the closed door and stepped inside , leaving lacey and ty waiting in the hall for a moment before she stepped out again .
lilly , ty , hunter and molly sat in the waiting area of the hospital , having moved out of the emergency room wing .
lacey noted he was kind enough not to tell her they did n't allow flowers in flo 's area of the hospital .
at eight p.m. the reception area was empty , and carly wound her way back to the large conference room at the end of a long hall .
needing time alone , she scrambled past him , heading through the door and into the living area without looking back .
the entire area was already filled with people and towels on the chairs , but doug had an easy time spotting juliette in the eclectic mix .
juliette walked into the sitting area of the small cottage holding two white mugs .
juliette stepped through the living area to the terrace to discover the waiter setting down her order .
as his gaze swept the expanse of the small living area , he noticed his surroundings for the first time .
chelsie nodded and the woman stepped back to allow griff to lead her through the waiting area into his office .
a worn couch , plush but unobtrusive beige carpet , a small reception area , a coffee machine and water cooler .
stepping outside his office , she poured two cups of coffee from the pot in the reception area before returning to face him .
cara realized she was trembling and wrapped her arms around herself , waiting for the small powder room area to clear .
mike led cole back into the treatment area .
took cole 's elbow to join him as they walked into the cocktail area , wondering how she 'd survive the night .
a few minutes later , cole talked his way past the front desk and navigated the same cubicle area as the last time erin was here .
she put the place card in her silver clutch and made her way into the lobby area , looking for macy .
by now , the bar area as well as the ballroom had filled up and he focused on searching for a deep blue dress or glossy , long dark hair .
he found her now , disappearing out the door into the area where the restrooms must be .
and she did n't return to the kitchen area to make breakfast until she was certain she had her emotions under control .
each day , they brightened up the area by the cash register , and when nicole ran out of the room , they lined the windowsill overlooking the street .
she started for her work area , ignoring the curious stares , and the feel of colin 's gaze branding her back .
colin headed for the kitchen , a small room off the living area .
` ` how about a ... '' ` ` there 's a massage area in the corner , '' he said , reading her mind .
he positioned himself flat against the side of the enclosed area , a place that he hoped hid him from immediate view .
his hand swept over the living area , replete with oriental rugs and porcelain decorative pieces .
he walked into her small living area and glanced around at her furniture .
without another word , she walked over to the pass - through area between her walk - in kitchen and the living room .
the front of the restaurant was comprised of a waiting area and a bar .
he paced the kitchen and small family area of the rented house .
the sound of running water alerted him to the right room , and he stepped into an ultrafeminine area , draped white curtains , too many frilly pillows , and , of course , purple touches everywhere .
there were three chairs in the waiting area at the far end of the room .
from the corner of his eye , he caught sight of sam walking out of the holding area .
liza drummed her fingers against her purse as she waited for brian to be brought up from the holding area .
she searched the bar area first but did n't see faith , though it was hard to tell at a glance .
liza followed them to the far end of the area where the dunking booth had been set up .
` ` i 'll be right back , '' sam said to liza before following mason into the smaller office area behind the garage , probably for a more detailed conversation .
the testosterone in this pool area was off the charts and even liza was squirming in her seat .
next thing she knew , he 'd lifted her up and placed her inside the shower , joining her in the enclosed steamy area .
she swept her arm around the large area , which was one of many big rooms in the mansion .
she buried herself in the storage area , deciding that tomorrow she 'd stick to jeans and a t - shirt for this particular job .
wine cellar , pool table area , and bar also turned up empty .
eight faith stood in the empty living room area of ethan 's house , her mind whirling with all that had occurred .
sharon walked inside , heading for the mirror and sink area .
she flipped on the lamp beside the bed , illuminating a sparsely decorated area .
gabrielle exhaled hard and eased herself into a chair in the sitting area in the front of the house .
a pretty brunette stepped into the main area where gabrielle stood .
they walked through the casino on the way to the taxi area at the front of the hotel .
a full pot of coffee sat on the counter in the sitting area , but she was n't there .
mike tried to get a look into the storage area , but edward blocked the way .
mike gestured to the bar area they 'd set up , and hank ambled over .
it was in a contained area and the damage would hopefully be fixed soon .
upstairs probably held a huge master bedroom and a variety of other larger rooms , while he chose to stay downstairs , in an area originally designated for staff .
looking at the bright side , this area was small and cozy , or would be if it had been decorated at all .
give him a tour and avoid the problem areas , okay ? ''
he placed a hand on the older man 's back and guided him to the large living area he used for his infrequent company .
he did a quick tour of the construction area before returning to the office where mara sat at her desk stuffing and stamping envelopes .
her uncle sat in the large living room area on the couch while lola , dressed in her new high heels , flowing skirt and low - cut , sleeveless peasant blouse , paced across the hardwood floor and back again .
she stepped carefully into the construction area , grateful she 'd worn her ugg boots instead of heels .
the reception area was fit with its fluorescent rights but devoid of people .
sophie turned the lock on the company restroom door , shutting them in the small lounge area alone .
on one side there was a functional working area and on the other , a long counter surrounded by bar stools .
damian slung a towel low on his hips and made for the steam room attached to the team 's workout area .
when she 'd headed out of the lavatory a short while after riley , the people seated in the immediate area had applauded .
she held on to that thought and to riley 's big , warm hand as they walked toward the pool area .
they 'd passed the rental area when they 'd entered the beach .
no sooner had she entered the empty powder - room area and begun to rummage through her purse for lip gloss , than the door opened wide and someone stepped through .
a massive large - screen tv hung on the wall across from the sitting area , while behind the couch , framed artwork made the room come alive .
she disappeared back into the small kitchen area .
she changed and headed for the spa and gym area where the pool was located , deciding to leave her captive to his own devices for a while .
but she was n't ready to head back to her room just yet , so she settled on a chair and relaxed , planning to wander the area and get familiar with the other amenities before going back up to shower and face roper 's anger over dinner .
he gestured to two empty stools in a private area .
she pushed the door open wider and he walked in , unloading his bundles in the entry area of the room .
they made their way to the empty kitchenette area .
a stiff man in a suit , who turned out to be the federal marshal on the plane , escorted amy and roper to the area where darla and rose were being held .
` ` the flight attendant had taken my carry - on and gave it to the handlers to put it in the cargo area .
she said one afternoon after both of us had gotten back from class as we stood in the designated smoking area outside my dorm .
i shoved her aside and went back out into the main area of the basement .
everyone else was parked in the sitting area closest to the entry , as if they were huddling together against a storm that lashed the house outside .
dixon nodded , but instead of steering her to the bar , he took her hand in his and led her toward a door on the opposite side of the room that exited into a smaller sitting area .
she figured she 'd need two days to implant herself convincingly into the chemitech landscape , then she could start nosing around in the more private areas of the company .
the home office was the room farthest to the right in a long hallway / gallery on the second floor , an area that was thankfully deserted .
chapter five lounging with a snifter of an exceedingly good armagnac in the living area of his exceedingly luxurious suite at the four seasons cincinnati , adrian padgett was exceedingly bored .
between the two of them was the living / dining area , a near - perfect square of scuffed hardwood floor and beige walls , furnished , as furnished apartments usually were , with really ugly furniture in varying shades of brown .
he was such a bundle of contradictions , she thought as she watched him push the trolley into the sitting area .
although she 'd spent a third night in his suite last night after they returned from dinner , he had n't pressed her for anything sexual , and she 'd once again slept on the sofa bed in the living area .
between him and joel was not only the sofa and tv and another chair in the living area , but a small dining set minus the chair to which joel was currently bound .
after a few minutes there was a crash and a good deal of cursing from the soldiers who had gone into the unsafe area of the theater .
several rows of chairs faced the area .
his uncle 's study was at the back of the house on this floor , in an area normally reserved for the family .
maximus ducked under a low stone arch and came to a small paved area .
but as she moved from room to room , she soon discovered that winter makepeace was not in any of the public areas .
the gold walls and marble floor stopped at the door , but that did n't mean this area of the house was any less richly appointed .
there was even a small sitting area with a settee before the fireplace .
but ` ` dock '' hardly did the landing area justice .
the bed dominated the area , surrounded by the debris of a sickroom .
frowning , she hurried out of the bedroom , closed the door behind her , and stepped into the living area of the suite .
hiding a smile , noelle crossed the dark - stained hardwood floor toward the bar area , paying no attention to the appreciative looks and leering smiles of the various men seated on the lounge 's velvet couches and secluded tables .
the rest of the team was already in position , posted in various areas on the perimeter of the enormous barn in the center of the snowy field .
juliet did n't need any clarification - paige 's intel had revealed that the smaller storage bunkers were most often t - shaped , with the bottom of the t containing the command centers and weapons lockers , while the two arms featured smaller storage areas and living quarters .
rather than take her on the bed , he led her to the small sitting area near the set of doors that also opened onto the courtyard .
he found all three women in the suite 's enormous living area .
the door opened and she appeared , the light from the living area silhouetting her in the doorway .
bypassing the slots area , he headed across the lush red carpet toward the table games .
the gaming floor was made up of several staggered levels ; low sets of steps led to various areas , with a crowded bar spanning one wall , and the cashier cages on the other .
the flash of green that blurred past his peripheral vision told trevor she was making her way to the roulette area .
her four - inch louboutins clicked as they ascended another set of steps , this one leading to an area that housed several large tables with poker games in progress .
with a haughty lift of her chin , she walked over to the bar area , picked up the crystal water jug , and poured herself a glass .
the bar area to isabel 's right was also bustling , guests taking up residence on the tall stools or leaning against the stainless - steel counter .
he disappeared behind the enormous refrigerator door , then reappeared with a beer bottle , towel flapping against his thighs as he returned to the living area .
the vip area boasted a smaller stage with a counter around it , where a voluptuous blonde in a white corset was dancing for a couple of high rollers .
if dane was here , then he must be in the restricted areas : the employee section in the back or the upstairs management offices .
they went beyond the bar area , stepping into a shadowy corridor lined with half a dozen doors on each side .
if he is , then he 's hiding away upstairs or somewhere in the employee area . ''
` ` she says there 's no trace of him , but there are areas in the club that are restricted to her . ''
cora would come back , and the two of them would straighten everything out and- the thought died when she poked her head into the sleeping area and found cora .
stifling a groan , vince marched out of the dressing area and into the master bedroom .
it spilled out to a dining area with a mahogany table that seemed big enough to seat thirty , and a living area with l - shaped leather couches , an array of stuffed armchairs , and a humongous flat - screen tv screwed into one of the walls .
it spilled out to a dining area with a mahogany table that seemed big enough to seat thirty , and a living area with l - shaped leather couches , an array of stuffed armchairs , and a humongous flat - screen tv screwed into one of the walls .
* * * the diamond mine 's employee area was in chaos .
trevor drifted back to the living area .
` ` loading dock 's the most exposed area , and that 's where the truck will be parked . ''
luke was out the front door in a nanosecond , undoubtedly on his way back to olivia , and as several of the other men drifted toward the living area , trevor glanced over at isabel .
isabel shrugged as she headed for the louis vuitton suitcase she 'd left in the small sitting area across the room .
earlier , when they 'd told inez that the girls would most likely be taken to the servants ' area , the woman had said that the only room large enough to accommodate them would probably be the break room , which apparently had some couches , a crooked pool table , and a small kitchenette .
the other girls looked confused as they glanced at the frayed couches and the small but tidy kitchen area .
blanco 's dark gaze darted off to the right , toward a corridor trevor recognized as leading to the servants ' area .
we came across areas that seemed to have been people 's sleeping quarters as we moved deeper into the tunnel .
even as this thought was crossing my mind the stairs began to move over what i assumed was the center gathering area within the massive room .
royal purple vines twisted over railings that marked what appeared to be a large dining area beneath us .
this part of the ship did n't have black walls like the holding area ; they were a blue so clear that it made me think of the pictures i 'd seen of the caribbean sea .
after what we had seen in the last basement area , i was n't looking forward to this , but as the stair reached the bottom i discovered we were only in another hall .
` ` the only other area of the ship that i was never able to gain access to was the corridor that the ancients slept in .
however i do n't think they would keep the fountain in the same area as their sleeping quarters .
dr . bishop set up a laboratory and medical area in every new place that we moved into .
the doctor appeared in the darkened doorway of his newest laboratory area .
sensed that they did intend to use plymouth as a base , or perhaps some kind of storage area .
he had set up his new research area in the small ballroom tucked in between two larger ballrooms .
they also had to make sure that the humans that were awakened again were kept immobile until they could be brought to a holding area . ''
my attention was drawn back to the ship as it settled over the area of the bridge ; i waited , breathlessly to see what it was going to do .
there was an area that had steel piping around five gaping holes in the ground .
we had avoided the parking lot area , moving further down the shoreline to a more secluded spot .
she was so close to lily she felt the very rhythm of her breathing as they entered the first small area not netted off as an operating room .
rebels flooded into the vehicle holding area , trying to figure out what was happening .
cursing , kane went over the side of the building , keeping to the darkest areas , slamming the stars deep so she could have an easier climb .
he and mack and the others of his ` ` family '' had added a couple of bathrooms and sectioned off a living area and bedroom , but that was as far as the building of his home had gotten .
chapter 12 ` ` dr . lambert is here to check the baby , rose , '' jaimie mckinley called out , knocking even as she pushed open the door to the living area .
he followed her into the kitchen area and watched as she reached for the teakettle .
they were doing the same thorough scanning of the area , and he saw them look upward several times , toward that third floor where jaimie fielding was probably dropping off to sleep .
the second floor would have a few spare bedrooms for the boys when they dropped by and a work area for the business .
for instance , javier and kane are upstairs in the kitchen area and they 're amused .
he watched her go into the bedroom area before he reluctantly turned to the others .
marc immediately left the area and busied himself watching the bay from the windows .
he waited for kane to move in front of him before crossing into the kitchen area .
the dog settled down and happily walked on through the garden area with his handler .
jaimie moved through the immaculate expanse of lawn toward the roped - off area where the newest landscaping was allegedly taking place .
movement snapped her attention back to the cougar , as the cat gave one final , almost contemptuous lick along her tawny , muscled leg and , in a single bound , leapt to the rock above her resting area .
every area he thought would be the perfect place from which to ambush her seemed serene and peaceful .
she glided silently across the floor , staying out of the open areas , cautious of triggering any motion alarms .
she had trained against enhanced soldiers for years , moving through secured areas where cameras , motion detectors , and just about every technologic advance in security had been used against her .
he knew there were often wide areas reinforced with rebar that were left open in between the walls of larger , mainly military compounds , and once inside , no one would hear or detect him as he moved around , hopefully making his way to the lower levels .
it would have to do and probably would n't be noticeable with so many crates piled around the area .
the guards had fanned out and were covering the park , paying particular attention to the area where she 'd parked her motorcycle .
in fact none of them checked on the vehicles in the parking area , or the boats tied to the pier .
he hurried into the small kitchen area and hastily poured the chocolate from the thermos he 'd brought .
moving through the front area .
the center had been raised by bringing in soil to build up an area for the sanitarium .
she indicated an area to their right .
there were three main docking areas and one that could be used if necessary .
annabel gripped riley 's hand tightly as the two researchers lifted her to her feet and helped her stumble back to their sleeping area made private by the sheets and netting hung across thin ropes .
riley had prepared her defenses carefully , using torches she could easily light , even going so far as to build a small circular fire wall around her mother 's sleeping area .
you were going to stay away from my sleeping area .
the high chain - link fence was damaged in multiple areas and the scooter slipped through one of the many tears .
he 'd seen her try a drink each time she came in , one she 'd obviously seen someone else drink , and each time she made a horrible face and spit the liquor back into the glass , shook her head and moved away from the bar to the tiny area where she could dance .
tables and chairs were strewn around the area .
she knew every mage spell ever conceived by him , as did branislava , as well as where most of the traps were in areas visible to where she 'd been held , but fen and dimitri would n't know .
he clicked off the light and moved into the main living area of the huge home .
once they entered the area where the guns were being fired , neil handed her ear protection .
mrs . hawthorn strolled over to the large outdoor entertainment area , complete with fire pits and permanent tables .
a bar area with a small kitchenette took up a small corner .
harry 's gaze found its way across the communal area to where sanchez stood alongside his friends .
the kid turned back to the employee only area , then back to her again .
separate meeting areas outside of conference halls for kids and adults .
but there is n't a multitude of cameras in the staff areas .
dean sat in the reception area of the doctor 's office with savannah kicking away in the car seat .
she hoped brad was already waiting for her inside so she would n't have to wait in the lounge or reception area by herself .
making their way toward the dining area , duncan saw her eyes roll back in disgust when strangers bowed as she passed .
* * * * the dining area had been transformed with hundreds of candles flickering in the setting sun .
when they left the dining area , tara gave cassy a frantic hug .
the meal which broke the family 's fast was beginning when they entered the dining area .
i look at him and he 's practically glowing as he noses the car into a parking slot in a semi - circular parking area in front of the house .
i run as hard as i can , until i get to what looks like a reception area with a receptionist sitting behind a computer and people milling about in the halls .
the furniture here is heavy and there is a sitting area filled with photos in stacks on the end tables .
we step into a sitting area in the front of the stern and i sit on a cushion , looking out over the water .
especially as i may my way out of the private part of the house and into the public areas .
i walk through the small flat , taking note of the cozy furnishings , the open back doors that lead to a little patio area surrounded by a garden and the very small bed .
i put my clothing away in the little dresser in the bedroom and then set up an office area in the little kitchenette .
the other leads in the opposite direction to a small living area .
he excuses himself and takes it outside of the dining area .
this sailboat is large , and it houses two small bedrooms , a galley area and a bathroom below .
instead , she began taking her clothing off , laying each item piece - by - piece on the plush white sofa in her sitting area until she stood na**d in the center of the room .
the women resumed their laundry duties while branwyn continued leading us away from the common area to a small but well - built hut .
women were standing around chatting outside of various huts and in the middle of common areas .
` ` are you searching for the eating area ? ''
i looked up to find that we had made our way to the area that the priestesses used for eating .
despite the fact that this seemed to be a deserted area of the club - perhaps a servants ' entrance - the decor was just what she would have expected of a haven for the male gender .
interestingly enough , she did n't emerge from the area with the light , but from one of the more shadowy ones .
it was also the most well - lit area of the room .
i have retrieved your coat from our dining area , of course , but perhaps you would accept my gift of a shirt and shoes as well . ''
if she were kept here , in this furnished , plastered and painted area , giordan would have a much better chance of freeing her from it .
` ` escort my sister to the dining area .
a red overhead light illuminated the small area .
the whole damn area was filled with christmas decorations .
he picked a table in her area , then waited .
this area of the warehouse had been reinforced for their containment .
jade headed toward the kitchen area .
they 'd appeared right in the middle of the area , less than two feet from a lounging shifter .
she 'd heard his shout from that area moments before .
they were on the second floor and below them , well , chance just used that area as a garage to tinker with his cars .
the scent of the hospital - antiseptic , cleaner - filled her nose as she hurried back to the recovery area .
the cries were n't coming from duncan 's cell , but from the containment area on the opposite side of the base .
when she shoved open the doors that led to the main containment area , the scent of blood hit her .
she counted four fully shifted wolves running near the cells , wolves that were attacking the guards who 'd been stationed at the main containment area .
staggering a bit , she headed into the ` ` private '' area .
duncan marched into the alpha 's containment area .
it had been her security card that had gotten him access to this area .
connor was the only prisoner housed in containment area five .
elias 's footsteps were soft as he left the containment area .
the door to containment area five had been busted down , courtesy of duncan .
put him in the solitary confinement area designed just for werewolves - a small , two by five box with silver walls .
` ` we brought you in to one of the para unit 's containment areas .
then they were outside , in the area known as the ` ` yard '' at the facility .
stumbled into the area she 'd heard the others call the ` ` yard '' before .
she was still in the seattle area .
the area behind her cell was dark and she had n't wanted to take her eyes off eric long enough to look back there .
he was putting her in a containment area , but no one was getting close to her .
` ` chloe ... '' her name came from the area behind her cell .
he dropped off his weapons and immediately started marching to the containment area .
he followed eric into the observation room , though , and he stood behind the big window that looked out over the containment area .
marched to the changing area .
she walked to the middle of that area .
i thought you might want to see them ... '' eric typed in his passcode and the doors to the containment area slid open .
as he swept out of the general containment area , his gaze slid to the right .
shane and eric hurried into the containment area .
he 'd already used his badge to gain entrance to the back area of the airport , and he was about to use the shield to help him again .
` ` the open area in the center will be perfect for dancers ' warm - ups . ''
i can even use the upstairs area for an apartment .
because that upstairs area was still hers .
she might be living with trace , but she could use the upstairs apartment area as a refuge from the dance studio .
he directed her to what had previously been a closet , but when she opened the door , she saw the area had been expanded .
skye stripped and hurried into the shower area .
just to the right of that wall , claire saw a glass door that led out onto a balcony area .
he was inside the hospital , watching from his position in the waiting area .
now noah stood just inside the emergency room waiting area .
trace stood there , breath heaving , as his gaze flew around the waiting area .
there were at least four giant bars downstairs , but the guy had his own stash up there in his private lounge area .
the only way up to the area was drake 's elevator and once up there , she would ' ve had to contend with the lock .
drake turned at the sound , heading back into the main living area .
the area looked secure , so i went back out and told gary he had more time for the repair work .
saxon glanced around the area before they exited , and she noticed that he kept his gun close as they hurried toward their vehicle .
he headed into the check - in area .
saxon strode past the reception area , pausing just long enough to flash a reassuring smile at vanessa .
i ' m sitting in the office reception area of hollywood super - agent , mel warner , waiting for him to finish a meeting with one of his clients .
ricky talks louder to be heard from out in the front valet area .
ricky pulls up to the valet area of the building and throws the car into park .
everything is ultra - modern , down to the hard black leather couch with chrome legs that sits in the corner of the reception area with two matching , equally uncomfortable - looking armchairs .
mostly women are coming and going out of the reception area , and all of them are dressed in tight - fitting , tailored suits .
he has the decency to look slightly ill . a crowd of people has gathered in the reception area .
black , spray - painted walls block the view of the back stage area from people down at our level .
we watch as he disappears around the side of the house , headed to his small cottage located on the grounds just beyond the pool area .
chapter forty - nine the heat hits me full in the face as soon as i step outside the air - conditioned baggage claim area of the airport .
he sits at the table opposite the small spider man plate and watches as his son walks into the small dining area and takes a seat .
a small coffee table rests in the middle of the conversation area .
large evergreens shade part of the space while other areas are exposed to full sunlight .
there 's a layer of dust on everything and something rotten coming from the area around the refrigerator .
candi got one eyeball into position - the rest of her view blocked by sarah hogging the whole area - and saw her brother coming up the walk .
he left the waiting room and went down a hallway , leaving the emergency room area of the hospital entirely .
candi pulled the guy 's arms above his head and dragged him free of the bed area , flipping him over onto his face and bringing his arms around his back .
* * * all four agents had been killed in different areas of the house , each with their throats slit .
she wondered if it would be possible to race from the dining area to the bathroom without looking mentally unbalanced .
he turned to watch her go , and then continued into the store , his eyes scanning the whole front area .
kevin had to do whatever it took to keep his opponent clear and give jonathan a chance to make it to the in - goal area so he could get the try and the points for it - freedom , in this case .
we 'll put the rope up at the areas leading to the house , and anytime someone steps on it or runs into it , it 'll make the items bang together and create noise . ''
jonathan supervised the gathering of items and then left the girls to the boxes , working with kevin at stringing the main lines across several areas leading to the cabin .
she backed up towards the sink area and crouched down behind the island in the middle of the kitchen so she would n't be seen from the front door .
it was even possible he 'd been slammed into an un - padded football field goal pole in the in - goal endzone area , the way his head felt .
motioning for kevin to follow him , he walked away from the waiting area and into a nearby hallway .
he made a u - turn and walked as fast as he could back to the surgery waiting area .
he got to the waiting area and made a beeline right for candi and kevin , sitting down next to candi which put her in the middle .
after that , we 're leaving and hiding somewhere else , far from this area of the hospital .
` ` i want to see sarah , but she 'll be safe here without us around to alert anyone coming through the waiting areas to our presence .
we ' ve already done a sweep of the courthouse and surrounding area .
she had to stand in the flight attendant 's galley area to wait for it to become available .
the men found some carts and loaded the bags , as the women headed towards the check - in area .
after people checked in , they left their bags with the agents and walked up a ramp that led them out of the reception area , presumably to where the boat was waiting .
we 'll be in the same lifeboat area . ''
candi saw that there was a small table with a mirror in front of it off to the right , opposite the bathroom door , which she guessed was the makeup area that sarah had claimed for herself .
let 's just forget about the pink panties , forget about jonathan being a pervert , and go to the lifeboat area . ''
he walked across the foyer and out the doors that led to the outside deck area .
we 're down below that area .
he reached the foyer area that had doors leading out onto the main deck .
already there were several people on the deck , all of them staying clear of the area that had the broken railing .
the tarp was used as a floor for the girl 's bedroom area , and the boys used the now very dirty sheet .
this she hung by its plant rope loop on a splinter of bamboo that had been implanted into the side of one of the poles of the treehouse in the area she had designated as the bathroom .
we were thinking we should go over to the ... ` ` candi came through the trees into the water collection area , just in time to see jonathan and sarah hastily break apart .
she was going into the bathroom area where she kept her makeup case .
` ` i think it would be worthwhile to build some platforms going from the treehouse to the guava area .
jonathan was back in the workshop area of the tree roots and kevin was nowhere to be seen .
they had been working for an hour , setting up a fire pit and the limbo area .
* * * sunset came and the girls were in the workshop area in the roots of the trees , putting on their finishing touches .
the entire squared - off area was filled with plants , none of which were more than five feet tall .
she saw him go to the console area but that was it .
they watched as kevin turned back around from the console area and crawled to the edge of the boat .
they were looking all around the pot plant area , including the place where we had come in and trampled all the plants down .
just then a movement coming from the boat 's galley area caught candi 's eye .
i scan the arrival pick - up area and ask myself for about the tenth time since the plane touched down why i ' m here , but then i see my roley poley best friend waddling down the sidewalk outside the airport and i remember ; i would n't want to be anywhere else in the entire world than right here on the frozen tundra that is the northwest , awaiting the birth of my first godchild .
she finally succeeds in pushing me off when we reach the driveway area .
hannah looks back over at the kitchen area .
i separate from him and go over to the coffee area .
a glance at the kitchen area tells me he 's about to come back .
ian nods his head all the while he 's walking around inside the foyer area .
the granite fountain is burbling water into the small koi pond in the floor and the marble tiles make my heels click as i walk over to the reception area .
i walk into the main area of the salon , gesturing around the room .
we stop just outside the entrance to the manicure area .
` ` thank you for helping ian get started out here , '' i say as we walk across the pool area .
chapter two a chorus of squeals rose up as i walked over to the check - in area of palm beach international airport .
grabbing our carry - ons , we left for the security area , candice and kelly already making plans for our first night in vegas .
candice grabbed me by the arm and dragged me over to a group of empty seats inside our boarding area .
as soon as i finished my drink and put the glass down on a nearby shelf , we locked arms and walked into the casino area of the hotel .
as we left the restaurants and lobby behind , we entered a darker area of the huge facility .
when the calf made it into that area , ian would shut the entrance to trap the calf inside a smaller box made of bars .
his voice was n't coming from the sink area anymore .
yelled boog from across the tent area as the barbie doll beauty came from around an old beat - up truck to join the crowd mingling by the front of the house .
i could run down towards the meat counter area if i really wanted to .
like a knight in shining armor , mick walks through the office and out into the main repair area , jingling his car keys in his hand .
colin is the first to appear from the car bay area .
he drapes his arm over my shoulder as we walk towards the front doors of the reception area .
no one is in the office , but i can hear a lot of noise out in the warehouse area .
i have n't seen most of these in the warehouse area , but i ' m sure i will .
i cruise the area around the shop , finding three possible candidates .
there 's one other mini - window with bent mini - blinds over it that looks out to the front entrance area .
i scan the area and come up with a dirty bar of industrial strength hand - soap sitting on the edge of the sink .
i ca n't see anything but the small hallway that leads to the office area .
` ` i found two for the kitchen and one for the living room , but you 'll still be missing one in the closet and over the breakfast area until tomorrow . ''
` ` could n't let you stay in that place , '' he says , either ignoring or oblivious to my frustration as he takes a chair from the breakfast area .
i scowl the entire way until i see the car waiting for me in the valet area .
she shoved open the sliding doors that led from her work area and raced toward room eight .
they led her back to the observation area .
the area was small inside , cramped .
this is a private parking area for news flash and - uh , ms . storm ?
she hurried out of the elevator and into the area that was a good ten times busier than the fourth floor .
the lighting last night had been dim , just a bit of a glow from the parking area trickling through the blinds , but no way would she ever forget that face .
emily hurriedly exited the small stage area .
he jerked his thumb toward his partner who was just now leaving the staging area .
jenny would ' ve been working on that little sidewalk area .
` ` but if you were bunking with duncan , he would ' ve had access to your area .
she turned away from him and marched out of the holding area and did n't start shaking , not until the door closed behind thomas .
ah ... there was the punching bag hanging from the ceiling in what looked like a workout room that branched from the living area .
the faint glow spilled into the living area .
only instead of a workout area , gabrielle had an office in that side space .
since there were no lights in that area , it would have been easy enough for the killer to hide down there .
they cleared the guard areas and headed back outside .
he hurried by the base 's parking area .
he and logan had headed into the back room while gunner ortez , the team 's very deadly ex - seal sniper , stayed in the den area to keep tabs on cassidy .
she did n't normally head into the main office because mercer liked to keep her away from that area .
slade , logan and cale were all in the villa , but it was a big space , with a living area , a kitchen and two bedrooms .
logan and cale had slade in the living area , giving her some privacy to work on gunner .
he stalked away from her , began to pace the living area .
that meant the area adjacent to that room would be designed for surveillance .
through the big wall of glass - a two - way mirror - he could see perfectly into the area next door .
she could n't hear any sounds from the outer area .
once he made it back to the holding area , jasper saw that wyatt had his gun on the prisoners .
a few people in suits were scattered around the area .
he brushed by her , heading inside the small area .
she marched down the hallway , passed the small lobby area , then headed upstairs .
he jumped to his feet and raced toward the small ` ` bedroom '' area they 'd designated for juliana .
a guard came scurrying into the holding area , keys loose and jingling in his right hand .
the shifter stood just inside the doorway of their holding area .
those rooms you saw , that 's all we got here , but the loading area in the back makes for a perfect getaway so no one sees us leave . ''
so many cops were standing and sitting in the waiting area , hoping to see tony .
her steps were very precise as she turned and left the holding area .
but maybe , just maybe , some of that dark blood had left the holding area .
he shoved open his door , jumped out , and ran across the parking area .
a curly haired kid slept on his mom 's lap in the waiting area .
she shoved her way through the crowd , heading for the long , twisting spiral staircase that led up to the vip area .
she gestured to the area behind her .
the cave - in had reached this area , too .
when they 'd left that back room and headed into the main bar area once again , cadence 's attention had focused on the waitress .
her gaze searched the station 's open area , but kyle was n't there .
the others had pulled out of the parking area first , leaving the base before her .
jason gave a jerky nod , then he was gone , hurrying down the steps to the parking area .
he stepped back , turning to head toward the storage area in the next room .
the cold air from the storage area made lauren 's goose bumps even worse .
her eyes had only opened when the ambulance pulled into the emergency area at the hospital , and then the emts had pushed him back so that they could get her out .
instead of showing her the body , wright stepped forward and placed himself in front of her , effectively blocking the door leading to the mortuary area .
he 'd put up tape , done his best to block off the area , but if some overeager reporter came stumbling through ...
dr . knight glanced at the reception area .
they were going to watch from the observation area .
one flight of stairs , and , thanks to hyde 's quick work , one video camera set up to monitor the entrance area at all times .
the stove had been turned on , and accelerant was discovered in three areas of the house .
she started to walk toward the shelter of the rest area .
and there , in the middle of the area , strapped to what looked like an operating table , was a vamp that she recognized .
lights flickered on , one after the other , revealing an area twice as big as the cabin above them .
one - by - one , the wolves exited the containment area .
after signing my name at the bottom , i grab my paper with a shaky hand and walk up to mrs . portman 's desk , standing in the wet area where kendra 's blood used to be .
there 's a circular drop - off area near the front , but miller and i are sitting in the cab of his truck in the back parking lot , staring ahead in silence .
the shower - room door was open just enough for us to peek out into the main area .
i tried to unfold my legs in the darkened area under the table , but it was n't big enough .
the pair was later followed to a parking area overlooking skinner butte .
the seating area is empty , private .
holding on to a cool metal shelf , i look ahead to the small waiting area next to the pharmacy counter .
uncomfortable , i turn toward the waiting area .
i ' m about to panic when i notice a woman sitting in the reception area .
it says he- i gasp , pulled back into the reception area with kendra .
she had only walked two steps into the living area when she realized she was n't alone .
` ` this is a nice place , '' he said as he took a turn around the dining area that was attached to the kitchen .
her eyes widened as he curled her legs around him and carried her to the living area .
she found the guys all gathered in the dining area .
as such , she was tapping her foot impatiently while she stood between the two females in the living area who ranted at each other , pointing fingers and scowling .
as was often the case , the living area was pretty crowded .
everybody quickly piled into the living area , but no one spoke as the news of the preserve was aired live .
the kid , though extremely sociable , was very tightly bonded to taryn , just as taryn was to him - which was most likely why she continued to complain as trey strolled out of the living area with her in his arms , en route to their bedroom .
entering the living area a little while later , they found jaime , dante , roni , marcus , dominic , grace , lydia , and amber .
it was very different from before ; the living room , kitchen , and dining area was one huge , open space - the main feature being the living area with luxurious sofas and armchairs and a state - of - the - art entertainment system .
it was very different from before ; the living room , kitchen , and dining area was one huge , open space - the main feature being the living area with luxurious sofas and armchairs and a state - of - the - art entertainment system .
gathered with the pack in the living area after dinner , jaime pretended that she could n't feel dante 's eyes on her .
she stopped still as she passed the living area and caught a thread of the conversation .
as dante flicked through one of the portfolios placed on the coffee table in the corner of the reception area , he whispered into jaime 's ear , ` ` do you think we could get my name tattooed on your ass ? ''
as if the rest of the pack knew exactly what he was doing in the living area , they completely avoided it the whole time .
sighing , dante finally left the living area and sought out the female who had a way of turning him inside f**king out .
jaime and dante had made a short pit stop at their room to change clothes - he had n't wanted the others seeing her in nothing but his huge t - shirt - before going to the living area , where everyone other than the alphas and kye were lounging .
as they entered the living area , it became apparent why .
he distantly noted that most of the pack was in the living area , and none of them looked happy .
he and trey followed behind her as she made her way back into the living area .
when he and jaime had returned from the animal sanctuary after he 'd worked another shift with her , laurie resumed her odd behavior throughout lunch and was doing it again now as they sat in the living area where most of the pack was congregated .
a few minutes later , don entered the living area with tia , nick , and nick 's beta behind him .
he was n't in the living area , which meant that he could only be in his office .
three hours later taryn was in the doorway of the living area , gaping .
on the fourth floor where trey , dante and the enforcers slept was - in addition to a laundry room - a pool room , a game room , an office , the huge amazing kitchen and a large living area .
the audio - visual system was state of the art , the decorative swirly carvings on the main wall were amazing , the many armchairs all looked comfy enough to sleep on , but it was the item in the center of the living area that had her attention .
she would n't have thought that five hours counted as ' long ' , but her wolf had been restless and on edge until the moment he entered the living area .
once they had passed through the main entrance of bedrock , she went to the living area and sat down on the large rug .
` ` someone get him a bottle of water , '' she called out as the living area filled with people .
fed up with him , she retreated to the living area and , sighing , plonked herself onto the reclining corner of the sectional sofa .
relenting , she allowed tao to lead her inside , but she did n't go into the living area to relax the way everybody was advising her to .
with a determined stride he strolled out of the office and made his way to the living area where the majority of the noise was coming from .
it turned out that it was exactly what she 'd done , although at first trey had wondered if he 'd been wrong as she had n't been in the kitchen or living area or in their bedroom .
it was n't until just before she was ready to head to her room that she managed to catch a moment alone with tao in the living area .
when they returned to pack territory they found everyone waiting in the living area for news of how the meeting went .
strolling through the tunnels toward the living area they passed greta .
` ` prude , '' taryn shot back without breaking stride as she and trey walked hand in hand into the living area .
exactly ten minutes later both taryn and trey were back in the living area , washed and dressed in fresh clothes .
trey of course growled and then strode out of the living area with wide , determined strides .
at the door of the living area was a frantic grace .
he teleported us both to the living area of our apartment , where we instantly dived on each other , kissing wildly .
he teleported us to the living area of our apartment , but instead of releasing me , he tightened his hold , still vibrating with anger .
a few minutes later , clean and feeling refreshed , i rushed into the living area .
a scantily dressed eloise was already seated in the spectators ' area .
sam took three steps toward the kitchen area and abruptly halted .
unfortunately , collins and eloise were also present , sitting in the spectators ' area .
when max glanced around the spectator area and found it empty , he turned to me .
if any of you receive what would be classed as a ' fatal ' hit if reuben had n't weakened your gifts for the training session , you 'll be expected to sit in the spectators ' area .
i followed her into the living area of my apartment where a large oval - shaped mirror stood , totally out of place .
i wake up , and there 's this female vampire there who wants me to follow her into the living area .
` ` and you sleepwalk to the living area every time you have the dream , '' said jared .
there was a queasy sensation in my stomach , and then we were in the living area of his rather impressive apartment .
the first room on your left is the living area , the second on your left is the dining room , and the one directly ahead of you on the opposite side of the bungalow is the kitchen .
` ` the living area . ''
knowing that if we lingered our scents would reach the vampires in the living area before we did , i did n't waste any time in moving .
instantly we found ourselves in a small , cluttered living area that stunk heavily of smoke , sweat , stale food , and the distinctive scent of cannabis .
the interior was more like a five - star hotel ; it had a spacious lounge , a classy dining area , and several private cabins .
additionally , there was an outer dining area on the deck where two long tables were set up and a band was waiting .
jared , antonio , luther , sebastian , wes , lena , and evan were all pacing around my living area while i sat quietly on the sofa .
branching off it was a living area on our left side , and a dining area on our right side .
branching off it was a living area on our left side , and a dining area on our right side .
i looked down the bed to see that dexter had made his way from the living area to the bedroom and was now slithering his way up the bed .
they took me past a supply station , a small lab , and a curtained area that contained a baby incubator and cot .
and with that odd little comment he disappeared back into the living area .
at my nod , he took my hand in his and teleported us to the living area of our apartment .
in vampire speed , i retrieved the folder i 'd kept hidden in the living area , and returned to the bed .
occasionally as we walked i 'd see a small sitting area branching off the corridor .
sebastian finally stopped at another sitting area which had a huge sofa - slash - bench in front of a set of extravagant patio doors .
i walked along the soft luxury beige carpet of my living area .
` ` oh yes i have a balcony , '' i drawled , passing a crescent - mooned shaped three - seated sofa in the centre of the living area that was angled toward a wide screen t.v .
in a blink we were in the centre of the living area in her apartment .
i was a little more civilised with the second , taking little swigs as i passed the kitchen on the way to the living area .
opening my eyes , i saw that we were standing in the living area of my apartment .
his living area was bigger than my bedroom and en - suite bathroom combined .
even from here , the beginning of the living area , i could tell that the large square kitchen was extremely modern ; rich woods , chrome appliances , and marble counters .
i heard him mumble something in surprise and then he was pursuing me as i nimbly dashed at human speed around the living area , hopping from the floor to the coffee table to the sofa to the - arms seized me abruptly .
he flew over to a girl working in the reception area .
you can have a seat in the waiting area if you like .
i joined the rest of the group inside a glassed off area of the airport , already helping themselves to the goodies .
then ivar came out of the area where he had carefully stored my mother 's remains , carrying her in his arms .
jared and i walked over to the shuttle that had arrived and parked in the valet area in front of the hotel .
tim took his shower in the sink while i took mine in the actual shower area .
there were oriental style carpets on the floors , tapestries on the walls , and formal , delicate looking furniture set up in various places to create small conversation areas .
dardennes gestured to a sitting area near the big desk , behind which he was now standing .
she held her other arm out , gesturing towards the area behind me .
there was a space at the opposite end of the room where the speakers or other important people would stand and then a semi - circle shaped table behind that with a single row of ten seats behind it , all of them raised up a couple feet higher than the main standing room area .
but if i was in the play area playing with the mini - kitchen and some bossy little bitch came in there thinking she was gon na take my tiny plastic frying pan , then of course i would have been within my rights to have some words with her , which may have then involved some crying ; but i never did anything unprovoked . ''
she threw it down on the table that was in what looked like must be her kitchen area .
* * * as i arrived at the assistant principal 's office and took my seat in the waiting area , i started thinking about all the time tony and i had spent together these past two years .
case in point , brad powers , who was also sitting in the principal 's waiting area ; only he was probably there to kiss the principal 's ass , not to be chastised by him .
we walked a few blocks away from the train station , down some streets and alleys , into a commercial warehouse area .
jared stopped in front of a beige metal door with a heavy - duty lock on it , the kind that has a thick metal plate over the latch area so no one can pick the lock or crowbar the door open .
tony and i walked over to the sitting area and sat down on the couch next to each other and tom sawyer .
he brought the food and his guitar over to the sitting area , putting the pizza down on the table , saying , ` ` dig in ; there 's a piece for everyone , even the new guys . ''
we 'd been in the warehouse a couple of hours by this time , and so far all i 'd been able to see from where i was sitting was the living room , front door , and sleeping area ... no bathroom .
after searching around for an hour and then browsing through some books and magazines for another two , we decided to head over to the area where the informational meeting was being held .
a shuttle pulled up in the front valet area with a sign in the window that said ' one eleven group ' .
he walked us through a reception area to the plane that was sitting out on the tarmac .
i blinked , looking around at the informal dining area .
i 'd only visited it once before , but the kitchen and dining area had n't changed much .
lush plants in pots dotted the flagstones , with trees and other greenery surrounding the pool area , giving way to a beautiful , deep - green lawn that employees manicured weekly .
wylend settled on one of many plump - cushioned chairs scattered about the pool area .
we all trooped down the long hallway lined with bedrooms until we came to the dining area .
joey , franklin and norton had gone out to the pool area where reah was sitting , her pants rolled up to her knees and her feet soaking in the hot tub .
conner insisted on paying , and all my men rose from their seats in the waiting area when we walked out .
` ` i ca n't wait for this to be ready , '' i said , looking at storage areas and stainless prep tables covered in heavy , plastic sheeting .
this area in the photograph is still empty .
i think adam was planning a larger pool area , too , when all was said and done .
we were led to a circular booth in a quiet area , comp - menus were handed out and i looked it over .
turning to my larger thifilatha , i gathered everyone in the hearing area , wrapped them in my arms and shielded them with my wings .
the sitting area had a small sofa and one chair .
the hotel portion was much taller and attached on the right side , leaving the restaurant and bar area in between .
` ` thank the stars ; quiet , '' ry sighed in appreciation and settled me on a sofa in the small sitting area .
we had a single , large bedroom , a small sitting area , the equally small kitchen and a nice bath with a tub and shower .
ry got them seated in our tiny sitting area and offered all of them the rum and fruit drink i 'd prepared earlier .
` ` six successful deliveries of gishi fruit , '' dee whispered gleefully to gavril as they walked through the pool area behind gavril 's palace .
` ` i 'll stay for free , if you allow me to clean the rooms and this pig - sty you call a reception area , '' i offered .
as soon as we got inside a reception area , people were shouting and calling for medical assistance .
i began walking the perimeter of the grass that outlined the play area .
my apartment was only one room , with a tiny kitchen on one end , a bed on the other , with a microscopic sitting area in between .
i was n't dressed well enough , really , to go out in the dining area , but a customer was asking .
tory , lok and lendill waited next to our seating area while our company took its seats .
aurelius was carrying me out of the room - we were in queen lissa 's sitting area , just outside her bedroom .
nenzi offered to carry me to the pool area , but jes told him i needed to stretch my muscles and build my stamina .
we stood on what looked to be a back porch area behind the compound - a concrete deck with a short concrete wall around it and a low , overhanging ceiling .
when he did n't move or do anything else , i headed toward the open area again from my high vantage point , lifting two square blocks of stone that a tenant had used to hold a roof patch in place above his apartment .
he carried me carefully as teeg made his way toward a doorway at the back of the open area .
wearily i flopped onto a chair in the reception area .
tory came to see me often , and we usually went to the pool area or the arboretum .
` ` he is very difficult to please , '' the assistant explained as xiri turned toward the pastry prep area .
i understood the logic - there was n't any room to put tables and no room to place wait staff - the outer area was filled with tourists waiting for their food or waiting to order .
i faded from the pool area , farzi right behind me .
slipping off my barstool , i headed toward the door that led to the back of the house and the pool area .
tables were hauled in from the shed and the reptanoids and i worried over their placement in the pool area .
she points to a seated area of white leather chairs .
kate sits in our living area , surrounded by books .
clutching my cell , i pace the living area of our apartment , staring out of the window at the fading evening light .
she grabs me by my arm and drags me into the bedroom that 's off the living area of the suite .
taking another deep breath , i enter the living area of the suite .
there 's an opulent , plush seating area , all overstuffed couches and soft cushions , an elaborate coffee table with a stack of large glossy books , a study area with a top - of - the - range mac , an enormous plasma screen tv on the wall , and christian is sitting at a dining table on the other side of the room reading a newspaper .
there 's an opulent , plush seating area , all overstuffed couches and soft cushions , an elaborate coffee table with a stack of large glossy books , a study area with a top - of - the - range mac , an enormous plasma screen tv on the wall , and christian is sitting at a dining table on the other side of the room reading a newspaper .
grabbing my t - shirt , bra , and panties from yesterday , i put them in the shopping bag that taylor brought and head back to the living area to hunt for my bag and jacket .
christian follows me into the living area , and in spite of her i've - been - having - a - good - time - all - night grin , kate eyes him suspiciously .
i ' m glad that the area is floodlit , otherwise i 'd find it difficult to see inside the small cockpit .
it 's the main living area , double height .
on the left beside us , by the entryway , is the kitchen area .
near the kitchen area , in front of the glass wall , is a dining table surrounded by sixteen chairs .
i walk back to the kitchen area - it takes a few seconds , it 's so far from the glass wall - and christian is opening a bottle of wine .
you must have some questions , '' he says as he wanders into the kitchen area , releasing my hand .
kate is in the living area packing up her books into crates .
she hops from foot to foot excitedly and bounds back into the living area .
christian grey likes scale - i think of his living area , in fact , his whole apartment .
she is not in the living area .
we follow him through a plush seating area to an intimate dining room .
he smiles , his dark eyes crinkling at the corners , and follows me into the living area .
kate comes back into the living area with a bottle of red wine and washed teacups .
i stand and make my way over to the kitchen area on the pretense of unpacking one of the crates .
he glances up as taylor directs me into the living area .
we step out onto a grey flagstone patio area lit by recessed lights in the flagstones .
he 's not in the art gallery , but an elegant middle - aged woman is cleaning in the kitchen area .
after clearing the pans , tactfully , she heads out of the living area .
we go through the double doors behind the reception area , into a large brightly decorated open plan office , and from there , head into a small meeting room .
christian grey ceo , grey enterprises holdings inc . kate and i pull up outside the drop - off area at sea - tac airport terminal .
christian exits toward the living area , and i wander into the bathroom .
seven minutes later , i am in the living area , scrubbed , brushed and dressed in jeans , my camisole , and christian grey 's underwear .
` ` the no - go areas , '' he says by way of explanation .
i watch , horrified , as at least twenty men make their way to the stage area , christian included , moving with easy grace between the tables and pausing to say a few hellos on the way .
to the left is the kitchen area - very well appointed , all pale wood .
along with the playroom and three spare bedrooms upstairs , i ' m intrigued to find that taylor and mrs . jones have a wing to themselves - a kitchen , spacious living area , and a bedroom each .
he leads me to the kitchen area and ushers me toward a bar stool as he heads to the fridge .
as we enter , he stands and walks over to join us in the seating area .
he takes me through to the main living area , which is empty , save for a large faded gold rug - the biggest rug i have ever seen .
hastily , i leave the kitchen area away from christian 's anxious gaze and head toward the great window .
it 'll also make a sheltered al fresco dining and seated area . ''
the hallway opens up into a large sitting area where three off - white leather couches surround a stone fireplace that dominates the room .
he frowns after her , bemused , then nods to taylor , who follows leila toward the reception area .
he nods , and i walk briskly into the buzzing er reception area .
four patients are each housed in their own separate area , attached to hundreds of thousands of dollars ' worth of hi - tech equipment .
christian is working on the mac in the study area of the suite .
she clears our plates and heads over to the kitchen area .
sawyer is waiting at the entrance , scanning the public area .
i usher her toward the kitchen area as christian leads his parents into his study .
in the main living area , the back wall has been removed to make way for gia 's glass wall , and work is beginning on the terrace .
we walked into a living area with two large butter - colored leather sofas and a massive marble fireplace .
i peeked inside the large entry hall and stepped into a small area with three different arched doorways to choose from ahead of me .
marcus grabbed us both a drink , and we headed over to an unoccupied shaded area .
once inside , they got her information , and then instructed me to stay in the waiting area while they checked her out .
we followed amanda up a set of steps and onto the large party area .
we were seated at a table away from the main dining area , where there were no other people around us .
he walked over to the sitting area and sat me down on one of the oversized chairs .
after i used the bathroom , i headed out into the living room area where reed was still on the phone .
this is the only area that does not have windows . ''
we have a couple of more bedrooms , the dining room area , the laundry room- '' ` ` stop !
the granite vanity was huge , and it included a lighted makeup area .
i headed into the kitchen area that was set off to the side of the living room and began making some coffee .
i went into the breakfast area and smiled at the window - lined room .
there was a separate sitting area with a huge bench that ran along massive windows at the back wall .
the elevator opened and we stepped out into the small lobby area .
i turned to the right and walked into the hallway and then made another right and walked us into the open kitchen and living room area .
i heard my cell phone go off and i made my way back out to the main living area of the condo .
he nodded his head and turned away from me and headed to the kitchen area .
we had a walkway that led from the deck down to the yard area , and another crushed granite walkway that led to the dock .
i raked my hands through my hair and walked over to the small waiting area .
i walked toward the area where luke would be pulling up .
it included a huge master bedroom with a separate sitting area that had mireya 's bassinet .
there was a small sitting area near the fireplace .
i quickly scanned the area for him .
i quickly wiped the tears away as i walked through the dining area and living room .
we made our way through the lobby , and trey guided me over toward empty chairs in the bar area .
by the time we got up to the labor and delivery area , my heart was pounding so hard that i was beginning to have a hard time breathing .
i curled my hands into fists to stop them from shaking as i made my way through the hallway into the open - plan living area of the penthouse apartment .
my head snapped around from caine 's direction to the kitchen area where my boss , benito , was surrounded by two laptops and various other equipment for the photo shoot .
then inside in the sitting area .
opposite the kitchen was a reading area , and beyond that was a huge black sofa that faced a wall where a massive flat - screen television hung .
my focus was drawn to a spot of color on the coffee table at the tv area .
we followed the guests down a small group of stairs at the end leading us into a huge entrance area .
caine just nodded absentmindedly and strode into the center of the open living area .
my eyes alighted on the side table near the dining area .
the club contained a large central space with a dance floor and a bar ; two sides of the area were dotted with tables and low couches .
hundreds of people were lined on each side of the walkway leading to the commons area where prom was held every year .
i was n't sure who had been in charge of transforming the commons area into prom , and i did n't have a basis for comparison , but it was magical and did n't feel like the high school at all .
light from the streetlamps outside briefly lit up the indoor area when the door opened before it closed again .
the fake white marbling in the red tile of the hallway looked like tiny albino snakes slithering in different directions , mostly toward the large glass windows that lined the south wall of the commons area .
she was barely taller than the partition that separated her desk area from the rest of the office lobby .
come on , '' she said , pulling open the curtain to one of the dressing areas .
in certain areas , i could still smell the fresh paint .
chapter twelve ` ` hi , '' jackson said from the love seat in the small waiting area down the hall .
the packed room was tiny and closed in with its dull lights , brick walls , and large bar area taking up most of the space .
hip - hop pounded throughout the ground floor , kids were dancing and drinking in the large living area , talking and drinking in the dining room and hallway , and bodies littered all the way up to the second floor .
` ` well , i think i ' m finally unpacked , '' i announced , walking into the open plan living room and kitchen area .
liv , joss , and i were at an activity center in morningside that had a cafe just on the edges of the play area .
from our table we could see lily and luke in the soft play area supervised by a couple of nursery assistants .
my eyes moved to marco , who was standing at the edge of the soft play area .
he talked quietly to the girl in the waiting area and gestured for her to go into the back room .
when i returned to tell larissa that rae would be five minutes , i was surprised to find the girl sitting in the waiting area crying into her hands .
i informed him of this with a warmer politeness than usual , and i could feel his curious gaze on my back as he followed me out into the reception area .
appearing in the main studio , cole was too busy discussing aftercare with his customer to notice jessica in the waiting area .
he was standing in the gallery area , showing tattoo concepts to a prospective customer , as well as going over his video portfolio for the guy .
he took me out to lunch twice , and when he did n't have a client he hung out in the waiting area distracting me from my work with silly stories and jokes .
out in the studio i led him to the waiting area where a tall , slender brunette with lip and eyebrow piercings was waiting for him .
he offered to let her sit in our waiting area until she felt better , but she seemed adamant to get gone .
there were about forty tables and a small play area near the entrance where kids were supervised .
amanda finally caught sight of me standing behind the reception desk , and , ignoring the people sitting in the waiting area , she strode over to me with her eyebrow quirked .
she can park her arse in the waiting area . ''
it was so hot and sticky humid that i was seriously beginning to believe that new orleans was one of the seven circles of hell and the outdoor seating area of the palace cafe was the gateway .
there may be a loading area back there .
instead of staying back as i 'd been ordered , i placed my helmet on the retaining wall surrounding a flower box and then slipped the dagger out of my boot , stepping into the open area .
from our vantage point , i could see couches and roped off areas .
i inched closer , turning sideways as i tried to blend in among those crowding the lounge area .
there were a few more people in the inn 's common area , but no one who gave them much notice .
the woman introduced herself as olivia and led mae to a curtained - off area with a hanging dress .
tour groups viewed the public areas while lobbyists , politicians , and aides hurried back and forth through the crowded corridors , everyone intent on their destination .
afterward , he put on one of his best suits and wandered back to the common area , just as the others were sitting down to the first of their daily check - ins while here in arcadia .
these corridors were as richly decorated as everything in the public areas , but justin did n't find himself awed by it so much as the infrastructure that it was connected to .
the house showed the signs of overcrowding , with makeshift beds in the halls and common areas from those who 'd been displaced by the gemmans in mae 's building .
mae quietly slipped out of the bedroom and out to the common area .
although it was dinnertime , the summer evening still offered plenty of light and warmth so that he was able to host his guests out on an expansive patio and terrace area .
he took out his ego and strolled off to one of the small storage rooms adjacent to the main conference area .
in the guesthouse 's common area , the other gemmans were congregating by gender , and justin led hannah to a spot beside val before joining the men .
he had n't actually expected to be stuck in the reception area for a half hour .
the videos tessa had watched of services had been in places that typified gemman public areas : simple , clean , bright .
the back room looked like any messy workshop type of area .
the bolt to the storage area on the second floor was still in place .
leo had some of the satellite images of the warehouse that he went over with mae , pointing out the most likely surveillance areas .
he reached cornelia 's reception area on the twentieth floor and found mae sitting and reading her ego .
he stood in a window that overlooked the dining area and was presumably where the food came from .
while there were cameras in the bathroom 's main area ( i think they were afraid someone might break a mirror and use it as a weapon ) , the individual stalls offered one of the few private areas in the facility .
while there were cameras in the bathroom 's main area ( i think they were afraid someone might break a mirror and use it as a weapon ) , the individual stalls offered one of the few private areas in the facility .
the part we walked into was filled with wedding dresses , and beyond it , i could see a salon area .
it 's in a very secure area , not open to general hotel guests . ''
the room she took us to had a cozy sitting area and access to a private porch , as well as a big , plush bed .
nice - looking cabins were arranged in orderly rows and seemed to be divided into business and residential areas .
mallory led us toward a large cabin that was situated between the business and residential areas , bouncing with each step she took .
some parts were easier to get to than others , so today 's goal was checking out the public areas .
our search parties scoured all the public areas we could , checking some of them twice , without finding anything .
eddie followed me through the window , and i found we were in the building that had served as a training area for my self - defense class .
` ` take 'em to the holding area , '' came the response .
we enter an area full of dancers .
a light breeze from the window flitted across an area she did n't normally air out .
she opens her small mouth , and the wail she unleashes reverberates around the checkout area .
they stare as i walk through the room and toward the lounge area that opens up into the offices .
his arms lay against my calves and his hands hook over the top of my thighs to hold on , and he starts walking back to our work area .
i step up into the playground area , deserted this early on a sunday morning , and feel my feet sink into the soft wood chips that cover the ground .
torres and brookes are pretending to watch game film in the lounge area right outside the office , and they pounce as soon as i ' m out .
the building was partially demolished in places , including the wall that had been knocked down between the bar area and the dance floor .
wow , impressive , '' lucas said as we headed into a separate area .
my shoes stuck to the deck , coming away with a nasty sucking noise as i made my way cautiously into the area .
there was a small timbered area , walled off at the bow of the ship , that sometimes housed drunk or unruly seamen , and here he had been secured .
not in any of the beautifully equipped areas that served the royal family or their secretaries , ladies ' maids , housekeepers , butlers , or other upper servants - but still , within the palace precincts .
mr . smith and ian had rowed across to the teal in hopes of retrieving my own kit , but given the amount of damage i could see in the area where our cabin had been , i did n't have much hope .
meanwhile , he 'd go down to the camp followers ' area and find jane .
by the time he 'd got her back to the camp followers ' area , she was sniffling but no longer wailing , and she was looking where she was going .
but he 'd ordered the ' office ' - which consisted of a cupboard crammed into the hallway between the living area and kitchen ( which held logbooks instead of dishes ) , and the built - in kitchen table ... over which drooped a single lightbulb on a cord .
snaking round two displays and trespassing into the miniscule seating area where every seat was taken , the end of the line trailed down the hallway .
finally , the guy in front of her gave his order , paid and moved to the pick - up area .
boyce was so skeeved out - i assumed from the blood , though my blood all over his fists a few months ago had n't bothered him - that she ordered him to go sit in the waiting area until we were done .
instead , after six hours , i arrived at a station that smelled like the combination of a poorly run rest home and areas of washington , dc , that my friends and i had been forbidden to venture into on our own .
sitting cross - legged in the waiting area of the front office , i finish filling in the purple strip of the rainbow i ' ve created on my left hand .
an area that 's away from prying eyes and the outside world .
15 jonah in the kitchen area behind the lunch line , someone drops enough plates and silverware to wake the dead at the cemetery .
the waiting area of the police station has a layer of dust and dirt and filth and is the size of a walk - in closet .
large white columns run on both sides of the center seating , and painted in the domed area over the sanctuary are pictures of the apostles .
i gesture to the prayer candle area .
a single bulb lights the area .
i loitered in the gym when we finished cooling down - washed down the mats and bags , cleaned the mirror , untangled jump ropes - anything to keep from being in the same area as him when he was naked .
i pull out my i d for rose , and she walks into a back office area .
i walk through the waiting area where parents are reading and talking and past the boys at the gaming console .
by the time i got to take a breather and find a second to shove a taco in my face before the next wave , i was surprised when ramon wandered over to the service area , where i was hiding with a bemused expression on his face .
he rose to his full and impressive height and meandered back into the kitchen area to grab a manila folder that i had n't seen before .
i guided her out of the waiting area to the front doors of the facility .
i went into the little area where they had stashed brysen and pushed aside the privacy curtain just as a nurse was jabbing a needle in her arm .
as promised , ari is waiting for me at the baggage claim area , my garment bag and small suitcase at his feet .
i step out into an elegant reception area .
beyond the wide steps and charming veranda lie a restaurant and bar areas that occupy the entire lower level .
i watch alec 's face as he scans the area , making note of several items before glancing back at me .
he could n't wait to escape the area cordoned off for the squad and head for the peace and quiet of the main park area .
hardy led her past the main park area and through a small patch of oak trees to a knoll that overlooked the collection of gazebos scattered across one corner of the park .
she nodded stiffly and turned toward the registration area .
hardy paced the floor in the waiting area , knowing he had no choice but to await miracle 's mother .
i drop travis off at the front row and head to the area behind the pulpit , where the groom awaits .
when i pull up beneath the covered area at the front of the hotel , tommi finally looks at me again .
the stage is surrounded by deep - seated velvet chairs in black , each with a small , round table to the side , and there are several doors on two of the walls , as well as a balcony area up top .
when hemi told me they wanted to come out here tonight , i called and had the manager hold open one of the vip seating areas for us .
as the attendant loads our bags from the trunk into the luggage compartment of the jet , kennedy and i make our way into the main cabin area .
we pass an area he explains is the crew lounge .
it 's a large room with a kitchenette against the back wall and a long table that separates it from the living area .
with an exaggerated shake of my head and roll of my eyes , i curl my hand under his elbow and let him lead me through another door that empties into the rotunda and main dining area .
i ' ve just had a shower and am sitting down to some oatmeal in the crew kitchen area when karesh enters .
reese is sitting at the covered bar area that sits behind the small pool and hot tub .
three of the four men that i met at breakfast are scattered around the pool area and two men that i ' ve never seen before are in the hot tub with two girls that i ' ve not yet met .
the reception area is empty , just like it was last night .
but now that sloane 's involved ... movement behind the glass doors that lead from the pool area , where i am , back into the house catches my eye .
he says angrily , stomping up to the reception area .
bo took a left and walked into the tiny bedroom area that sat off the back of the modest living room .
he led the way down the hal to the den area just off the kitchen , what he 'd referred to as the living room .
the hounds are shackled to this area .
the cop that was talking to mr . hall strode to the center of that area marked off to be the dance floor and he stopped .
i turned to make my way back through the dark back stage area .
still looking for bo , i glanced all around the covered eating area , as well as the grass and picnic tables .
taking a deep breath , i walked into the tiny above - ground living area , the one i liked to think of as a decoy , and turned to look back at lucius .
when i glance toward the stage area again , it 's to see the redhead is now approaching .
once we 're inside , i see that the big room is divided into two halves , separated by a humongous bar area .
there 's no backstage area for them to dress and await their show time .
back here , it 's basically just a lounge area for lucky 's employees and the few bands that they ever host here .
after taking a couple of deep breaths , i make my way back out to the main bar area , to violet where she 's sitting with jake and laney .
jet requests the outdoor area , so the hostess leads us to a table in the corner of the patio .
the day is already very warm , but the ceiling fan helps keep the area cool .
the thought of curling up next to jake , after dark , in front of the fire i can see them building on the beach area , is extremely tempting .
sooty is in the office area that sits just inside the entrance .
the rest of the night , i 'd spent tossing and turning on the narrow bed in the loft , the one sooty had labeled as my ` ` area '' when he was away .
the sound reverberates across the tall ceiling of the stable and i follow it to the doors closest the parking area out back .
he takes my hand and leads me back out into the main stable area .
at the track , after we ' ve parked , rusty and i head for the stable area .
` ` carson , you should totally try that on , '' leah called from the area just outside the fitting rooms .
he walked on ahead of me then stopped halfway up the beach area and turned back to me .
as i approached the front desk , i saw the back of a maroon vest - clad attendant as she rounded the corner into the mysterious place behind the reception area .
that 's the area where i like to play , where black and white meet in the shadows .
we ride smoothly upward until the doors open into a luxurious , dimly lit reception area .
after we 're off , i tip him and watch as he drives the bike into the gated , underground parking area .
cash takes my hand and leads me through the door at the back of the office , into the kitchen of the apartment area in behind .
he pulls the unconscious man into the main living area , the floor of which is devoid of any kind of furniture but for a single old , brown couch .
the shop is set up so that there are different foci in different areas .
laid out before me is a living area , complete with a leather seating area and a tv fixed on the wall .
laid out before me is a living area , complete with a leather seating area and a tv fixed on the wall .
i watch him move down the galley to the driver 's area , and he slams the door shut , the same door we always keep open .
i stop just before the entryway to the living room area and watch from my vantage point .
smiling to myself , i step back into the bar area , and that 's when i see tom standing at the bar .
i feel tom enter the living area before i see him .
two hours later - waiting area , cedars - sinai medical center , la it 's been an incredibly long two hours .
we passed by her , entering the next curtained area .
ethel 's place was set up with a small waiting area attached to a tiny window , like a doctor 's office .
from the outside , the house had n't looked as though it could hold even one room this large , and this was obviously only the waiting area , so i guessed there had to be several other rooms .
we thanked the boy for our drinks and took them to a seating area that could have passed for vip seating at a club .
as he spoke , he set me down gently on a plush dark - brown leather chair in one of the hotels many sitting areas .
and he left through the sliding - glass doors leading to the vast patio and pool area with his gift card to the go - kart track .
it was just that addie was our only live - in , and the third floor was like an apartment in itself , complete with a kitchen , two bedrooms , two bathrooms , and a living area .
the pit , along with the jacuzzi , helped make the outdoor area usable all year long , even during the bitter - cold midwest winters .
with the headlights behind him , the area was well lit , and i tried to breathe against the flutter in my chest .
she said before darting over to our sink area to retrieve her toiletries .
when i lived here , that continued to be used throughout the cold months as well as the lawn furniture and barbecue area .
there was also a room dedicated to tubs of holiday decorations , and then the large open area that held a gaming center with standing video games , a pool table , air hockey , foosball , a gigantic flat screen , and just about every other entertainment a teenage boy like madoc could enjoy with his friends .
looking around the large area , i noticed everything was spotlessly clean .
slowly turning the dial on the wall , i brightened the area only enough to cast a soft glow .
i lost my breath , hearing snickers and snorts go off around the area as everyone reacted to what she 'd said .
after i 'd dealt with my mother , the afternoon had been shot , and by the time i 'd shown up to the party , the ` ` parents '' had retired to the bar area in the basement , letting the young people have the pool .
i was running through the backstage area as soon as miller finished his sentence .
he had walked out across the patio , through the garden , and into the outdoor pool area .
i gestured to the sitting area where i could see ridley and trevor smoking with a few groupies .
miller nodded his head and then ushered the other guys out of the backstage area .
the backstage area actually was n't much of a backstage .
the main area was a built - in stage that was used year - round for local events , and rooms branched off of it with stages for smaller bands .
i was about halfway through the backstage area when a guy stopped in front of me .
she glanced away from his overwhelmingly beautiful face , over the railing , and out across the main bar area .
she broke past the small bar area in the front where a few older gentlemen sat with coffee in hand as they mulled over their newspapers .
a balcony from the second floor overlooked the kitchen and dining area , bringing in even more natural light from the surrounding windows .
it opened up to a full - size loft with its own smaller sitting area and sliding wooden doors that were currently open to reveal a four - poster king - sized bed .
she was just thankful that she had on sandals rather than heels , because by the time she found parking , she had to trek more than a mile to the rally area .
liz let her eyes roam the area around the stage for where she thought the maxwell family might be .
she walked around the press area to the side of a small building and breathed in and out as slowly as she could muster .
liz took a few steps away from the counter and sat down in the small waiting area .
he was in a pair of khaki shorts and an untucked button - down as he all but stumbled forward in the living room area .
they turned away from the main lobby and exited the building through the back entrance , skirted the pool area , and walked the path that liz knew led to the beach .
liz watched hayden leave the press area and then lost him in the crowd as he went off in search of refreshments .
she could see that the space had been divided into different areas depending on whether you wanted a dj , live entertainment , or a slightly quieter environment .
a set of stairs led up to a secluded vip area that had her mind drifting off and away to a time when she had walked up similar stairs in charlotte the very first time she had ever met brady .
finally they found a slightly quieter area and sent the guys to go get drinks .
they took seats in the waiting area across from the front desk .
the show was starting any second , all the lights were out , and they were in a private area where no one was around .
when they reached the roped - off area where she and brady would wait along with much of his staff , liz let out a sigh of relief .
heather was speaking swiftly to the reporters on the other side of the roped - in area .
once they had been shepherded through the group and landed safely in their closed - off area , liz turned to brady with questions in her eyes .
brady agreed and they wandered off to the media area .
they exited the conference room and walked to the waiting area that led to the stage where brady would be giving his speech .
they were given a brief tour of the studio brady was using , which was n't much more than a few workrooms , a changing area , wardrobe , and then the main set with a green screen and very expensive camera equipment .
the second - to - last act finishes butchering u2 , and kylie and oz take their place in the center of the open area .
' it 's a working area . '
there was a sudden silence , and mr vaghela , who was uncomfortably warm , followed the eyes of the crowd to the shaded area under the hull of the next ship .
the hangars alone , where most of the brides were housed , fed and entertained , were nearly five hundred feet long and situated on the same floors as the canteens , bathrooms , the captain 's sleeping area and at least fourteen sizeable storerooms .
l. troman , seaman , hms victorious in wine , women and war two days in in an effort to keep occupied those brides whose initial excitement might have given way to homesickness , hms victoria offered , on the second full day of the voyage , the following activities - neatly documented in the inaugural issue of the daily ship news : 1000 hrs protestant devotions ( e deck ) 1300 hrs recorded music 1430 hrs deck games ( flight deck ) 1600 hrs knitting corner ( 4 oz of pink or white wool and two pairs of needles per girl to be provided by the red cross ) 1700 hrs lecture : ' marriage and family life ' , to be given by the ship 's chaplain 1830 hrs bingo party ( recreation area , main deck ) 1930 hrs roman catholic mass of these , the deck games and the bingo party looked to be the most popular , and the lecture the least .
if margaret had thought the brides ' cabins cramped , little had prepared her for the sheer numbers of men who could be crowded into a single mess area , not much bigger than a working - man 's parlour .
' we 'll have to post more marines outside the hangar area , the stokers ' and seamen 's messes . '
' you do know there are grave penalties for being in the men 's area ? '
she saw with alarm that the chaplain was there , then recognised the women 's officer who had come across them that night in the engine area .
around the island , tables and chairs had been brought up from the dining area , and were occupied by those unable or unwilling to keep dancing .
now , from their vantage - point on the veranda , they could look back through the archway at the dance area , which was now populated by men and women casting hopeful - and sometimes covetous - looks in the direction of the tables .
she waited until she heard his footsteps walking smartly back towards the hangar area .
no one was visible on g deck ; those not on duty were all in the hangar area , enjoying the dance .
as they came through the hatch into the dormitory area , a small part of her hoped the marine would be standing there .
we 're not posted outside the brides ' area tonight . '
he squints against the too - bright blue of the skies as he heads across the flight deck , slows along the hangar deck , and then , as he reaches the women 's area , he stops , savouring the dawn silence , the sound of the gulls crying from plymouth sound , the sound of home .
below him the sailors , dressed in their number - one uniforms , stood in perfect lines round the outside edge of the flight deck , while officers and senior ranks manned the island area - a ' procedure alpha ' , or prod a , as it was known to the men .
we ' ve got our own lounge area attached to the bedrooms and views all the way to cornwall ... ' frances walked slowly down the gangplank , her suitcase in her right hand , the other trailing lightly down the handrail .
it was a vast house ; its slate floors echoed , its living areas were covered with great expanses of sea - grass matting and there was an expensive sound system wired into the walls .
they ate at the little laminated table beside the kitchen area .
the nurses had lined up in the downstairs reception area to say good - bye to her , bright as pins in their starched pinafores .
a mural of blue skies and endless white sands took up most of one wall , and the oversize bust of a woman , taken from the prow of a ship , jutted into the bar area .
she walked into the secretary 's area , where he was standing .
she thinks , briefly , of the communal area in her own block , with its piles of neglected mail and carelessly left bicycles .
she stares at the shelves , which are neatly divided into digital and hard - copy areas .
let 's go and do a last check of the microfiche area and load up the tea stuff .
anthony 's voice , suddenly clear , cut through the curtained area .
i glanced up from the display of gloves , and closed the glass case over them , the sound swallowed by the huge atrium that made up la femme marche 's central shopping area .
after the gloom of the seating area the glare of the kitchen is blinding , the dulled sheen of steel surfaces bouncing light across the room .
he walks into the kitchen area and puts the kettle on , fetches her a towel to dry her hair , and watches as she walks tentatively around the room , apparently reassured by the packed bookshelves , the photographs on the sideboard : him in uniform , him and jake grinning , their arms around each other .
he flicks the kettle off , pours them both a glass of wine and comes into the living area .
the press area is packed .
before she can ask any more , henry is propelling her through the back of the courts , through a network of corridors and flights of stone stairs , out to the security area at the top of the main entrance .
' look , who knows what the judge will decide , ' henry says , as he sees her to the rear security area .
i found the tea and coffee area and made two coffees , noting the raised edges of the sideboard , the secured tea and coffee holders , presumably to stop the pots tipping off in high seas .
i thought i 'd be in and out , that i was building in an area that no one would be fussed about .
that was when the seas were full , the lounge area was loud with laughter and our lives were simple , our chief concern to celebrate the end of war and our new prosperity afterwards .
some kind of platform at the mouth of the bay , with an undersea viewing area . '
we could build a new jetty with a restaurant on top and a viewing area below . '
the watersports area , which jutted far into the bay , was punctuated by little plastic boats and even two waterskiers , complete with foam trails .
i dropped the basket with my purse and the jar of foie gras in the kitchen area and walked through to the washstand , where i splashed my flushed cheeks with cold water .
i stood up and walked away from him , through to the kitchen area .
i hesitated , stepped past the sleeping area and into the main studio .
the hospital itself was a gleaming low - rise building , the immaculate reception area more like that of some modernistic hotel , perhaps testament to private insurance .
i dawdled a little in the reception area , flicking through the magazines in the newsagent 's , lingering over chocolate bars .
we bought tickets for the stands , and then , almost faint with relief at finally having got there , i wheeled will out to a sheltered area just to the side of the main stand .
' hello , ' i said , stepping up to the reception area .
' i ' m afraid the weighing room , our relaxed dining area , is being refurbished right now , but there are stalls along the stands where you can get something to eat . '
but there is a disabled seating area downstairs that you can shut the doors on .
will did n't like going to the main area - too many people to gawp at him .
she attached herself to brad 's side the moment we arrived and found our dates sitting in the lounge area of the district , which is just off the bar .
pushing my way through the crowded bar area , i break free , moving down the short hall that spills out into the front lobby of the restaurant .
the dining area is to my right and it 's mostly empty , since it 's a monday night .
everyone starts clapping and whistling , and i go to the changing area to grab my bag .
they scramble like cockroaches when a light 's flicked on - even jen , who shoots me a worried look as she hurries past , headed straight into the dining area .
the dining area is dark and quiet but the bar is still in full swing .
motioning towards the living area , i said , ` ` i 'll just go make myself comfortable until the guys wake up . ''
i whirled around in the captain 's chair to find the living area of the bus still empty and quiet as a tomb .
while the other guys were lounging around in the living area , jake was noticeably absent .
i came back to the living area and plopped down .
the ' barn ' was more of a finished house or his bachelor pad , so to speak , where he had work - out equipment , a living area to relax in , and then the loft upstairs to sleep .
as i gazed wildly around the living area , my instincts had been spot - on because something did n't feel right .
as i got outside , i saw him stalking across the garden area .
i could hear the opening of jacob 's ladder 's rehearsal as we weaved through the chaotic backstage area .
while there was a place to go inside and eat , brayden drove over to the drive - in area .
we 'd pulled into the rv area of the great southeastern fair somewhere in mississippi about an hour ago .
when the plane landed at lax , i grabbed my carryon and headed to the pickup area .
aj questioned , from the kitchen area .
after we left the reception area , a nurse ushered mia over to some scales .
the nurse at mia 's side stepped forward and gently shoved the girl back into the reception area .
i fight back a sob as my gaze rests on the sitting area where she spent countless hours immersed in a story .
i sit in the waiting area of my psychiatrist 's office , vacantly staring at the glass coffee table .
the oversized sectional and two recliners in the living area give the space a more masculine look .
i roll my eyes , shake my head , and look toward the living area just as the front door swings open .
` ` there 's one over by the living area . ''
i look back at bryson , who 's slowly backing away into the living area .
my anxiety kicks in as i step into the waiting area of the restaurant .
last weekend at the lake house , logan and i fell asleep on the couch in the living area .
she slightly nods my way , flashing an arrogant smirk , and then treads her slutty , potentially disease - infected self toward the living area .
then he nods his head and turns , joining his girl in the living area .
i ignore his remark and go straight into the kitchen area , where i work for the first half of my day by installing oak cabinets .
as i finish adjusting the last cabinet for the top row , i hear an uproar in the living area .
i nod , walking past him and straight into his living area .
i tear my eyes away from logan and see santino , charlie , bryson , and blair are all in the living area .
i walk into the visiting area .
we enjoy drinks and hors d'oeuvres before my father calls everyone out into the garden area .
the episode was n't one of the bad ones but an enclosed area lacking proper ventilation could n't be worse when you feel like you 're smothering to death .
no one is in the living area .
they have me wait in a holding area .
bleu 's nurse comes into the small recovery area .
she points to an area in the cockenzie area .
she points to an area in the cockenzie area .
i pointed to the area i planned on doing next .
` ` and i could let you , but we 're in the middle of the emergency room waiting area , '' she reminded me .
he whirled his head to look at the traffic in the outer lane and then quickly changed lanes and wheeled into the parking area on the fairgrounds .
after getting the cake and whipped cream , i walked to the produce area to get the strawberries and noticed a pretty girl watching nick at the meat counter .
they were n't busy because it was the middle of the week and we were seated in a booth in a dark , secluded area off to ourselves .
` ` you look nice , '' brian said as i entered the living area .
the living area takes up the other half of the floor and has the largest sectional couch that i have ever seen .
we make our way to the reception area to see our clients out and regina tells me she 's going to head out on time for a change .
* * * even though i have a pass allowing me access to the downstairs area , i still wait on line with the others , many of which do n't have passes .
pointing an angry finger at me before leaving the front desk area , caden warns , ` ` this conversation is n't over . ''
feeling flustered for being caught , i practically run back to the reception area .
i know before we reach the viewing area , it 's going to be her .
it 's still the busiest area of the room .
it 's not unintentional that i pick the machine all the way at the end , the one that gives me a clear line of vision to the reception area .
the second floor housed a rather large stage and a huge dance area .
olivia walked through the large dance floor area as she searched for her friends .
alexander walked her into the foyer and toward a small reception area in front of a large mirror glass wall with burnham and associates in giant block letters .
several modern black chairs surrounded a coffee table in the waiting area with large black and white art prints adorning the gray walls .
to the right was a sitting area with a black leather couch , love seat , and a few lounge chairs surrounding a black coffee table .
adjacent to the sitting area was a wet bar .
he grabbed her hand and led her into his sitting area where a petite woman sat with her laptop open .
she walked into the reception area , leaving alexander alone with his thoughts for a moment .
a tall , built man in his mid - fifties wearing a black suit sat in the reception area , standing immediately when he noticed his boss emerge .
the dog ran free , sprinting up and down the gated area .
when olivia walked through the doors into the reception area , she received a warm greeting .
to the right of the door was the bar area with a few high top tables bordering the wall .
to the left was a small dining area with a stage .
thanks carter , '' olivia said , walking toward the dining room area and up to the small front table .
alexander walked over to the bar and sat at a stool that hid him from most of the crowd sitting in the lower dining area that housed the stage .
olivia stood in the bar area , keeping an eye out the door for carter and the suv .
alexander re - entered the lounge area , happy to see that adele and her parents had gone to the deck patio to have a seat .
the downstairs area had cleared out once the band had started to perform .
an oversized four - poster mahogany bed sat in the center of the room with a writing and sitting area by the windows .
she exhaled loudly when the doors closed just as alexander appeared in the reception area .
the upper deck housed another lounge area in addition to an outdoor dining area .
the upper deck housed another lounge area in addition to an outdoor dining area .
olivia held her arm , walking her to a chair in the vanity area of the restroom .
as she made her way through the finish line chute , she grabbed her finisher 's medal and found alexander just outside of the runner 's area .
he opened the shades and sunlight streamed into the living area .
he hung up and went back out to the living area .
within a few seconds , the doors opened and she walked out into the reception area in front of alexander 's office .
she walked over to the sitting area and ran her fingers across the back of the large couch .
she walked into the reception area , sobbing uncontrollably , desperately needing to get away from everything that reminded her of alexander .
chapter thirty - one following olivia left the doctor 's office , surprised that agent thompson , her escort , was n't sitting in the reception area waiting for her .
` ` i 'll just wait right here , miss adler , '' marshall said , pointing to a vanity sitting area in the posh bathroom .
when the doors opened , he grabbed her hand , practically running through the reception area .
donovan shouted from his office into the reception area .
she slumped into a chair in the sitting area of an upscale boutique on newbury street .
she gestured to an atrocious white concoction that the consultant had carried into their sitting area .
` ` i figure we 'll take it easy today , '' she replied as they walked through the gate area toward baggage claim .
` ` i love all the stares we 're getting , like we 're celebrities or something , '' bridget said as the limo pulled out of the valet area .
the guys followed the girls back to their booth , olivia letting the bouncers guarding their area know that it was okay to let them in .
the sliding doors opened and she was surrounded by so many familiar faces standing in the stark white waiting area .
a few minutes later , he entered the vacant reception area of his company 's headquarters , making his way down the corridor and into his office .
~~~~~~~~~~ ` ` livvy , i ' m so glad that you 're here , '' mo said when he saw her walk through the sliding glass doors of the hospital and into the waiting area , carter close behind her .
chapter twenty - six gone ` ` alex , '' mo said , jumping up when he saw him running through the glass doors of the hospital into the waiting area , his expression panicked .
many of the guests left the area as normal bar patrons began to flood the second floor to see the band perform their regular set .
carol said from the sitting area in his office , looking through some of her father 's old files , trying to help him put the pieces together .
the next several hours passed in a daze while alexander sat in the waiting area at the emergency room , gazing ahead at the white walls .
hordes of people were milling about in the large living and dining areas , waiting to head to the historic church down the street .
kiera shouted when she saw him run through the doors leading to the registration area .
i made sure that the backstage fans stayed in their designated area with security watching them like hawks - never know when one wanted to sneak into the dressing room for a quickie , or worse to get famous for killing a famous rocker - while i made sure that my guys were taken care of .
when we reached the bar area that had the dance floor right behind it , we all stopped at the sight that greeted us .
when i left the bedroom i found lana and drake on the couch in the living area .
what had once been the living room was now a reception area that had rachel 's desk as well as a few chairs and the walls were covered in beautifully framed posters of both demon 's wings and otherworld .
three bunks on each side with individual gray curtains covering each bed area .
with my heart beat suddenly racing at the thought of sharing the suite with the man i could still taste on my tongue , i moved through the sitting area of the room and took a seat on the long couch in front of the flat screen .
the living room area was already full .
covers , sheets , pillows and even a stuffed animal were tossed around the sleeping area .
when she was inside the sleeping area , she pushed me back and shut the door in my face .
chapter 9 marissa the sleeping area was a disaster , but after i helped natalie put the beds back together all that was left were a bunch of dents and a few holes in the walls .
in the living area i discovered that the place had been turned upside down .
` ` but ... '' harper glanced from where natalie had just been sitting , then down the hall to where the warped door of the sleeping area was now firmly closed behind the couple .
i quickly reached for my boxers at the end of the bed and pulled them on as i followed her out of the sleeping area and down the hall to the living room .
i was the first one out , my eyes searching the surrounding area for any sign of natalie , reminding myself that i had to look for a short - haired chick instead of the long glossy hair i was used to .
anything else he might have said was cut off when i closed the door to the sleep area .
if i looked at him i knew i would probably throw one of the cans of soda in my hand at his head , so i kept my back to him as i finished up and then walked back to the sleep area where marissa was waiting on me .
jesse 's gaze went to the sleep area at the back of his bus and he blew out a frustrated breath .
linc did n't say another word as he carried me down the narrow hall to the sleeping area and placed me in my roost .
leaving everyone in the living room , i went back to the sleeping area and straight to her roost .
i was n't even sure if he saw me as he headed through the sleeping area and down the hall .
i walked down the hall and straight into the sleeping area , slamming the door behind me .
my eyes widened when i saw the mess the sleeping area was in .
pink filled my cheeks at the memory of everyone 's knowing looks when devlin and i had left the sleeping area earlier that day .
` ` unless this is your bus , you do not go into the sleeping area .
i followed him through the sleeping area and into the bathroom where i pulled a towel from the linen closet along with a washcloth .
` ` that was ballsy , '' i heard jenna grumble but did n't pay her any attention as i carried my girl into the sleeping area and shut the door behind us .
` ` ah fuck , '' he grumbled and walked back toward the sleeping area .
the four of us were still laughing our asses off when the door to the sleeping area slammed shut .
neveah ran straight to the little play area that was set up for toddlers and i watched with an indulgent smile as my beautiful little niece brought me toy after toy after toy .
moving quietly , she led joe past the counter area and to the back kitchen .
he meets nightman and doc in the main bar area .
red leather sofas recline in one corner , creating a closed off seating area arranged around a large centre table of moulded animal bone .
there were a number of large storage areas here , filled with remainder stock and a few old fashioned water looms .
two dozen squads are going to raid into the army areas and go after their officers and leave clues that it was members of the opposing armies that did the attacks .
as she lined up the both couples in the dining area , she mentally checked off their visible gear .
at steve 's insistence all data was transmitted live to his backup area deep in the cavern by the new fiber optic cables .
they entered a really plush area and the secretary ushered them into an office larger than the bridge of the catcher 1 .
i sat on a metal chair in the waiting area .
she could nt believe they were foolish enough to leave them unattended , but before leading a stunned gertrude and emma back into what she assumed was the cell area , they bolted a large heavy metal door behind them .
the hallways leading off the intake room bifurcated into two separate areas .
i guessed , judging from the one remaining sigh , that at some point in the past , one side had been the dog holding area , and the other had been for cats .
the center living area is the most well - reinforced , but i do nt know if its worth the risk .
andy went into trauma management mode and became a machine of sortschecking wounds , bandaging the injured , taking those that could be safely moved and putting them in a well - lit area for triage .
she unlocked the door to a fairly sizable living room area with an adjacent kitchenette that looked like it had undergone some remodeling to improve the facilities .
maria led me to another area of the compound that held a hive - like cluster of bedrooms .
i think we can head back up to the common area now , she said .
our miscellaneous hangout area , tactical planning room , and relaxation tank .
i do nt want you seen exiting this area .
i go to the kitchen area and grab three plates , when i return i notice that both noah and cherie are just staring vacantly down at the floor .
right , i say as i walk away and head towards the kitchen area .
the office reception area was cozy , but not cramped .
this was a secured area , so you got into the institutional paranoia mindset .
rachel yawned as they filed into the reception area , sounds , sounds fine .
marianne cabrini had and used the right to give ryan or gustav the boot from her office area , should they get in her way or on her nerves .
after the common area looked less slovenly , three left for the elevators while three set up the home base .
look over at the slave shack area .
if you good people would proceed to the areas marked off for your viewing pleasure , the battle will begin at precisely four - thirty .
as he cast a few spells on himself and the guards with him , he quickly scanned the rest of the city and saw that whatever was happening appeared to be concentrated in only one area of the city .
i need details , brask said , standing in the center of the area .
druzeel watched them walk away from the area , just out of hearing , and get into a heated argument .
drisk led them to the back of the warehouse , to a small area consisting of two couches and a handful of chairs surrounding a large round table .
piyus uttered a quick word and the clouds inside his orb parted , showing him the outside of his home , the area where the wards had gone off .
they scanned the grounds , peered into the shadows , and looked hard into every corner or area that may hide a body .
there was also a large area of the floor that had dozens of small burn marks , as if droplets of fire had fallen from the sky .
the air in the infirmarys waiting area seemed to reverberate with a shockwave designed to do only one thing .
javik and i were able to bring some blueprints of this area of the citadel on my omni - tool if correct , were ten floors above ground - level .
the slugs tore into the metal walkway they were gathered on , peppering the viewing area relentlessly .
a few shots glanced off garrus armor as he dove behind the metal wall of the viewing area , cursing .
the marauders that had been targeting them had changed their focus to another area of the presidium across the lake .
allowing garrus to lead her by the hand to the makeshift check - in desk at the docking bay security area , shepard began to absorb her surroundings on the cradle .
a quarian male crouched in a darkened corner of the check - in area , his omni - tool activated with sparks issuing frequently from the computer terminal he worked to connect .
the enclosed confines of the security area and docking bays had opened out into a sunbathed world of glass and steel .
the post - war era that they now lived in had been a central theme in the construction of many areas of the replacement station .
i found that i had actually entered a small reception area , and to my right was the door that led to my office .
he and i were out on this very pasture feeding the cattle , '' he stated pointing out towards the work area .
he took another drag off his cigarette and walked to the shed , careful not to step on any of the body parts strewn about the area .
the building was sectioned off into different investigation departments with laboratories ; offices and field experiment areas set aside inside to test ideas and theories .
his office consisted of this open area set up with no walls ; doors or windows , and he loved the freedom of movement and space it provided him to work in .
down the hall , sean walked through the sliding glass doors and back out to the parking area .
tom squeezed into his tiny area , a six - by - six cubicle of compressed workspace .
two security officers in a visitors - reception area manned the main guard post .
they proceeded to an open area where production workers and automation machinery could be viewed .
they close down this observation area at two - thirty for security purposes , and its just about that time .
they pulled into the alternative parking area and into a reserved billet .
mcbridle led the way to one of the companys meeting areas located on this floor .
the secured area behind the guard post was cluttered with sounds of combat boot formations and stuffed weapon magazines popping in and out of semiautomatics ; it seemed less like a live exercise and more like a staging area for an attack .
the secured area behind the guard post was cluttered with sounds of combat boot formations and stuffed weapon magazines popping in and out of semiautomatics ; it seemed less like a live exercise and more like a staging area for an attack .
well start with those who have access to this computer area .
when post security was satisfied , an officer escorted them down a sterile - looking corridor to a holding area .
they entered the restaurant area ( photos of motion picture celebrates lined the wall where the maitre d greeted customers .
the extra weight was exhausting the beast as he chased tom from one area of the circle to the other .
he entered the rodent - sweet area ; the floor felt soft under his feet as if it could collapse at any moment ; somehow that dangerous probability did nt matter .
mcbridle ordered a table for two ; then she led him to the lounge area , which was sectioned off at the opposite side of the dining room .
the doors rolled partially opened , and he found himself in a dingy area for discarded protective clothing .
it was like a chameleon ; it was the only thing on the work area deck , and it blended in perfectly with the pale blue concrete floor epoxy .
from the decontamination area , he entered the man - lift and dropped down to the work floor .
inside the control area the computer operators were checking and rechecking and activating and deactivating the launch codes in the weapons guidance system .
he exited the area and stepped into the man - lift and returned to the locker room .
the weight of his flak jacket and other small gadgets clipped to his utility belt slowed his mobility as he ambled into the area five or six paces beyond the door .
standing upright in the middle of the abounding area was a glassed - in show cabinet filled with ancient weapons of a grouping of rusty spiked - balls and chains , battle swords of all shapes and sizes , dented metal helmets , and bits and pieces of body armour used in warfare during the medieval times .
ckecko passed one to tom and set the other on voyids desk ; then he quietly left the area .
your ruling hand of authority has come to an abrupt end , remmie revealed , as he commanded his soldiers to leave the area through a back exit .
jenny walked through the reception area into to a comfortable conference room with windows on the bay side .
later ( it could have been the next day by then ) she was yanked to her feet by a couple of large female goons and hustled down to a shower area , where she was hosed down with lukewarm water .
walking inside , they found a small area crammed with people : the two families , a group of musicians crammed up against the kitchen , and the remainder of available space filled with german , swedish , and american tourists .
a crew of men and women were busy at work in the party area , assembling and configuring solar panels and satellite dishes .
the landing area was awash in light .
workmen brought out busted furniture and various odds and ends , and tossed them into one of three large dumpsters placed in the driveway area .
as jenny was seated for makeup , bing and meg were led on to a reserved area in the studio proper .
we do nt want to disturb the wildlife , said magog to his son , in the parking lot staging area .
flinth then went about gathering his clothes and stuff , around the house , pool , and jacuzzi area .
walked over from the pool area to check her out .
six cases of the fraud , and 2,000 p-3 patches were stacked in the cargo area of the subaru .
this restaurant is right at the mouth of parleys canyon so the sugar house area is probably the best place to search .
over the years , dirt , leaves , and everything else that washes into storm drains had built up at the bottom of the drain leaving a flat area about four feet wide .
no artwork decorated the corridor walls , and unlike the golden chandeliers in the public areas , recessed illuminants provided dim , but adequate , lighting .
with legs heavy as lead , i trudged through the sitting area and opened the door .
lydmila yanked my hair and pulled me into the sitting area .
there was no consensus on what the actual margins might be ; engineers , however , liked to joke that the maximum amount which could be safely concentrated in any one area was that sufficient to prepare a meal for the crew : hence , cooks constant .
peter escorted me through the building 's entrance , i emerged into a large open area , the floor was covered in expensive carpet , the walls were glaringly white and had many large paintings of all different styles hanging on it .
chapter five peter 's office was looked like something out of an architectural magazine , it was an expansive open area with a low stucco ceiling , an enormous desk dominated the room , it sat in front of a long wall of exterior windows .
have your teams search and evacuate key areas in the interior of the domes , starting with central tower .
anna explained to the others that artificial gravity was an extremely hard state to maintain ; she recalled from her studies that there were sensors planted throughout the vessels which identified when a member of the crew was in a certain section , area , or room .
after those things escaped and attacked us , he said , we sealed off certain portions of the base as best we could , mostly the lower areas on both sides , closest to section six and the two entrances to the black labyrinth .
they ve removed all the security from these areas .
after minutes of nothing but silence the two entered the holding area , and looked down at the clear , reinforced cube - caging , fully exposed on all sides .
within the dark etna toys plant and warehouse and among boxes of discarded toys and debris , a cot had been set up ; a lamp on a round end table stood beside it and lit up the area in a dim glow .
i get off the cot and start to run when the lamp beside me shatters , and the surrounding area plunges into darkness as pieces of the lamp ping to the concrete floor .
black cast - iron lamps lit the area , small pine trees grew along the path , and hedges lined the last twenty feet of the walkway and around the office .
avoiding the guards and staying clear of areas the un - men are in , i spot a tool shed ahead of me .
no , only the outer area known as the curtain acts this way .
in a different area from kat ... after the team leader left , kim snuck out of hiding , ran for her ppk , and grabbed it .
in an area still smoldering with light gray smoke , i notice an elevator .
file cabinets and tables were in the first room that was their office , and a desk lamp lit up a small area in the otherwise dark room .
after searching the front area , i grab kats backpack , ravlek vest , and find her empty beretta underneath one of the boxing machines .
cautious , she stepped through to the first area that was designated the blue division , and the floor was deathly quiet as kim scanned the hall .
again she faced the darkness then felt her way along the wall till she reached a lit area , and she started running again .
the area filled with the noise of the candidates and their patrons as they all walked to a connecting cavern .
the queen paced the area as her labor pains increased .
alicia 's attention was captured for a moment by the revolving gatling guns that were placed near the landing area of the city .
it was a huge area , formerly a parking lot that was set up near what had once been a large outdoor sports stadium .
alicia said jokingly to try and lighten the mood , thick tension running amok throughout the cabin area of the buggy .
each class of vessel had its own loading area , each ship its own gate .
the bridge was the largest work area on the ship , but it was so full of terminals that the only clear view was the illusion of space over the strategy table .
this was not a high security area and there were no redundant fail - safes .
they fell silent for a moment as they passed through a refugee area , and then rapidly down three sets of ladders to the lowest deck .
as soon as they moved out of the brig area , which the passengers were still avoiding even in the crisis , the corridors were jammed .
since most of the civvies had voluntarily clustered in the centre of this area , there were none near the corridor entrance to overhear them .
the triage area was as large as a normal hospital ward and he moved slowly .
what he had assumed to be a tarpaulin covered storage area was revealed to be the morgue .
mirehead had found a small ( by jethabels immense standards ) sub - chamber of the sickbay for her to stay in , one of a dozen or so connected ( as far as hazel could tell ) only to the triage area .
the hangar area is communal property and belongs to each of you equally .
as more areas of the ship are secured , of course i will be looking to assign private quarters according to requirements .
into the shielded area .
but the sensors can sweep this area and we know its the same as the warren between the hangar and ops , hundreds of rooms connected to the main vein like grapes on a vine .
* mirehead had rigged a triage area at the base of the ramp forward of the lower hangar .
chapter 22 there were no tren in the landing area .
greg had expected wider doors , signs , possibly even a specialised elevator access something to indicate the area was public .
out of earshot as they walked back to the triage area , he whispered makes me glad we never met the species that built him .
greg guided him back to the triage area .
the two made their way to a vehicle that was parked in a large , multilayer concrete area .
the others were either outside the shielded area or farther inside , and they appear to have been annihilated by secondary explosions .
the presence of leaking atmosphere meant that the blasts had struck areas of the ship which had not been evacuated and therefore would have been occupied by crew members .
he sat for a few moments in the living area of his suite , which was well - decorated and comfortable .
besides the junkies , this areas known for the pedophilesor peds as we call em .
i give mom a kiss on the forehead , then the staff leads us to the main exam area .
he points to a raised area in front of us containing a podium .
there s a living and kitchenette area that folks share with their roommates .
in a clearing around the compost area , several dozen free range chickens scratched around , pecking at the worms .
chapter 47 in the lounge which also served as the eating area , rocky and amethyst saw cragg had joined misty at a quiet side table , and it was obvious they did n't want to be disturbed .
' you 'll be filling the empty accommodation areas with other stuff , wo n't you ? '
in this small area was where the voices were coming from .
idiot , captain perry muttered as he walked with the investigator in tow toward the area marked as the boats resting place .
most of the first floor was an open reception area , with a narrow staircase on the front wall of the building leading to the next floor .
a bed and writing desk filled most of the area .
he s where he always is : the main control room at the top of the mountainthe preparation area .
the thrill , however , did nt come from his proximity to the area on the other side , known as the kill zone , or the gun turrets ready to swivel , aim , and shoot anyone who entered .
a bulky man in a beige suit and a red bow tie stepped into the bars main seating area .
reggie led him across the room and into a dark storage area full of boxes piled shoulder high .
warren eyed arielle as he walked through the back door into the storage area .
charlotte flashed ian and michael a threatening look before turning back toward the seating area .
they were impeccably clean but very spartan with a bed , a small chest of drawers , a small kitchen area and a bathroom .
` ` the question here is : how did i get in this ` ` classified area '' right here to your desk , without you knowing about it ? ''
a swift glance at the parking area revealed the newest and most expensive rides , there were a few antique gasoline only autos as well .
the doorway opened up into a long hallway that led into the main reception area .
the ` ` hat '' was a longish sort of building , half of it sat over the water , with outside eating area .
there , near the dock area , they wound find mark essex , or yurgei mallos , or whatever he was calling himself .
the hallway wound around to a large open area .
there was a roster pinned up in the eating area of who was to get off where .
the entrance led to a large area .
these were units filtered the carbon dioxide into the greenhouse areas and took out the oxygen , combined it more oxygen and other elements and released it back into the station .
` ` well , we did have an area for them to sleep , eat , drink and so forth , but when we started getting so many people in and clear out the , ah , '' ` ` undesirables ? ''
goramund stopped his thrashing slowly and with one last phantasmagoric roar , fell to the bay floor , the vibration shaking the whole area .
it was big enough for a small living area , as well as a porch entrance and a wetbar .
the customers in the eating area were glad the bum left .
inside another area of the redael was a large hangar .
the glass windows at the top housed the console area for the pilot .
inside another area of the seruc was a large hangar .
he rushed around the area in search of her .
marcus saw that on the other side of this door was what appeared to be a dining area .
he heard some footsteps coming from the dining area .
five minutes later , ssirdark and his three buddies had the fifteen thugs on the floor of their kitchen area .
they dragged the thugs across the floor to the kitchen area .
inside the rexif spaceship in a field outside bogota , columbia , the bodies of fifteen thugs were hung in the freezer in the kitchen area .
a little while later in outer space , a small hangar door opened on the redael mothership , five yriuqni spaceships zoomed out of the hangar area .
back at the rexif spaceship outside columbus , georgia , two aliens birlark and eelark removed henrys armless and legless body from the freezer in the kitchen area .
they set his body on the table in the middle of the area .
lets head to the eating area for some drinks while they re cooking our meal , sandark told the other commanders while he stood up .
the four servants carried the packages to another door that led to the kitchen area .
forty minutes later , sandark , wetlark , oodark , and fardack sat around a floating table in the commanders eating area .
another elibomrias hovered in the parking area behind galileos italian restaurant in downtown chicago .
inside galileos the meeting of eight mafia leaders , and sixteen bodyguards were interrupted when the four retnuhs entered the area .
there were twenty dead mafia family members in the trailer area of the ograc craft .
the door to the cargo area of the ograc closed .
they went through a semi - enclosed glassed area where a bright pink light moved its way across the body part .
the body parts then moved out of the glassed area purified from any diseases or cancers .
the dead bodies then moved down the conveyer belt to another enclosed glass area .
once the body entered this area , red laser beams went into action and swiftly severed off the head , arms and legs in seconds .
a device at the end of this glassed area segregated the arms , legs , body , and heads on the belt .
the body parts then moved down the conveyer belt to another area where another device quickly packaged the body parts like supermarket meats .
inside a diner in memphis , tennessee , all eyes are on the flat screen tvs that hung around the dining area .
the drones were able to open up the necessary locked door to venture into the areas that housed the jail cells .
the drones made it to the areas that housed the jail cells .
they walked through the eating area .
something smells good , michael said when he entered the kitchen area .
inside galvins cabin , he sat in his living area with a bottle of jack daniels in his lazy boy chair .
they did nt notice galvins peering eyes from the living area curtains .
he shot up from his chair and rushed out of the living area .
follow me , he said then rushed out of the living area and rushed down a hallway .
galvin rushed out of the hallway and bolted to the living area .
marvin rushed through the living area and motioned for galvin to take it easy .
it was 8:30 that night and michael , jake , and dale relaxed in the living area .
the front door opened and marcus and karen entered the area .
back in marvins cabin , marcus , karen , michael , jake , dale , and galvin sat in the living area .
he yelled out as loud as he could while he ran to the living area .
they headed into the living area .
back at marvins cabin , everybody sat around the living area and discussed their next move .
back in the living area of marvins cabin , everybody was quiet while they stared at the tv , which showed the cnn news .
this way to your work area , lance said then he headed to a table across the room .
wait , he said then rushed through the living area and headed down the hallway .
marvin and stanley smiled then headed to the living area .
jake , michael , galvin , and michael entered the living area .
inside marvins cabin , everybody sat in the living area and watched cnn for any breaking news about the aliens .
everybody else stayed behind in the living area and looked happy that their mission might not be a bust .
back in marvins cabin , everybody sat around the living area and watched the cnn replay of the protesters and supporters fighting outside omaha .
galvin rushed into the living area .
and i want an outdoor area set up with tables and chairs , he said into the phone .
inside marvins cabin , everybody sat around the living area .
we got some updated information , galvin said while he rushed into the living area with dale .
the sound of high - pitched girlish screams was heard from other areas of the mothership .
the second they got back inside the ecilop spaceship , marvin , and stanley started checking out the console area .
he heard more high - pitched girlish screams coming from other areas of the mothership .
except for one other couple , the dining area was empty .
they scanned the greeting area .
the lab area beyond was quite different from the office .
he gestured to a meeting area off to one side , where the sensesuit and grid room would still be visible .
markman followed john paul to the sensesuit test area , feeling a familiar pang of apprehension as they approached .
a white raster curtain appeared and blocked off the test area from the lab area .
a white raster curtain appeared and blocked off the test area from the lab area .
she straightened up and walked over to the suit test area , stopping a few feet away .
markman was standing in exactly the same test area he had been in , except now there were four walls not three , and he was alone .
markman spotted an ice chest of bottled water left for him just outside the suit test area .
as he drank , the raster curtain appeared , providing privacy in the suit test area .
the lab area had suddenly become heavily manned .
he unceremoniously dumped his clothing outside the test area .
back in the center of the test area , markman took down the helmet .
john paul rose from his seat and hurried to the suit area , followed closely by cassiopia .
after dressing , markman and cassiopia followed john paul through the outer office area to a door that led to a narrow , stainless steel hallway .
it was even more luxurious than the outer offices , a huge , densely decorated area with plants and trees that bore real fruit , and enough floating tables for fifty people .
when lunch was complete and all discontentments put aside , they returned to the sensesuit lab to find changes had been made to the sensesuit test area .
the simple items we have placed in the test area , will allow you to at least sit and rest if you need to .
a wide open area in the rooms center was also filled with standees , exchanging items , participating in activities of some sort , or just drinking and eating .
he went to the loading area , wondered how to call for a tube rider , and within seconds one sped into the station .
markman took a seat on a transparent bench and quickly realized he had to be sitting on one of the items placed in the sensesuit test area by john paul .
other staff people working around the area had stopped and were staring .
the doors opened to a lavish sitting area .
he looked at the area to the right of the elevator .
markman almost felt ignored as he stood in the suit test area awaiting the signal for helmet - on .
though markman knew he existed within the safety of the sensesuit test area , looking down through the glass floor of the elevator at a multistory drop into darkness still gave him the creeps .
thirty minutes later , markman stood suited in the sensesuit test area .
cassiopia was waiting in the or receiving area in a white shift , fidgeting with her new cell phone .
chapter 15 markman stood suited - up in the sensesuit test area , his helmet under one arm .
he waved markman to follow and left the test area in the direction of the commissary .
at the lab , he found john paul seated at the conference table in the sensesuit test area studying a tablet .
he opened the front door and emerged into the warmth and comfort of the living area .
if i bring the globe around out of sync , you can see the flashing red circle there in the new york area .
inside , he pressed the keys on a key code lock , and a door popped open to a large garage area .
in the garage area , the team had grouped together .
markman looked out into the nurses monitoring area , trying not to appear suspicious .
he was wheeled down to the parking area where she waited with core .
forty - five minutes later , markman stood , suited up in the sensesuit test area .
old mrs . klavdia was absorbed into a conversation with mrs . maria , her deep voice resounding over the area .
elena quickly dashed off the announcement text , returned to the shooting area and after the cameramans action !
not mentioning the high - traffic areas , such as the cafeteria or the archive room , which were literally swarming with bugs .
first housed in the transparent building the laboratories and testing areas grew so big they needed their own structure and most of the functions moved to a new building , even though sarah and sister roberta kept their headquarters in the old building out of habit .
it was now time to sit in the reception area and wait for the military gods to stir , an hour passed , a shadow appeared from out of the corridor to take on the form of commander kronstein .
a view from a hill the morning found the group lying on benches in the reception area of the guards living quarters .
the reception area started to come alive , the group begged yet another meal from their reluctant hosts , after which the chief escorted them to the terrace .
many immobilized robots cluttered the area , primitive types employed for such tasks as window washing or street cleaning .
baggage filled the entire storage area and half the back seat .
* * * after another period of grinding effort , winston approached a ruined area .
he gave the area a wide berth , more than was necessary , despite his creaking joints .
jimmy pointed to the area by the elevator .
under jimmys personal direction , a select squad knocked out the walls of winstons room , expanding his quarters into the adjacent areas .
the walls , stripped of their mildewed paper , revealed numerous patched areas .
his private suite was the sole area of the rex that the mech wolves did not invade .
they sat close together on the bench , thighs touching , and rowed a few loops around the marina area .
and this area will be expanded to make the plaza of revolutionary heroes .
the meka tossed her head , waddling out into the common area .
i next moved over to our tarp area and began to build a small rock wall surrounding it .
it had a chamber area that could comfortably hold several but not all of us .
when she had its attention , she darted into the cave opening and hid back in the chamber area .
i was the first to stand and start walking towards the fogged area .
suddenly , a tiny seating area had been established for the fester tails .
enot and gala each grabbed a hand and walked him back to leon 's cabin area .
jenny ran outside and looked for a private area where she could try out the amazing suit .
jenny looked around the control center and viewing area .
there were two comfortable looking chairs bolted to the floor , and a panel of lights on the wall of the otherwise very plain looking area .
jenny 's father and brother heard the commotion and came running from different areas of the house .
they were asked to wait in the reception area .
as we watched the flying tumblers , the aerialists flew overhead and seemed to blink out as they disappeared behind curtains or into the shadowed areas of the tent , which had dimmed so imperceptibly , i had not realised there were shadows at all , though they certainly must have gone off somewhere ; they had not simply disappeared .
i am , i ' m afraid , familiar only with the arena , lounge and backstage areas .
the small sitting room area was most accommodating to our small party .
there are several around the ship , mostly in the lounge and the arena areas where guests are about .
# while beth prepared a picnic area for the family , she spoke with her best friend , judith hadlock .
i ' m closing the park for the next several days , and i ' m going to take a look everywhere for evidence including the parking areas , the taxi , and the woods .
he passed the reception area and went through the door to the autopsy room .
a series of fenced corrals forced the moving zombies into a confining overflow area which served as a safety net .
the children were assigned to three adults in separate living areas , anything to bust up their family and realign their loyalties .
after total darkness settled in , he crawled and ran toward the camp , keeping his body in the darkest areas .
she got up and moved to a booth , located in the sectioned off area and away from the crowd .
kevin started to back up out of the bar area till he found a chair at the nearest table and looked up at the dark man .
1/12/50 facility yy - ii at los alamos national laboratories cia director roscoe hillenkoetter is escorting general hoyt vandenberg though the facility and tells him , ebe-2 was treated for minor injuries sustained during the recent crash of its craft , but it is in good health in another area of the complex .
the ceiling is about 100 feet high in this area of the ship .
ok , we moved to another room or area .
our time instruments are located in our backpacks which are stored in another area of this room .
behind them is an underground room , or storage area .
we walked down into this area .
commander ) to gather everyone in the lower storage area .
we decided to send 899 ( security ) to our storage area and get some explosives to open the container .
we finished our meals and separated to our living area .
we issued our weapons and stood by to guard our living area .
they park in the vip parking area , evens gets out of the car and walks toward the main building .
8/30/66 at the national security agency facility stan edwards has just entered the building and has been directed to the reception area .
finally , you will be weighed in the nude and issued uniforms and an identification badge that will enable you to gain access into the areas of the facility which you have been authorized to go into .
someone , from the department where you will be working , will then show you around to your work areas and introduce you to your fellow workers .
in the dining area , he meets one of the civilian scientists there , by the name of gary henderson .
also on level 7 are the production areas for humanoids and vats containing animal and humanoid body parts .
fifteen minutes later , the central elevator area is filled with the people who have gathered to escape together .
in august of 1980 , disks intruded into the manzano weapons storage area in new mexico .
unlike the noisy industrious feel and fishy smells of the dockside where the fishing vessels moored , this area was quiet and much more relaxed , smelling of the linseed oil used to waterproof the wooden hulls of the ships .
i walked down the main street leading from the dock area and as i progressed i became aware of raised voices .
then i saw not far below an open area between buildings , around the outside of this area several low circular buildings were erected , similar to the one we had left behind in amentura .
tnie looked a little sheepish at this but suddenly brightened up and said , i thought it best to land here so that i could answer any questions you may have about city before you went on into the main central area .
at first the defence of the city was quite successful and the enemy was halted , but much of the outlying areas of the city as you saw were badly damaged in the fearsome battle .
to cut a long story short , it was decided to destroy a vast area of the city , the area where the chasm now lies , in the hope that the enemy would also be destroyed in the resulting devastation .
eventually we were shown to a small sunken area accessed via three broad steps through an opening in the surrounding low glass and metal enclosure .
in the centre of this area were several low tables surrounded by soft sumptuous chairs , we were invited to sit .
at this i turned as did all the party and there standing on the top step leading to our little area stood a gnome in magnificent garb , wielding some kind of odd looking device across his folded arms , by his side a gnome guard in bright red livery .
sure enough soon after i had gotten dressed and readied myself for whatever the day would bring i heard a bell ring not unpleasantly and turning towards the sound became aware that a small area of the doorway was slightly translucent from this side , i had not noticed this before , but now i could see don trynacs standing outside with jon and nw .
we walked across the entrance area of the building into a glass tunnel that led off one side .
we were told to sit in a seating area , and don trynacs after nodding to his guards left our group and walked through a doorway which closed behind him .
as soon as he was gone the fellowship seemed to breathe a collective sigh of relief , and tnie took on a wholly different composure , he beckoned to us all to sit in one of the communal seating areas which we did .
we entered the netli organisation building and immediately found ourselves in a surprisingly small reception area , my eye was caught by another of those silver metallic trees that was positioned in the centre of the room , alongside was a silver dish shaped object that contained water and a small spout like device that spouted water into the dish .
after this tale had been related to us , the king nodded to master trenly who led us out of the reception area and we were shown down a long corridor and ushered into a room in which many gnomes feverishly worked undertaking activities that were way beyond my imagination .
on each of the desks was a raised area with many small buttons inset into it .
he led us to an open office area an annex of which led another room that contained soft chairs and a machine that we found made various drinks and beverages .
then locking the door of the room from the outside this time he then accompanied us back to the reception area at the entrance to the building .
here there was a circular lookout area surrounded by a safety railing , i liked coming up here as did the rest of the party , for it afforded some relief from the heat and oily smell of the interior of the machine .
as we all walked through the door we saw that in front of us was an open area where an officious looking gnome sat behind a desk .
we turned away from the dock area and started up a street between a row of hovels thinking that we may as well try and find an inn that took travellers in , there must be somewhere as this was a regularly used entry point for the gnome continent .
once aboard we were quickly ushered into the cabin area at the rear of the vessel , two small slatted doors were opened and a sliding cover slid back , we found ourselves descending into the interior of the vessel down a very steep set of wooden steps .
other areas of the building housed benches and many dwarves were hard at work doing what looked like repairs to the applecarts , others were fabricating things .
once inside we were escorted along great halls and through state rooms until we were bid with a bow to wait in a seating area outside of a pair of great wooden doors ornately carved with scenes of what could only be dwarven history , of which i knew very little .
i was beginning to wonder what i was letting myself in for when a dwarf still fully dressed in armour came up to my dwarf companions and me and requested that i followed him , my dwarf companions complained and growled at him , but he was most insistent and eventually i was led off towards a cordoned off area of the clearing where i could see serinae with nw and the rest of our friends in the company of several dwarven officers including the two garrison commanders .
after a minute or two i again heard the rumble of the great blocks and the clanking of the chains as the doors to the palace area were opened .
serinae grabbed my hand and led me to a screen which once slid aside revealed a kitchen area with a table and chairs , a basin and a wood burning oven which someone had thoughtfully already built a fire inside so that pleasant warmth emanated from it .
just then the humming of the machine changed pitch and looking up we saw a circular glow form above a flat raised area to the left of where retta had been at work .
the gulf coast came into view , framed by the concrete expanse that was the greater houston area .
after they exited the shuttle at unsa station , a large elevator took everyone up into the asteroid and let them off at a debarking area which opened onto a massive promenade tunnelled through the rock .
the people were guided along a catwalk before passing through another airlock into a mechanical area where the carbon was extracted , heated , extruded into continuous monofilament strands , and then braided into the final cable at a rate of just over four kilometres an hour .
once the tour completed , they exited the facility and took the tram back out to the living areas of the station where unsa staffers led them toward a set of doors underneath a sign proudly proclaiming the entrance to the earth view terrace .
joan held up her hands , taking in the common area of the unss bahai .
i think a small area on the bio - deck where it is quiet would suffice for the chapel .
um , well i guess i could set up a three - to - a - room rotation schedule for the rest of us , but the bio - deck area is public use and it would nt be proper to grant any crew member privileges over another cough stopped sally as the fathers smile grew slightly broader .
after all , with focusing rings so crucial to the operation of the gravity drive , kaylor never understood why the designers had set them in the most difficult areas of the ship to reachand this ring was for the main generator .
the command center was situated in the central dome area he d seen from outside .
* * * * * * * * jym and kaylor were in the common area of the ship ; kaylor resting on a couch , his injured arm resting on his chest , and in the other he held a stick , with its burning end quickly filling the room with a pungent cloud of dense , white smoke .
feeling the surface of the door , he found the recessed area again and the door slid open , light flooding in , temporarily blinding him .
chapter 6 a few minutes later , adam had regained his composure to a point and was seated at a table in the center of the common room , an area that resembled a combination dining hall and lounge .
as they got closer , the ship slid over toward a large open area dotted with various craft of different shapes and sizes .
they were in a large foyer area , with a flight of stairs leading up and a long , deserted hallway leading away from the desk .
the man riyad tarazi led the small party up the corresponding ladders and to the lounge area of the ship , during which time adam had a chance to get a good look at him .
there was a living area off to the left , complete with a bed and working desk , partitioned off with half walls from the rest of the room .
stumbling through a fallen metal shelving unit , adam found himself in the homes kitchen area , and as he ran between rows of preparation tables , he continued to try and shake the stuck alien off his arm .
soon he was out of the kitchen and blasting his way across a large dining area .
episode 6 just what is going on , lexel asked herself as she paced around the somewhat disheveled room that served as the living area for the apartment .
he looked near the cooking area and the po barrels , hoping his sister had stopped to eat or drink , before joining them .
after arriving at the hs office in charlotte , n.c . john took todd to an office area , with several big screen plasma tvs hooked up to computers .
after break everyone was back at their designated area in the room and they continued with decoding the mosaic .
jon-29 looked at the area at the back of the war - beast ; there he saw a twin barreled attack weapon and a very small control seat , if i can not be in control of transport or weapons what is my designation ?
police car after police car streamed into the car - parking area of one of the warehouses in the warehouse district .
` ` follow me , '' the officer instructed and tabitha and jake fell in behind him as he left the entrance area down into the corridors of the building .
jacob raced down corridor after corridor , before finally , crashing through the door that was opening far too slowly for his liking , he emerged into one of the less used areas of his ship .
` ` no idea , maybe there will be mo- '' jacob fell silent as gun - fire was again heard , it was coming from the corridor on the left , the one that lead , if her recalled correctly , to the large troop dining area , not the even larger , public one .
the entrance led onto the top floor of humurom , a large circular walkway overlooking the six floors below and the dining area on the bottom .
i decided that i would ask milton about it later , and continued to the bottom , level 7 , the dining area .
instead of going straight down to the dining area i went to 5 to the library .
it must have come from the dining area .
the dining area was already packed .
the dining area was almost vacant when i got there .
i took a long loop around the area , not wanting to see what i had seen before .
i looked down and saw the floors below , ending with the dining area which was full of nutrition eating breakfast goers .
stud insisted that i make a statement in the dining area .
when we got to the bottom matilik led me to the cleared table in the center of the dining area .
i pointed down towards the dining area .
the chatter and footfalls from the dining area helped to muffle our steps .
um yes well , when i went back before you fell asleep it was still just an empty area , and the rear door would nt open .
there s also a small toilet and shower area .
and in the main area there s this device that well it seems to create food and drink somehow .
controls in the lower area of the machine offered choices and a large door stood above .
the back section , the area you could nt get into .
now you should have access to all areas of the ship .
they made their way back into the main living area , just as a gentle clang announced they had docked .
not wanting to hear any more from her he used the ships fields to push them all into an area near the airlock , well away from the weapons , and made the field soundproof .
he was nt happy with the main living area either .
the answer seemed to be that within most areas of the ship the structure could be formed into whatever arrangement he wanted .
there were no doors which solved two problems in one go firstly shutting the prisoners off from the main living area , secondly greatly increasing security by creating a physical barrier they could nt pass .
he expected to have to cut down on the living area to make more rooms but was surprised to see the space he had to work with was much larger than he d expected .
he settled on adding an additional floor accessed from the living area by a small spiral staircase .
he created four bedrooms , larger than the existing ones , each with a small shower area , toilet and basin .
the internal changes to the prisoners area only took a few minutes .
he quickly approved the request , then headed back to the living area to meet her .
she gestured towards the prisoners area , seeming to notice the changes for the first time .
jess pulsed a command to the ship , causing a screen to appear on the wall showing the captives new holding area complete with shields and wall .
with a sigh he walked back to the living area where ali and sal waited with the two children .
he was in the living area of the wanderer , suspended in mid air by a force field .
still secured to the floor of the living area jess grinned fiercely as he directed the ship towards glory falls and started transforming it using the newly gathered materials .
chapter fifteen after the initial relief of being back together the three of them headed to the living area .
once they reached the living area the questions started .
he d brought the ship out in a processing area .
massive automated machines processed the raw ores from the mining operation , refining them and moving them into immense storage areas .
then he flew over the precious metals storage area , once again skipping within the forcefield .
running through the alerts he identified priority areas for repair , shifted shields to reinforce the worst damaged areas .
running through the alerts he identified priority areas for repair , shifted shields to reinforce the worst damaged areas .
near the end of the first day jess walked into the living area to find ali sitting alone staring at a screen .
best of all the company had its own docking area .
due to its size they d had to open both airlocks , spare space would be at a premium in the living area until they got the robots working and ejected the trailer .
the other two robots were within the living area .
he threw fields up to contain those in the living area , then turned his attention to the two robots trapped in the same section as sal and he .
with a sinking feeling he realised the queen elizabeth was rolling to bring more weapons to bear , and in doing so moving the weak area of shields away .
* * * * * two days later the four of them gathered in the living area .
the remainder was turned over to areas to house up to a couple of thousand people comfortably , or up to around five thousand in only minor discomfort .
this included the cabin space , toilets , food dispensers , life support , medical areas and access corridors tying them all together .
he asked as he reached the living area again .
armour and medical supplies went to one area , weapons to a different area one that was self - contained and not accessible from anywhere else .
armour and medical supplies went to one area , weapons to a different area one that was self - contained and not accessible from anywhere else .
alerted by the ship jess unlocked the door and monitored teeko as the alien returned to the living area .
desperately hoping he had it right he collapsed his shields to a small area only a hands width across so it could withstand another shot , forming it into a cup shape with the open top pointed towards the weapon .
soon the first few were docking , using the docking bays in the lower section of the wanderer the area sealed off from the flight deck and crew living areas .
soon the first few were docking , using the docking bays in the lower section of the wanderer the area sealed off from the flight deck and crew living areas .
in the lounge area behind him a tearful reunion between ali and her friends was taking place .
with the living area overrun with children it was the only place to hold a conference .
directly beside the platform for the trilateral commission on hearings of importance is an area sanctioned off for those who wish to protest and boycott everything contained within the treaty of manderbatt .
after a trip through the ingeniously designed cleansing station , i was instructed and bullied through the clean area towards the epicenter dome , a half submerged bubble containing slightly less filthy air and little else .
everyone in the seating area quieted down as an important - looking grimbat approached a podium .
no one onstage could be seen by most of the audience ( considering the amount of seats in the seating area ranked in the millions ) so their images were displayed on a backdrop screen roughly the size of 23 combined imax screens .
i caught sight of the area where the pitch used to be , deep down in the bowl inside the city .
they d taken doodle down to the storage area under the market .
we slipped through some storage bays full of crates until we reached a large loading area at the end that had been listed for demolition .
below them were storage areas and the engines .
the other floors were made up of dining halls , recreation areas and executive cabins .
the lift doors opened and we braced ourselves , but all we found was a normal lobby area with four doors leading fore and aft on the port and starboard sides .
the amount of booze piled up in the three different bar areas we d set up would have made the ministry of welfare issue a flurry of health warnings .
the sun was higher in the sky now , and as she followed rick silently back to the railed area where they had stood before , she was on tenterhooks in case she had another of those hot flushes and dizzy spells .
so she would scour those areas first , and then the corridors and other rooms in the building , and finally she would seek out any demons in the people themselves .
quite a few people were gathering in that area , waiting for the angels to arrive , and they watched her curiously as she walked up to the door .
a beam of bright light , as if from a spotlight , suddenly shone out of nowhere , illuminating the central area of the forecourt , and there was a brief impression of dancing flames .
inside there was a large over furnished living area .
as specified by her work schedule , sarah was working in that area , checking that everything was in order .
i think this is just the reception area .
with the inner door open , he was able to step into the large open area he had seen in previous recordings .
chapter 33 number five : mk ii walked through the decimated banded areas of the habitat , unconcerned at the ruin before him .
each hump appeared to be an entrance to an underground area .
maxs muscles were brought into play to bring the rest of them up to the comfort area .
the comfort area was a wide flat place where several branches seemed to have been fused together .
no - one seemed to be paying him much attention , so he walked to the edge of the comfort area , and stepped off .
during the time it took to reach the comfort area , they discussed the issue of the tree and came up with an extravagant solution to the problem .
when they arrived at the comfort area they were surrounded by the tree dwellers and their companions .
there was a low wooden stool , a sleeping area and a bag of something a horse might nibble on , but no refreshments .
he turned , studying the deck area .
past this point was a restricted area , reserved for government and military officials with top level security clearance .
the main port was the largest area in the space station -- the edge of our floating artificial society -- the beginning of travel down to earth .
down on the ground level with us , portal security officers dutifully obeyed , keeping the people entering our shuttle in the proper area .
away from this hub of activity , separating the mass of travelers from the more secure areas was a plexiglass fence .
in this more secure area , towards one side of the dome , a military hovercraft stood in waiting .
around the base area were massive stairwells leading towards different parts of the underground tunnel system .
the larger area on the secure side of the plexiglass fence had only military personnel .
there are special areas reserved for training for your mission , and they wonder what all the attention is about .
* * the training facility was a vast circular area .
like all the living and working areas of the earth station it was beneath ground level ; the ground above a natural defence against the ever - present terrorist threat .
the task of carving these vast areas out of a mountainside was definitely an impressive achievement , despite knowing the architects of the project .
a large area was filled with physical training equipment built around a sort of obstacle course .
my father said from the control panel area , let me show you around .
over here is the theoretical training area .
that large area over there is the physical training area where we 'll spend our afternoons ; and of course , where you 're all staring is the vehicle you will be using during your mission . ''
that large area over there is the physical training area where we 'll spend our afternoons ; and of course , where you 're all staring is the vehicle you will be using during your mission . ''
he patted the covert and waved us over to the theoretical training area .
stoneman looked at me as we walked towards the theoretical training area .
there were large library shelves used as dividers to separate areas of the main floor .
the customers who had occupied this space were all trying to retreat to the merchant areas behind their stands .
i remember one area where the rubble was piled stories high ; hills of cement with people congregating on top , able to survey the city .
it was away from the main military areas ; a door without guardsyou 'd miss it if you did n't know it was here .
` ` presidential suite , '' the automated voice announced , ` ` restricted area -- top level security personnel only . ''
we were at street level , the same area we were partying before we had left on our earth mission .
it was the dish washing area .
when the elevator stopped , the automated voice said : ` ` secondary project cleanse laboratory -- restricted area -- second level security required . ''
i pulled my body into the launch area but the doors closed again , this time on my ankle .
there were video screens all around the sides of the room , monitoring different areas .
it consisted of an open living room and kitchen area ; and a staircase on the side leading up to two humble bedrooms .
i crossed the living room area to peer into the bedroom .
the tunnel ran straight through but there was a small opening on the side , leading to another area .
when we arrived , i was swept through the colony 's customs area without so much as a look at my credentials .
with the paperwork signed and a credit deposit made , we turned towards the market area and specifically restaurant row .
i used to love the area around the budokan and chidorigafuchi , but now it made me nervous .
i made my way through the gyoza area of the theme park , which was built to look like showa era food cart - lined streets of pre - world war ii tokyo .
i finally arrived in the haunted house area of the theme park , mononoke bangai .
i made my way back to the area of the zoo with a sign that said bear hill and the dark enclosures that held either dead bears or nothing at all .
i was uneasy walking past tokyo tower , but saw no bodies in the lobby or around the tower area at all .
i found myself standing near a small , two - story building in an area i did nt recognize , having wandered there with my head stuck in the mists of combat on the fringes .
from there she peeked into the living area and saw her father arguing with her uncle hadius .
sneaking along the empty containers , the girls continued to move until they found a dark and secluded area under some scaffolding .
all of these areas were equally decorated and furnished in a rich though utilitarian fashion .
i bet they were nt fooled , laughed pierce as liam and sean emerged from the lower training area , bags in hand .
she dejectedly led the way out of the storage room , retracing her steps towards the stairwell that led to the servants area of the lodge .
after a few minutes they could see him approaching the truck , checking the cab first then the cargo area .
its completely empty back here , macduff confirmed as he emerged from the cargo area .
i just spoke to lord lodge and he knows the situation , tiberius briefed the men as they travelled down the hall towards a staircase that would take them to the servants area below .
the lobby was decorated with the same colours as the footman and acted as an assembly area for those removing outerwear and others waiting to make their entrance to the ballroom beyond .
without waiting for a response he took janes hand and led her to an unoccupied salon chair in the middle of the waiting area .
staircases at either end wound up to the second floor dining area opposite the large windows of the ballroom .
instead of focusing on where he might have gone to search for further gear she decided it wiser to direct her attention to areas of the armory that were isolated or out of sight .
apparently it leads to a hidden area he uses for his own personally preferred patrons .
it seems that they re trying to do and end run around the russian defenses , both flanks , headed towards the food storage areas .
i put one heavy , numb - feeling foot in front of the other and walk around an area that a fortnight ago i never dreamed of being in .
somehow the electric system installed in my fathers work area still functions .
i take out one of the illuminum devices my father invented and light fills the area , showing us the hallway were stood in .
it is still dark , making it difficult to see , but there s an area of light at the far side of the basement .
we descend on a gentle slope for five minutesmaybe more or maybe lessbefore the car glides into a long , narrow area , lit above by tubes of illumination .
on the wall the farthest away from the door was an archway that led to the lounge area with a few grey couches .
cameron was in an enclosed area with a bunch of arrogant first - class aliens .
he was right about this area being where new weapons were tested .
if you had not figured it out yet ; all of tamaraxs most torturous places tended to be in the same area and they were all in the floors below her office .
when i did target practice my father had always sat in the lounge area playing on his tablet and sipping an iced tea while geraldine and i had a riot .
the first two floors were for the asylum seekers with the registration offices , temporary beds and the medical area .
apart from the engines , there was a cockpit with two seats ( although it was rare for both to be occupied the company only sent out two technicians if one was a rookie , or there was an absolute necessity for the job to be two - handed ) , a small galley , a bunk room with two bunks and a small amount of storage for clothes and personal items , a compact washroom , complete with shower , washbasin and toilet , a work space , including a work bench , and a large storage area , complete with the most commonly needed spares .
once they had entered it , it took only a few minutes to realise that he was nt on board , even having searched through the work and storage areas at the rear of the ship .
whilst some parts of the room were tidy , there were areas where there were circuit boards and cables hanging from the equipment racks , rather than being tucked neatly away or clipped to the frames .
mel realised that , whilst he had all the equipment he thought he needed , the speed with which jj had to get away meant that there was no logic to the way in which the stuff in the lobby was arranged , so decided that the first job was to get the various circuit boards and boxes into the area where they would be needed .
as the sergeant will soon discover , there s what looks like a large stockpile of weapons in the rear hangar area .
about two minutes after sarah left him , billy opened a door and discovered a food storage area , with food boxes piled high near one corner that he felt they could hide behind .
the cell was about four metres square , with a toilet in a slightly closed - off area in one corner .
my unit is waiting to assist just outside the airlock to the admin area you re in .
now he was outside the naval docks , the lobby was a public area and the colour scheme , the wall and floor coverings and even the lighting design were different to what he was used to .
if will thought that there were lots of differences between the two dock areas , what he saw when he cleared the doors of the docks area surprised him even more .
will was surprised how many people there were in what would have been a quiet area on shackleton .
i am also working with com1 to see if we can use other areas of the ship , such as space in the shuttle bay , to set up another hydroponicum to give us extra food and ease our sufferings .
moses went to com1s terminal in the common area .
the room was self - contained ; it had a bedroom and sitting area , with a separate bathroom and kitchen .
confused , fintan followed the man , who led him through the maze of passengers and tourists , through the business lounge areas to a nondescript office with a woman sitting behind a desk .
the door led to a large open area , which was clearly another terminal , much smaller than the main one , but looking unlike a typical airport terminal .
* * * the building was set up to be a simple staging area or waiting room .
zack spotted a buffet area , and went to get them some drinks .
quickly the area became a cacophony of noise as the students cheered for the display that they d just seen , and the secret world that they knew they would be a part of .
the barracks were designed with a large central dorm containing a common area for eating and general gatherings .
two smaller domes , one for the boys and one for the girls were connected to this , and the sleeping areas were small two - person rooms connected to these .
go down to the common area and meet her new roommate before rack time .
they went down to the common area , which was already a bustle of activity .
nizhoni gestured towards another area .
then a small cubic area was projected above fintans bed .
they continued through it towards the dining area .
we figure that there had to be a staging area somewhere to remove debris and dirt , and this must be it .
they scurried out of the dorms to the common area .
he and the rest of the reserves had a special holding area off to the side of the cube in which the game was played .
i think he went to the docking area to look for ayako , she said .
they ran through the domes to the landing area .
he navigated through the main loading area and up another floor to the mess hall where soldiers , engineers , doctors , and hundreds of other citizens were eating .
cameras caught a wisp of vapor coming from your aft thruster area and the loadmaster wanted it checked out .
closing the adhesive fasteners , he opened the privacy curtain and headed back to the berthing area .
he arrived to find armed security people blocking all access to the areas around the control room .
with the responsibility over the ships completion largely in the hands of his second - in - command , the commander oversaw the conversion of some of the space stations areas to transient quarters and training facilities .
contractors responsible for the habitability aspects of the residential areas were painting and outfitting each residence per the desires of the eventual occupants .
some of the contractors had tried to hide in seldom - accessed areas but they were eventually discovered and escorted off the ship .
many of these were packed away in secured areas , while others were sequestered in secure glass - and - steel displays for the enjoyment of the passengers and crew .
it was when she headed towards the entrance to the area reserved for colonists that the young man flushed and turned away .
numbly , she took the glass and then moved to a relatively un - crowded area behind the stairway .
he added action to words , bid her good night and headed up to the crew area .
you will find the galley spin - ward about 60 degrees and a rest area even further around .
the kitchen had a skylight and the living room had a small porch the extended into an open area between levels that doubled as an air - shaft .
the kitchen utensils and baking supplies area was better - stocked and she indulged in an electric teapot along with her basic needs .
when she reached the dry - goods area , she did find a few teas and even some freeze - dried coffee !
she once headed to the area directly over the ship so she could see the entire thing at once .
she later learned that it was feared that primates might escape and cause problems should they manage to hide in critical areas of the ship .
chaytan directs marissa into a market area then turning to the right where a delicious aroma permeates the air .
the area is crowded with trader guard pairs strolling through the area with many nibbling on a pastry or drinking from a flask as they intermix and talk in small groups .
the traders follow chaytan to the metals trading area where jake and katree select a booth near the entrance .
her head hits the floor ; she blacks out missing the transports rise and mike , the pilot , burning the area where chaytan stands .
enapay escorts her to the center of a market area where three kirch are waiting .
marissa checks the math and realizes she will be a spectacle in the market area for days .
the cars are equipped with sleeping and dining areas with a marquee to alert the passengers to the next stop .
smiling at captain cid jameson of the orion , dr . ximber settles in a luminous living area on a sofa as he greets his old friend , cid , i am astonished that you are on a mere intersystem ship .
the area around the escalators was rather big , and we could easily peer beneath us at the situation on the second floor .
it all looked exactly as he remembered it , bright , white walls , overhead crane , granite lab benches , partitioned areas , the sound of the fans pressurizing the lab and too much bright white light .
as he passed through the lunch area , he noticed vinny sitting at a lunch table .
then areas will be partitioned to accommodate the emulation and communication data resource and storage .
it was nt as if the area was blown apart with pieces of hardware lying around .
the ticket numbers were announced but only two passengers exited the immediate area .
as her eyes panned the waiting area , their eyes met and martin knew that he had in fact , missed the call .
martin made his way to the docking port , an observation area in the upper level , right behind the flight controllers cockpit .
together they walked toward the baggage area .
his mark sat near the wall toward the back of the dinning area .
the mound area on the right is the excavation where they entered the tunnel .
the large cavity at the top of the shaft is the area where the seven hundred foot section of accelerator vanished .
after preparing a sleeping area and inflating a sleeping pad , martin climbed a nearby pinnacle to observe the evening ceremonies .
` ` provided the cabal follows the traditional layout , the area for holding prisoners - and torture - will be here , '' she pointed to a lower level of the pyramid .
joe jogged over to the triage area and grabbed one of the troopers , hoisting him to his feet .
it was actually more like a cavern ; a hollowed out mountainous interior with metal flooring and doors here and there going to different supply areas .
as he reached the loading area , the lights turned on , warning that the elevator was heading back down .
he clamoured out of the front seat into the back passenger area .
you know joe , i may be blind as ray charles ... '' said danny as he they walked inside the plane 's cargo area , ` ` ... but then i put on that suit ... and things seem to work out in the end . ''
there was a large cargo transfer area with folding seats attached to the walls , and a pulley system built into the floor .
a wall separated the cargo area with a large interior computer monitoring station .
in the time i was held at the fortress , i was never given adequate access to the location of the mainframe area , but was able to discern a rather disconcerting fact ... '' he raised the disc so all in the briefing room could see it , ` ` ... that this device is part of binary code , useless on its own but combined with the other half , it is more important to olympus than any known weapon in their arsenal . ''
in the technician area of the plane , doctor yune had taken his place at his work area .
in the technician area of the plane , doctor yune had taken his place at his work area .
the old soldier had decided he did n't like the stuffiness of the computer area and wanted a place to smoke a cigarette .
when zack entered his apartment he found his patron sitting in the living area , enjoying a drink and watching a program recapping the top news from inside the game .
the command offices were located on the top floors of the building , with each player sponsored by virtdyne having their own dedicated area .
interior walls separated the floor into five key areas ; four large corner offices and a centre squared main office .
the centre of the command office was a glass walled area filled with large screens , each displaying different feeds from both around the world and inside the game .
along the sides are benches for the parents to sit and in the middle is a big open area with the kind of thick blue mats that you see in a karate dojo .
he quickly scanned the apartment , taking note of the living area and the larger work area .
he quickly scanned the apartment , taking note of the living area and the larger work area .
we go downstairs to the main conference area and head backstage about an hour before the talk is scheduled to start .
heck , the curb crawlers and beat walkers all managed to find secluded areas for illegal sex , how hard would it be to find somewhere to test his powers , if they existed in the first place .
she moved from the escalator shaft on the second floor and surveyed the area as she went .
he sat in the upper area on one of the benches ; ham and cheese sandwich in a neat plastic triangular container in hand .
a corridor with elevators and a t - junction on either end heading toward offices and company leased areas .
lifting himself up through the hole , his arms slightly unsteady underneath him , he hopped down into the dark area beyond .
there was a lounge area and a small kitchenette .
sure enough , several other people in black were carrying large lighting and soundboards , copious amounts of cables and computer equipment such as monitors toward the area she had indicated .
once he had strayed from the actual back stage area into the change rooms , he knew he was out of his depth .
he found himself in the recreation area , and lighting a cigarette he walked up to the bar .
* * * the energy field had now been extended so safe access to all areas of the castle was possible .
* * * jefferson plank strode down the steps and out into the town square , a large paved area with several ornamental fountains surrounding it .
* the smell of blood mingled with the salty aroma of bacon , filling the small bar area , hanging in the air like a harsh rebuke .
michael stepped into the bar area , scanning the room .
michael cried , turning and sprinting toward the parking area .
she continually cast glances around the small office area , as though expecting something to leap out at her .
the few times that she and harry came to see gabriel , they never went beyond the living room area .
there was a balcony surrounding the central open area creating a second floor filed with what looked like shops and seating areas .
there was a balcony surrounding the central open area creating a second floor filed with what looked like shops and seating areas .
once into the arrivals , and departures area he stood at the base of a large v. the arrival /departure areas were very long , and looking at the map henry judged them to be about 300 feet or so , roughly the length of a football field .
once into the arrivals , and departures area he stood at the base of a large v. the arrival /departure areas were very long , and looking at the map henry judged them to be about 300 feet or so , roughly the length of a football field .
there was a seating area for those people who had checked in with the agent at the podium , and were waiting to depart .
not all of the seating areas had people in them , he realized that either these gates were not being used , or were waiting for arriving clients .
henry approached an empty seating area , he could see on the sign above the gate that he had reached the gate designated by his tablet .
those exceptions aside it could be the same departure area that he was standing in .
there was a group of travelers waiting in a seating area , but she walked over to the agent standing at the podium .
they walked to an open seating area near a railing looking out onto the main hall below .
there was a central path that stretched out before him dividing two departure areas each with their own check in podium and gate .
these waiting areas were empty , and there was no one working to check in clients .
she led henry up the path dividing the waiting area .
past the waiting area , the arched glass ceiling ended in a hallway .
i feel like everyone that walks by is looking at us , she said gesturing to an empty departure area .
they walked over to a seating area , and sat down on two chairs near the end of an empty row .
iii henrys body was absolutely exhausted , and henry was relieved at first when sir , led them to an area with two desks set in front of a computer screen the size of a chalkboard .
sir walk slowly to the area they had used for yoga , he took a seat on the floor in a legs crossed meditative pose .
the gate they entered from every day was at the end of a series of gates that ran the length of the wall in descending order , sir led them to another area of the training room they had glimpsed , but not yet used directly across the room from those gates .
also when you get to my office , have henry and amica wait downstairs in waiting area until i come for them , is that clear ?
the home was a small affair with one bedroom , kitchen , bathroom , and a living area with a small table for meals , and a comfortable seating area that he was now in .
the home was a small affair with one bedroom , kitchen , bathroom , and a living area with a small table for meals , and a comfortable seating area that he was now in .
well nathan may send them , he is a war mongering fool no more fit to rule this planet then the angriff , but he will want to be in charge of the resistance , amica said walking into the sitting area .
this is the white eagle saloon , one of dads properties , she says , cutting through an overgrown tangle of trees and vines to an outdoor seating area beside the long , narrow brick building .
the area is wet and cluttered with old drink coasters , scrap lumber , and a single pabst blue ribbon can .
i hear footsteps sprint away from the back patio area .
i go to the back porch area .
at the center of the room or area , there s a downwards spiral staircase that leads to who knows what .
as she walked into the sitting area , kyla gasped .
she walked back into the sitting area and dropped to a stool by the fireplace .
she pointed at the wingback leather chairs in the sitting area next to the conference alcove .
the thickly carpeted area around the sofa was littered with white fluff , the innards of the highly stuffed furniture .
the avalon moved toward the back wall , drawn by a second door that appeared as his flashlight passed over the darkened area .
even short iana picked crudely at the crotch of her own suit , trying to pull it away as it crept uninvited into areas she preferred it not to visit .
no concrete had been poured for walkways through that area , leaving the grass unscathed save for where the seques trampled a muddy ring around the building the previous night .
this is the smoking area , said traiven .
there were grey statues of various angels posted around the area .
there were statues of archangels that stood around the altar , and statues of other angels scattered around the entire area .
once they were on the shuttle , they walked through until they had reached a large area that was secured with a tables and chairs .
on the other side of the area , shawn and the demon continued fighting .
ill have the crew set up a work area for you in the hangar immediately .
surprise that no clients were present in the normally bustling reception area .
she pointed a sitting area on the patio with to two wicker lounge chairs and a table .
six circles marked the areas where jimmy 's cameras were located .
jimmy could only wonder what lay in the back room and supply areas , but there was enough guns and ammo here to outfit a small army .
they paused a moment , and then each group headed to one of the three training areas .
she spun around and marched towards her training area , thoroughly looking forward to fighting betty .
jimmy , sheen , and the rest of his platoon left cindy 's training area and quickly walked towards the third and final portion of their training , capture the flag .
jimmy was silent as they came up to the third training area .
for the next half hour he continually tried , and failed , to climb up different areas of the cliff 's face .
just as he was about to give up and walk along the cliff 's face until he could find a way to walk up , he finally spotted an area of the wall filled with footholds .
hundreds of buttons , dozens of monitors , and three seats were all that was in the small area .
computers and machinery were strewn across the area .
we 're in some sort of ceremonial chamber or goobot 's living area .
let 's check the other areas of the ship . ''
you see him currently being an ass out past the pool area downstairs .
coming over the small wooden bridge shaded by the oak trees that lead into your apartments courtyard area is a thin , older man , maybe in his early sixties , in a three - piece old style suit as gray as his face and his hair .
this lobby area is as big as a soccer field and has within its stone walls three all - american shops : a mcdonalds , a subway ( which makes your skin crawl a little ) , and a starbucks .
a large marketplace area , closed off and behind steel bars , seems to be your local grocery store .
hanging on one wall of this lobby area you see an incredible paintingits of a wizard , you think , perhaps a representation of the witch - lord himself .
you find yourself lowered , not brought up a floor ; you are in some dingy basement - like area .
there s an observation area on the roof .
you see a tall , blonde - haired , blue - eyed man , an aryan superman , walk over and open the glass doors of the lobby area .
green grass - covered hills covered by the night are just a moments walk from the porch area of the benbow .
the front bar area of the benbow is decorated at one end with the giant skull of what you find out is a baleen dragon ( quite harmless if a bit large in real life , treena explains later ) , and hundreds of framed photos from around the world fill every nook and cranny of the place .
a plaque that states : illegal to have alcohol without a personal liquor licensewitch - lord law hangs above the bar area .
an apron wearing ni - perchta male with one side of his face heavily scarred watches you from down a hall that leads to a true , old school viking dining hall area .
an open fire pit area covered in hot coals is in there , with large bits of meat being grilled under a partially - opened roof .
winniefreddie and treena say goodnight to the ni - perchta male , who goes into a back room area that is marked private .
with the other end of his staff , he hit the blade was falling in mid - air and knocked it out of the arenas playing area .
the two were led out of the holding cell area and into a larger chamber .
the smell was not quite as bad in the open areas as it had been in the holding cell .
the shuttle passed by the massive control platform that was used as the main staging area for incoming and outgoing flights to ackturra .
jhahnahkan looked at his brother with a puzzled look as another person entered the area back in the shadows .
a very long obstacle course was set up by sweating slaves , a horse jumping and display area cleared by chivvied , tired slaves and areas for archery and other trial sites organised .
sarssen accompanied bethel to the assembly area where each young man was attended by a male relative .
through a haze of pain and cold , soji thought she could see they 'd reached some sort of temporary settlement where there were literally dozens of hide tents that stretched around and out from a huge central area .
she saw hobby areas , too , and was stopped at what she guessed were guest quarters , though the room seemed bare .
he led them along a little further , to a half - landing , where they entered the cooking area .
they had taken to the tunnels , and the cars had been pulled into disused areas , to be used as shelter and storage .
georgianna walked through the neutral safety area and , passing between the buildings , into the kahle encampments .
workers were forced into cramped areas amongst loud machines , and the money it paid was hardly worth what you had to go through to get it .
not entirely sure how to respond , she faltered , glancing up towards the area where veniche were waiting to be sold as dreta .
lacies bleary voice slipped from behind the canvas hanging and out into the main area of the car .
it was crowded , with four men seated in the living area , but not as crowded as he had expected .
moving from one place to another inside the van was the biggest inconvenience , especially if anyone was trying to cook or trying to do dishes in the tiny kitchen area .
the entire platform area had been enlarged , so that there was plenty of courtyard space for the temple , the mosque , and the cathedral .
as his seat touched the ground a rumble suddenly shook the whole area .
he taps away at the laptop keyboard and outside the office area , through the large glass window , the three guys can see the device coming to life , the beams of light start pulsating ; at first rather dimly lit , then suddenly the whole kicks into full power and forms the all too familiar tunnel of light , which due to the positioning of the office and the device itself , the three guys are able to see the left edge and right down the inside of the tunnel itself .
when we have all finished and had enough of siting around in the canteen area , we get up and walk towards our guide .
we obediently follow our guide who heads off to the right of the directors raised area , we travel around the circular raised area and then head off through another of the connecting tunnels .
we obediently follow our guide who heads off to the right of the directors raised area , we travel around the circular raised area and then head off through another of the connecting tunnels .
this , the second food processing area is really distressing , as we can see at the opposite end of the large hall , there is one of the large dark brown slug like creatures .
looks like some sort of sports area .
~~0~~0~~ we thought we were going back to the big dome , instead we end up in an equally large dome , this one has a large lake and several waterfalls tumbling down into the main area .
my earlier thoughts that rachel would try and find me were most likely to be incorrect , instead she probably headed away from the hub of machines to the inner quieter areas , hoping to find somewhere to hide .
by this time i have overtaken my guide and am now at the door , i can see footprints in the sandy soil that has drifted into the airlock area .
open areas stretched between the long buildings and the walls of the spacecraft nests .
around it , the private landing area resembled a topographical map of icy lakes .
renier described collector vents which drew oxygen into personnel areas or into condensation systems that infused hydrogen to create water .
they stepped through another shield door into an office area where a man in uniform rose sharply from his desk .
in the outer office beyond the living area , the servant avuse said , sir , captain krotkin , officer in charge of the malin point mine , is here .
nemec enclosed it in a folder before crossing through the lift to the residence area , where a large man wearing the insignia of the governors personal security met him and motioned for him to wait in the office .
an image of that world appeared in the holotank , and the briefer continued , surface freight counts at the main transshipment areas on the unkai peninsula have tripled , and up to six transports have transitted from the continent in the last twenty - four standard hours .
ambassador kapolas stood in the center of the reception area , tapping the corners of two envelopes into his palm .
this passage opens into the loading area , nemec said .
ribbons of energy sizzled across the loading area from several nooks and corners , searing holes into the walls and floor of the passage before the door slid closed again .
with an umedo escort he crossed the hollow of the main loading area and the intersection of corridors beyond , took a lift down into the mountains bowels , and emerged in another corridor .
the ships computer had cut power to threatened areas and sealed off the combat information center , with only emergency lighting and communications and minimal ventilation , until the fire danger had been contained .
no fighter will enter the pressurized hangar areas without a thorough inspection .
coming into the first bunking area , yeddy said , be glad you have a room to yourself .
beyond the bunking area , the passage opened into a small dayroom furnished with holovids and cabinets full of chip texts .
thunder rumbled in the passage beyond , the heavy bootfalls of masuk security troops running toward the main loading area .
bright energy whistled at them across the dark of the loading area , and soldiers on either side of tristan went down .
two figures moved to the center of the loading area .
his voice rang across the loading area .
* * lujan glimpsed only chesney first , kneeling in the middle of the loading area floor and supporting someone on her arm .
entering the admirals quarters a few minutes later , he strode across the compact living area and paused before one of the three observation panes in the far bulkhead .
the rest , having been made to witness the example of their officers , he d herded into the spacers open berthing areas like the livestock he considered them , and posted masuk guards .
they descended a long staircase into an area the passengers rarely saw .
the bottom of the hold had large support beams that also formed containment areas .
after a few slips , he gained his balance and started moving over to the area where the monitor had gone in .
he glanced back and forth between charles above him and the area below where celirna was .
since it had been a ship built for passenger travel , it did have some decent communal areas that had been converted to lounges , a cafeteria , and meeting rooms .
buckman went back to the lounge area and sat in a large overstuffed chair .
buckman asked as they left the lounge area and walked into a passageway .
it went into a storage area full of parts for the ship power generator .
charles closed the door behind them and checked the small storage area for any other people .
there s a hatch from inside the containment area .
that containment areas about 50 meters square .
the area was four levels tall and brought in solid waste from the host ship , in this case the queen , where they manually separated the waste and sent it to different process areas .
the area was four levels tall and brought in solid waste from the host ship , in this case the queen , where they manually separated the waste and sent it to different process areas .
all this was well controlled and regulated , but as buckman stepped into the processing area , there was no escaping the fact that they were working inside a massive garbage and sewage plant .
the other three men walked slightly behind and to the side of him as he walked through the various halls that eventually ended in a door leading to the public area of the ships grand atrium .
chief ordan went into a long description of how they entered the hold , made a thorough search , and finally started draining the containment area .
parren went up to the third floor , to a private area where he could lie down for an hour or two to allow his body to adjust from the trip .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ gryman had returned to his office after another media attack out in the common area .
the small area must have had some kind of heat source , maybe in the ground , which kept it habitable .
plymer ushered them out of the room , and into a recovery area , where more of the donated equipment was being used : monitors , crash carts , computer servers with medical charts .
he knew not to go into the examination rooms , but he did step into one of the recovery areas .
as near as he could tell from the inmates , they were in a center area of the compound .
how can a plumber , a man who can barely spell his name , work out the codes to fool the security system , go into a restricted area , find her , well you know the rest .
only instead of turning to go back to his cell , they continued down numerous other passages until they came to an area he vaguely remembered .
they went through various bleak halls until they came through a locked door and stepped into a communal area .
an organizer came in and escorted buckman back to the prisoner area he had walked through earlier to a room with an open door and people to talk to .
he was afraid to walk down the hall to the common area , but eventually he did .
they walked through the halls and into the administration area of the facility , a part of the complex he normally would never be taken .
have a seat , the warden said , motioning to a small sitting area in the office .
they walked out of the administration area to the awaiting tram .
charles was there because of what he knew and had told him that night in the storage area .
buckman knew she had spent many years sitting in that chair just listening to it , in an area no bigger than his prison cell .
anyone with flu - like symptoms is quarantined in the luggage handling area .
these buses are cross country passenger vehicles , the kind that include a large luggage compartment below the seating area .
it might require drilling some ventilation holes through the side panels , and we should find some cushions or padding to make their ride more comfortable , but it should accommodate everyone currently quarantined in the luggage handling area of the depot .
i guess that 's kind of ironic now that i think about it ... from one luggage area to another .
he also set up our new quarantine area out on the sun porch .
miguel , i trust you to take care of medical supplies and moving the quarantine back to the baggage area .
two of the gunners finally came out and declared the office area clear .
miguel ran ahead to find a new quarantine area , eager to let the remaining sick out of the luggage area and into someplace more comfortable .
miguel ran ahead to find a new quarantine area , eager to let the remaining sick out of the luggage area and into someplace more comfortable .
the office area of the factory was three stories tall , and its entrance led into an atrium that extended up that full three stories to a giant skylight .
the building is sturdy brick and could make a good refuge against an undead attack , though the ground floor windows in the office area are a potential weak point .
he was in a machine shop attached to the factory area leaning over what looked like a large car alternator .
the office area was probably less than a couple hundred thousand square feed counting the basement , but that meant the basement must be nearly 50,000 square feet all on its own , with row after row of shelves to examine .
after getting cleaned up , i returned to the office area where miguel ushered me into a conference room .
i can picture it , she said as we leaned on the railing of the third floor balcony , this whole area overflowing with green .
i shouted to the empty room , then headed quickly back toward the office area .
when we were sufficiently far away , jeff stopped , and i immediately climbed out and up unto the top of the cargo area .
i wandered through the office area , past familiar and unfamiliar faces .
the promenade was a large open area that ran around this level of alpha block .
also , because systems are being upgraded right now , the only system capable of doing a full bio scan is in the main area .
if they had to move her into the central area , she would try her hardest to escape .
there were potted plants , strangely enough , dotted around the area , and alice found herself inspecting them closely .
she had resisted arrest , she had deliberately hidden herself from a union forces officer , and right now she was headed towards a highly restricted area of the docking ring .
he sat down in a seat near the railing and continued to watch as the cart was taken away , and as the stage was sprayed clean of blood by water coming from little jets built into the sides of the entertainment area .
power readings indicate their motive power stations to be in the last third of the ship , under the nexus , right ? ^ ^yes , and it is not only the most heavily shielded area , the deck - plating also appears to be thickest there.^ ^we only need one point to fail , ^ she cast , her plan coming into resolution in her mind .
^invasion ! ^ cast ilasko , as she assimilated the multitude of status reports from various areas of the beleaguered ship .
^theyre heading to the detention area , ^ he faintly cast , falling to his knees .
he continued to dream watching as his body is hauled out of the palace by multiple guards to the whipping deck was held up while glimpsing keos and moorra are gathered around the area .
he finding himself in the high council 's room facing the seat area where there were n't any members seated .
tom saw the area slide open like a door walking out and saw it shut behind the male .
we walk for several minutes , passing our cave , and continue until we reach an area my father constructed years ago , where trees have been stripped of their branches and trimmed , their bark removed so that the hard , inner wood is exposed .
this is our training area , where we prepare to fight for our food , to fight animals ; to fight for our lives .
a small kitchen and breakfast bar , the sofa in front of the wall screen , and an open area in one cornerthe only clean spot in the entire place .
they roared their way into the area in front of the podium , forcing all to scatter out of their path .
from the air , the nexus lab area looked unchanged , except for the new layers of concrete covering the structure .
mary hopped off dorn 's back , it being impolite to ride about on an earth - bound pegasus , and the two embarrassed youngsters quickly moved out of arrival area three , while glancing back with curiosity at the grumpy centaur that had just ordered them to do so .
` ` the council ca n't be far from the departure area , can it ? ''
he sat in the area that everyone had cleared around wodan .
if we rush the truck and the guns are all in circulation , then we take the big crates that they keep the horse food in , and we rush the area where the others are dancing like idiots and we bash their skulls in .
she leaned on wodan , then both of them laughed as they made their way to an area suitable for a good piss .
* * * brad and his three friends huddled under a narrow stone roof while the area down below was destroyed by seemingly endless grenades .
he did not know it , but these were the two ugly that abandoned barkus in order to find the more sensible lieutenant wallach ; besides barkus and the flesh demon , all of the remaining ugly were now gathering in one area .
there was an insignificant and unobtrusive area by the entrance for shoes and coats .
a little bit further in was a tiny cooking area , featuring all the latest appliances , but with minimal counter space .
the guardians walked ahead , preparing to escort alex to the waiting area , but alex was still taken aback by the womans overly emotional response .
the tram stopped at the base of the pyramid and the three of them walked nervously into the main area .
there was an intriguing pattern left in the dust around one specific area of the floor .
once on the ground floor , they continued to be herded though a long corridor toward a large open area that contained rows of tables and a cafeteria - style kitchen at the far end .
they were installed all over the common areas of the prison because it had proven to be effective for rehabilitation and morale .
he darted into a shadowed area and disappeared from sight .
did you two really think you could break into a restricted area , assault a security guard , steal a very powerful and expensive piece of equipment , and just walk out of here ?
the ship had two massive cargo bay areas , an antigravity scrambler , two twin - turbo thrusters , several mini - exploration pods , two fully functional labs , and he had yet to explore the main deck .
once at the end of the corridor , he came across a cargo area .
he felt snooping around the cargo area would provide him more insight about the mission .
halfway down this area was a metal staircase that went down to a floor below .
we found stud in an area reserved for people about to go in for surgery .
dala stood up and walked to the small kitchen area .
i ve seen the guards training area in the basement .
this area of the dome was much different than what i was used to .
he paced back and forth in one little area , certain that it was where he found the hidden object last time he had to look .
the eerie green glow of emergency lights lit up the area inside and the walkway outside .
the emergency lights above the walkway and those in the filing cabinet room lost power and plunged the area into darkness as the k-99s shut down and stood there like statues .
i walk through the areas of the room that are shadowed from prying eyes .
protecting the new manager entered and looked around the area .
he headed for the food prep area .
its in the next area called the sphere room .
chapter thirty - one roads collide 1:45 p.m ... nile sector , commorance vicinage ... nikolai and natasha walked through the revolving doors leading into the lobby of the bes hotel , and the area was busy with people checking in and out .
this is the social area or the common area or whatever you want to call it .
this is your social area , your entertainment area , the area that keeps them focused .
this is your social area , your entertainment area , the area that keeps them focused .
he had been told by the military man on his tour of the colony that the heating system was a little weak in that particular area .
and as for the grass , it is an exaggeration as well , most likely of the floor in the common area .
can i trust you to behave if i leave for a little bit to go to the common area ?
in the common area .
maybe in the common area .
anyway , we used to play in it all day , in the common area .
he would sneak out of his family room after light - off and visit the hospital area which he knew to always have a light on , though a lesser .
every time they would pass by a room or corridors or such areas , josiah could hear the historian say , that s a dividing wall !
in a telescope it looks like one of those hamster cities with colored tubes connecting tubes , but in raw acres it was the third largest barley farm in the world , and that s not counting all the various storage and processing areas .
she recognized this area as one of the cargo holds of the small ship .
she could nt move out of the cylindrical containment area which glowed almost warmly about her .
kari did not find it hard over the ensuing days to leave them alone in the cell and spend time in the outer area with the guards .
then one day , the two students lead her out to the outer area and had the guards turn off the observation window .
graak began his investigations in the outer areas of the station , in a dry dock hangar and one of the older air vents .
he combed and cris - crossed the exterior areas of the station .
he flicked his talons at a vasht and that master took her back to the slave areas .
misaligned air filters worked loose , raining accumulated fluff and pests down in random areas of the station .
short of sealing the area and vacating evidence and air , there was nothing that would put them out .
one of the rat patrol asked when they got to the meet area .
the scanner stations were concealed in all public buildings , at parks , along sidewalks , in businesses , public transportation areas , everywhere .
barely larger than a grain of sand , but a fifth the weight , they were routinely sprayed and sprinkled by the millions every day into public areas and carried home like ticks by unsuspecting human transports .
she had one more afternoon break at three o - clock and found a quiet corner in a back storage area behind the main grocery store so she could get serious about perusing the data .
there she was , standing at the periphery of the pool area talking with two others girls , smiling .
the chairs around the big table in the dining area were the same .
there was a living / dining / kitchen area .
i saw jillian look up from her terminal in the living area .
i wiped off my sweaty brow and went back to the dining area where marlon gave me a sympathetic smile .
this one looked out onto the landing area of utopia .
we went into the suite and christophe showed us to the business area , not the couches .
ralph and i sat alone in one of the living areas of the manor , watching the rebroadcast on a large screen .
i took them out and across the hall to the little kitchen area all the doctors , scientists , nurses , and guards on this closed ward used and slid them into the racking .
he replaced her hospital bed with a real bed , took out the cart of medical supplies , and added a table and chairs to eat meals at and a little living room area in the corner for relaxing .
asked jim slyly as he howled like a dying wolf and ran sideways towards the boarding area ( just to show off ) .
they made their way inside and headed right for the kitchen area .
jack cried as he dragged his luggage through the - gold encrusted with white marble floors - landing area .
now run along , i am contractually obligated to read 10 more people , jeremy snapped sarcastically as he showed jen the way out of the shot ; thusly , and then into the lounge area to the left ( several plates full of caviar were there for the talent ) .
ben walked into the staging area using peremptory commands - hi you look great , we should work together , how s your agent these days ( it was all bull ) -as he walked into the kodak theater and sang that sweet chin music for a few minutes .
he , paul , and julie raced to the back of the stage area ( as security started beating the shit out of the troublemakers ) .
paul and julie headed for the backstage area , as ben stood there center stage smiling like he was 6 years old again ( and winning the pop warner bros actors only football game ) .
as i move toward the group in my dining area , i see that they are gathered around my round dining table .
janis offers , there is a liaison chat area you can access .
if it is not hot , ill know that this area , or possibly this entire building , will not be important to me in the future .
you do nt know where the safe areas are , where the controls are or anything about how it works , yet .
[ ringo 's holo moves over to the podium area and a large screen * pops * next to branon . ]
there are some trees on both sides of the driveway entrance , but the site is clear along the rest of the driveway and for the building area and a bit around that .
we are sitting in the living / dining room area of epifanios and my new house .
they stood in the parking area by the trailhead enjoying a brief period of rest .
with a final murderous glance at winston , shotgun returned to the window area .
the birds set everyone down by the vehicle and deposited the packs into the cargo area .
the hunt organizes at dawn , the chief acolyte emerged from the dead woods and clambered down the steps to the parking area .
worst of all was the amazing mermaid performers area .
they entered a partially enclosed enclosed area with a plasti - glass dome soaring overhead .
they passed through the doorway into a drab , spartan waiting area .
dr . che helped winston load ripper into the storage area behind the seat , then he moved in next to star .
he wedged himself into the storage area beside ripper , feeling oddly diminished .
rackenfauz and che poked about the mayhem , checking the storage areas , picking up and inspecting tools .
star stood in the parking area outside the main door peering into the hazy vista .
through the glass doors , star watched dr . che advance cautiously through the lobby area , assault rifle at the ready .
* * * winston and star exited the building and began moving across the parking area toward the sidewalk .
* * * in the parking area in front of his building , dr . rackenfauz stood by the truck examining a compact submachine gun .
his lab coat pockets bulged with hand grenades ; a box of grenades resided in the storage area behind the seat .
a large mattress filled the center area .
in amazement , he realized that the closer he got to the set , the more he could see in the image area .
austin scratched his head walking to the mess area .
he stood up and clapped a hand on austins shoulder before leaving the mess area .
you are in basement level four , med / lab area , isolation room three .
this unit , probably four or five times before its integrity fails , more for a larger unit , like a chest or torso unit , perhaps ten to twelve , if there is no convergence in the blast areas .
edwin pushed the rolling cart from behind , and she pulled it from the front as they wheeled slowly into the lecture area .
she caught edwin just as he cut through the crowd out into the baggage claim area .
there is a device in the storage area i can get for you , the computer said .
the computer is still further underground , and there is another area that could be used as a defense center there .
the other entrances from the village have quick access to other areas like storage .
this area was never meant to be a library so there are books here and there and everywhere .
the experts had arrived before their equipment and were looking at the area where the other entrance had been before the accident .
he walked out to the area where corrigan had been shot and leaned against the almost invisible railing .
he tossed his weapons on the table and dug around in the dank storage area .
if i may request that you gentlemen follow me , the little figure said waving them into the operating area .
a troubling moan came from the bedroom in the back right area of the house .
several pings and bangs echoed from the bedroom on the other side of the main living area .
excellent , jameson said motioning him into the makeshift operating area .
jameson poked his head around the corner in the hallway between the sofa and the operating area .
borg strode in the front doors to robert coopers reception area and hung a right at the crescent - shaped desk .
jagger shook his head and climbed the elegant stairs that led into the main reception area .
the main living area had a small fireplace , a large glass coffee table and several matching leather chairs .
jagger turned back around and walked into the bar area .
adelaide abacco strode up to a raised area a couple of hundred yards from the flux .
he was guiding her through the complex under - compartment of the flux , revealing all the hidden areas they had apparently smuggled goods and people in for some years .
as she entered the solitary area of the prison with her homemade key fob , again based on gordians , she considered going to see kramer , or ferranti , or even ketrass if she could .
chapter 10 i went to the other side of the altar , to the area where i d last seen them .
you 'll be happy to know that the room behind me opens into a communal living area for the macaques once they have received their injection . ''
a few administrative personnel and infirmary staff were scattered over the area , but for the most part she and mr . courtlen were isolated from the quiet conversations of the others .
` ` i ' ve put ann in the animal holding area for now and locked the door , so that she ca n't destroy anything else .
after checking the area to make sure that they were n't watched , frank opened the door , wincing at the sound of metal scraping against concrete .
she walked back toward the prison 's reception area , giving stan kembrey a furtive glance on her way .
the reception area was empty except for the two of them and the florescent lights hummed cold and dismal above them like an echo of the aching space in nella 's head .
` ` you and you , search the common area .
a few of the soldiers relaxed and sat down at the picnic tables scattered over the common area .
it was obviously another warehouse that they had merged via the tunnel to this very area , but the warehouse had no extra sides or anything .
although when you own a house this huge , the area that is generally called the living room is actually the boasting room .
the body of s-20 was made to resemble a human figure all but where there should have been a head there was a dome - like area where the pilot sat , peering out at the world through the god - knows - how - thick bullet proof glass , the touchscreen buttons , switches and gadgets on the said glass visible and backwards for anyone who found themselves unfortunate enough to see the pilot fingering out commands of death on the tinted dome touchscreen .
he said , sitting at his desk again in his dimly lit area that he spent most of his time .
we entered the shop area and i was recognized instantly by a lot of people .
dave found in the highest room a calming area where it seemed everything was possible , but only good was wanted .
finally , i picked up the study guide and walked it over to the round wooden table filling the compact area that would be deemed the condos dining room .
she smiled and instructed me to take a seat on one of the small couches in the waiting area .
to the left of the sleep area was a very regal bathroom , in the center of that was a considerably sized marble claw - foot tub that had to have been over twenty feet wide at its widest point .
a muffled fight here , a few screams of pain there , the last few gasps of air being taken out of one 's lungs over in another area .
one area of the small hut was divided by a cloth divider hanging down off of the ceiling , down to the floor .
and look over even further than that into that area over there , it looks like a large den or bed .
two quick jumps to the left and louis shot up and over the mjebro runestone , jumping off the larger center area of the stone .
and in another area of the fairy circle he noted what looked liked enormous beaver tracts that lead off towards the watering - hole nearby .
while he drew back the curtains , ranen motioned us to a small sitting area by one of the windows .
ranen stood up and started pacing in the little sitting area , growing more hysterical with each step .
the texan grunted in reply , but continued to eye the trainees suspiciously as he walked with the rest of us around the training area .
in fact , the whole subterranean space felt like a cross between a museum and ( considering how thick the steel door at the entrance was ) a secure storage area , and it was one that i suspected also doubled as a meeting area , due to the long wooden harvest table in the center of the cave .
in fact , the whole subterranean space felt like a cross between a museum and ( considering how thick the steel door at the entrance was ) a secure storage area , and it was one that i suspected also doubled as a meeting area , due to the long wooden harvest table in the center of the cave .
gaent could see a great skeleton of a moving crane bent over the heavy crates that filled the area .
` ` could have used an area downstairs , '' said teria .
he pointed to two areas near the crate planks .
a red door led into the laboratory area .
gaent sought out a table in an unoccupied study area and quickly wrote all that he could remember of his conversation with cartio before the experience faded .
` ` a little over a bi - week ago , someone broke into our main storage area .
gaent and torret filled out their paperwork as the first secretary unlocked the barred door , re - locked it behind her , and opened one of the caged areas .
before the crowd could close in around him , he grabbed lexia and promander by the arms and pulled them into the stable area beneath the stadium seats .
the dormitory had an open area where the stairs ended on each floor .
on the third floor , the common area was decorated with three large couches situated around a low , wood table .
her voice was loud and was certainly heard in the sitting area .
this area of kenos was the newest , just weord of the old wall .
a stairway lead to a second dining area , but gaent waved teria to an open table outside as he ordered a couple of sandwiches .
two chairs sat around a table in the area with the oven and cold box .
the next room was a kitchen area with another counter and cabinets , a built - in basin , and a cold box .
we pick them up and hang them , then she and some others start to wipe while i sweep the area .
now all she does is just heft bales to the caballo area .
i do nt even have to look to see others moving to dispenser area , my body already tells me .
i stood at the start area , in my skutt , waiting for the boys to come in their cloths .
that is the same way we get heat in the mat area , say , when it gets cold during moon - sun .
as the haas3 made its approach , mac could see three distinct areas of the base : the command centre , the airfield , and a fenced - off area .
the main area comprised the command centre and administration buildings .
inside the big administration building , temporary walls were put up to cordon off the covered area into several rooms .
as mac and jace walked toward it , mac 's gaze concentrated on the restricted area .
he pointed to the different areas as he spoke .
he started picking up drywall and two - by - fours in the area that used to be the living room .
the land and launch ( lal ) area was massive and dotted with lal pads .
the busiest areas were the ones closest to the main entrance , so he was nt going to put the shuttle down there .
they walked through the public areas where people lined up to buy tickets .
the trio eventually arrived at the private area of the space port where people kept their own ships .
most of the ship comprised living quarters , cafeteria , and recreation areas .
a work area for whoevers office this was .
the planet engulfed half of the viewing area of the command deck .
he made a quick sweep of the entire control room and found that he could hear the hissing noise against every wall except the one leading to the cargo area .
raymond got out of his seat and opened the door to the cargo area of the shuttle .
when he walked on to the blue area on the floor , his body lifted off the ground just like all the others .
they are in the collecting area where the lights came out of .
and i think this areas getting a little too hot for us .
hurrying down the steps he rushed into the wider , better lit area below .
this area was less ruinous than the rest .
sykes would have to detour around damaged areas of the ship and might not get to engineering fast enough , but he could nt think of anything else to try .
while they were waiting a huge crowd of engineers , carpenters , middle men and curious people were in st james park setting up the welcome area where the aliens had decided to land : next to the avenue of trees , pretty much next to buckingham palace .
the bottom of the building was a parking area with a force field covering the open entrance / exit and keeping the air in and the rest of space out .
anyway , doc , if this goes the way i think , were going to need you to bring the ship into the docking area for our daring escape .
ok , now we enter de main areas of de ship , dese be the ones where wes gon na meet people , jimmy told them .
according to the plans , at the end of dis corridor be a large shopping area , jimmy whispered .
it was a large circular area that was multi - tiered .
the people , men and women , mostly women streamed past them and out of the prison area , and in the midst of them julianna found them and hugged each in turn .
let us be out of here also , jimmy said and they went out of the prison area and ran past the people waiting to grab a lift and those piling up and down the stairs at the end of the corridor .
dr . hendricks came out of the changing area in a very nice tweed jacket complete with leather elbow patches .
i asked , leaning on the boxing ring beside the punching bag area .
there s a small area in the front room .
damien nodded as he carefully maneuvered himself through the zero - gravity boarding area .
# and this is your working area of the ship , jenna told damien as she drifted up to a handhold near another hatch .
i went up to the railing that looked down to the dining area seven stories below .
we started down to the dining area .
the dining area had several bodies about , but nobody living .
the dining area was filled with tables and chairs again instead of the beds i had seen on my last trip .
together they dashed from the room and disappeared into a deeper area of the house .
the blue and white huey eased into the area from the south and turned side on to reveal a mini - gun of its own ; the brutish weapon mounted internally on a tripod by the starboard side door .
this doubled as both a toilet , which could easily be washed clean , and a private changing area for the women .
inside , cecelia cleverly marked out areas for sleeping , dining , food storage and building materials .
there were definitely areas of jasons mind i could nt access , it felt like i was knocking on a brick wall , and others where had i looked more closely i would have seen the welcome sign .
there was a play area for the dog .
there 's a comfortable living area not far from here .
shatoya pointed to an area of the room where dozens of native children waved and jumped up and down with delight at having been recognized .
on my way to the area where i 'd transport to our godship , i met gill .
` ` spin around , my new master , so i may scan the area for prying eyes .
he gestured grandly to the whole area that spun .
there was a small area separated off in one corner by an old curtain .
set up carmella 's sleep area and then go to the market .
ugilino was silent all the way to the barn , but when they were in the barn 's lower area , he spied something in the corner that could not escape his comment .
midland was all blank walls , strange shapes and blind corners to her : all of the areas that would have displayed advertisements , maps or important public information were blank without a connection to the verse .
she was only allowed in the side aisle , as it was the only area that could accept payment from her card rather than a verse credit .
julian walked into the large living area and poured himself -10 degree water .
the distance from the shooting area allowed her to aim directly on the crosshairs , and most of the guards faced away from her .
popular designs for precinct areas ranged from the human body ( the most famous being a naked woman leaning back with hands on hips ) to extinct animals : dolphins , snakes , rhinos and the famous 48 metre eagle house .
there was music , a dance area full of people swaying and gyrating and a swimming pool all popular .
the area was well lit .
ryan described his surroundings to alia and she said : you re in the front room of in its like the gateway to the all other areas ; the five other areas .
ryan described his surroundings to alia and she said : you re in the front room of in its like the gateway to the all other areas ; the five other areas .
that way he can go back in tomorrow , put on the lens when he gets into the service area just in case .
once in he found his way back to the telesync data area .
different areas , headings , words madi and bes smiled at each other .
a hundred shards and a spray of lunatex dust showered the whole area .
surrounding them were double doors on three sides , leading out of the area .
chapter 47 the space station the space station was made up of about a dozen different ports and more walkways , resulting in an expansive central area .
each port had its own designated technical support and workshop areas and there was clearly a lot going on in these places .
this area could be used for different purposes but was generally kept free from encumbrance .
they adjourned to a spacious kitchen area where sylvana pulled out a smorgasbord of pickled and preserved snacks and dried biscuits .
chapter 53 on board the star sapphire most of the room on the ships was taken up with living and entertainment areas , software machinery and engineering hardware .
the subs and the nanopeans lived in separate areas of the ship .
the sixth and most outer level , both bow and stern featured viewing and leisure areas .
the service had restricted command areas on this level at both bow and stern .
levels five , four , three and two were all mainly living areas with level one being used almost entirely for growing .
lighting could energise a work area , foster somnolence in another , boost plant growth in a garden , create a little piece of tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels .
he can find his way around the network and knows which areas to avoid ; where he can see them standing around or hear snippets of conversations .
there were no doors in these areas , just climate corridors and tunnels which were built utilising natural pressure and temperature differences to maintain the climate of a particular space .
the four men moved into the central area of the service deck , gravitating toward the front window of the ship .
as they entered the service area , kristina was awestruck by the broad space of the deck before her .
with hushed voices small groups of them wandered through nanopean corridors and common areas leading through to cabins where they were horrified to see the contortions and twists of hundreds of nanopean bodies .
when she had had her fill of exploring and peeking into his personality and was done snooping , she started to clean up , and then went to the kitchen to explore that living area .
when everything was set to simmer and she had cleaned up her prep , she went back to his work area and pulled out his plans for kelp farming .
they all went inside and sat in the living area of the old church .
it was really more of a cut - out in the rocks than an actual cave , but it did provide a covered area just big enough to lie down in .
speaking of the restroom as you called it , i was considering your sleeping arrangements , the captain began , we have some empty berths in the crews quarters , or we could clear a more private area for you in the storage hold .
there were a number of doors along the perimeter wall that looked to jeff like they were probably barracks and an area with several large tables that was covered by a thatched roof .
jeff and jenny were even hungrier than they had realized and both eagerly grabbed handfuls of food and wolfed them down , as did the others assembled in the dining area .
within minutes , jeff and a just a handful of other men , mostly the older members of the respective crews remained in the dining area .
even then you still have to avoid going into any public areas with security checkpoints for another month or so because the checkpoint scanners are a lot more sensitive than the satellites .
not unless you have a search warrant , announced elizabeth , as sternly as she could , as she stepped towards them from the kitchen area .
all we could do is keep it from spreading beyond the hollowed out area .
between the giant torn roots at the base of the log and the burned out cabin area he moved along the singed bark , thumping it with the flat side of the ax .
once , in an area where the cave narrowed , i noticed a piece of fur .
it 's reaching the point where a single match could set this whole area ablaze . ''
the normally brightly lit parking area was barely visible through curtains of snow driven by a wind that sent it sidewise with the speed of a freight train .
they hovered near the ticket counter , surveying the other passengers in the terminal area for anyone suspicious .
both girls screamed , causing a small commotion in the ticket area as security guards looked for the cause of the disturbance .
as he did so the security guards talking to betty and rusty casually began moving right and left towards the rear of the terminal area .
several men in dark suits got up from a passenger waiting area and casually strolled towards the ticket area .
several men in dark suits got up from a passenger waiting area and casually strolled towards the ticket area .
the same thing happened from the other end of the terminal area .
the door opened as they rushed out across the parking area , the scientists leading the way to a large auto - flyer .
she hurried out into the main area of the bio dome , where the city laid , before anyone could stop her .
he told her when she saw someone enter the food court area then walk over the maze after spotting them .
the mouse moved to the area of the room with the chair .
only your mother and i and some of the officers have access to this area , mr . kline said .
a small kitchen area lay in front of us , and beyond that , a worn couch and a sliding wooden door which led to the bathroom .
we thought long about where to put her , but we eventually decided to cordon off an area in the labs that was not used often .
we had entered a common area .
the main area of the cavernous space was the bar , with tables pushed against the walls .
tark got to the cargo area a few minutes later .
nine compartments surrounded them , all with a glassed area at the top of each outline .
the halves swung inward , revealing a modestly sized living area .
wood was used for the doors , and the counter , which separated the kitchenette from the sitting area , was stone .
outside their small dining area , it seemed everything had stopped , that nothing and no one else existed any longer .
oh , they do nt have a curling area ?
soon , all that mattered were the innumerable globular droplets floating past the warning lights outside the bay windows of the waiting area .
dmitry walked out into the living area , shirtless , and she fell silent .
he was too busy trying to wrap up loose ends , doing his best to get both tark and himself out of the docking area .
they all walked into an extremely chilly reception area .
critical areas of the station are already under guard .
she looked around the room and located the main camera and microphone surveying sleeping area .
it was still much the same , which was impressive given the limited occupancy and space of the domed areas .
however , as i m almost always in a dome area , and there are cameras everywhere , i ve practiced keeping my official self turned on whenever possible , he said .
but she was in one of the dead zonestoo far between dome areas for any non - pit dweller to travel to safely .
you may keep your crew in this outer tent area , but only you may accompany me inside , she said , pointing at xero .
xero cracked a smile and nodded towards the indoor area of the caf .
neptune started pacing back and forth across the room , her eyes searching the area for possible weapons .
they stood inside the inner area of the alamos chapel , their escorts quickly abandoning them and closing the door as soon as they left .
i think were going to get along just fine , but i wanted to know one thingis there a reason you decided to meet us in such a public area ?
the room looked like a small museum or tourist center , with what looked like the remains of a gift shop , a lecture area with chairs , and some small educational exhibits .
she dashed into the emergency room and caught up with the gurney as dave was being wheeled toward an area cordoned off by a curtain .
the boy lugged the hamper over to the laundry area .
each apartment consisted of a sitting area , a work - station , a bed and a refresher , aka bathroom .
each apartment / home consists of a sitting room , complete with workstation , a kitchen / dining area , a place to sleep and a refresher .
the very first house built on deucado for the essessoni ( rei and rome 's house ) was u - shaped with a sitting area , a dining area , a kitchen , a bedroom for rei and rome and a bedroom for aason .
the very first house built on deucado for the essessoni ( rei and rome 's house ) was u - shaped with a sitting area , a dining area , a kitchen , a bedroom for rei and rome and a bedroom for aason .
the only difference was they did not have the tower , instead they had a central common area for meals and some specialized rooms on the outskirts .
one of them was cut in half and used as the staging area between the algol and skyler base on dara .
rome took the cat into the cooking area and gave it a bowl of water and a few treats from the food synthesizer .
please go back to the living area for the remainder of the journey .
along the other hallway was the side airlock , a living area complete with workstation , music area , a sitting area and even a small studio area for rome to paint .
along the other hallway was the side airlock , a living area complete with workstation , music area , a sitting area and even a small studio area for rome to paint .
along the other hallway was the side airlock , a living area complete with workstation , music area , a sitting area and even a small studio area for rome to paint .
along the other hallway was the side airlock , a living area complete with workstation , music area , a sitting area and even a small studio area for rome to paint .
also stored in that area was some other equipment that the overmind of tabit was going to abandon .
finally , at the way back was a recycler and a laundry area so they did not have to always generate new clothing .
next , why is there a sitting area with a place for multiple humans when the vuduri never socialize ?
it had two main areas .
the first was the food preparation area where they had a fairly elaborate bank of food synthesizers .
the other side of the courtyard was seating areas .
entry 1 - 208 : july 21 , 2013 rei 's first taste of vuduri food ( this is part of the continuing series about the design of skyler base ) in rome 's revolution , rome takes rei to the food preparation area to enjoy a brief meal in the center court .
unlike the rest of the vuduri complex , this one area was illuminated by bright lights hanging from the ceiling .
it seemed like you need another area just to fill the room out .
well , the entry way leads in to the two - story tall main study area .
the blacktop area in the lower part of the shot is minimcom 's personal landing area .
the blacktop area in the lower part of the shot is minimcom 's personal landing area .
the other three areas are just the excavations which will eventually hold the commissary , a dormitory and a lecture hall which would also serve as the planet 's first movie theater .
corissa sat on a blanket spread next to nevins bedding area .
swiggum stopped in an area where the floor widened to form a room .
along one side , there were at least two dozen tables with benches , apparently serving as a mess area .
in two corners , there were practice areas with mats covering the stone floor , one area being utilized for swordplay and the other for some kind of wrestling or hand to hand fighting .
in two corners , there were practice areas with mats covering the stone floor , one area being utilized for swordplay and the other for some kind of wrestling or hand to hand fighting .
they walked quickly through the castle halls over marble floors until they reached the secured area that included the kings living quarters .
when he entered the dining area he was surprised to see the envoy , who appeared much worse for the storm .
they were in an area of isolation without other prisoners , and silence pervaded except for the scurrying of the rats .
as everyone gradually left the mess area , jason asked larby , ` ` should the watch be posted ? ''
they had a central cooking and eating area .
heather spoke up , saying , ` ` i would we secure this area and the prisoner .
since he did nt have boots , they had him on manifest duty again , this time directing the crates to the appropriate shippers area .
were finalizing the installation of monitors in the market areas .
that area is sealed too .
three hours to fill the sealed area , another eight to see if it leaks .
# at twenty - one hundred hours , fergus found alexis outside of the level 3 sealed off area .
the dock area is holding .
dock workers surrounded the area around the corridor mouth and cheered as he walked out onto the dock .
he asked as he arrived in the briefing area .
i tried to invent a reasonable explanation just in - case my fears came true , but there is not an awful lot you can say to a room full of guards who have just watched you climb out of a toilet and into a restricted area .
i shouted towards the audience in what was my last interaction with them before i was escorted out of the room and into what was curiously referred to as the backstage area .
said bryan as i hurtled through the door to the backstage area .
the normal looking man instantly headed for the exit , and i was escorted out of the hall and back into the backstage area .
we just need to pose for a few photographs in the media area outside and then were all done .
i wandered up to the prison gates which automatically slid open allowing me to walk straight into the reception area .
bring your ship to the landing area outside the council building tomorrow morning .
there were no individual rooms on this ship either , just one open area which would act as everything from sleeping quarters to control room and whatever in - betweens we needed it to be .
i like to think i was a big help by firing so many shots into random areas of the ship , but in truth i think i possibly made it more difficult for langer to see where the guards were .
to enter different areas of the base just insert this card into a door reader and input your password to gain access .
chapter 10 the necro - tech had been right ; this area of deck 4 did stink of sweat , the smell assaulting her as she exited the grumpy lift with her escorting ted .
the deck above is n't like this , it just goes on for another vault and then stops , no door on the opposite side and no lift down to that section , so this seems the only area where both segments of the base connect . ''
work rosters in areas like the firing ranges , weapon testing pits , acid vats , reactor bleed coils and a dozen other places will instantly save lives by simply ensuring teds are n't present when those areas are active .
adam , one of the technicians who monitored radiation levels in the waste storage area , walked into the break room just after mr . ganges had left and found james slumped over in an odd position on the floor .
clean showers , water from an elaborate water purification system that jerry had designed himself , a well - equipped kitchen prep area as well as a room for butchering and smoking fresh meats .
one of the seated men stood up from the table and picked up his dishes , putting them into a bin where a young girl carried them and several other dirty dishes to a kitchen washing area .
he 'd searched this area beneath it at least a hundred times , looking for whatever they used to watch him in here .
it created a clang very different from the dinging of the bells they had installed on the lifts , and it would echo along the pipe as it ran the length of the hall in the residential area .
he stepped over a pile of dirty towels that smelled vaguely of mildew and walked into the sitting area .
there was a mattress against one wall , a small area for cooking with a portable gas stove and a few pots and cans of food .
there were doors on all four walls leading to other areas of the compound judging by the flow of traffic in and out of them .
he wanted to ask what they all were , if they were cells or entrances to other areas of the base , but he remembered what tomas had told him about not making himself look too suspicious .
behind the doors in the few hallways he had been in must be more halls leading to bunk rooms and training areas .
the stove was pretty simple , the room was not airtight , but still peter worried about the danger of burning gas in a confined area .
the closest thing to precipitation here was the watering systems for the few gardens in the upper and center areas of the dome .
one half was an entertainment area with a nice television and some game consoles , things he barely used but bought on the off chance he might one day want to .
he placed the boxes down and retrieved his drink to bring with him back to the maze that was the storage area .
he hoped that maybe he had just not noticed this area and the damage done to it when he was leaving it before .
a high - definition television screen dominated the rear wall , and the rest of the room consisted of a spacious , royal blue carpeted area dotted with desks for secretaries .
helpers finished drying her off in a cylindrical area like a shower , but with high - powered hairdryer - like devices that did nt overheat her at all .
they took seats in a waiting area not far from the transit corridor that connected the terminal to the plane .
please present your warrant for search of this area of the plane , sir .
the area of the ship leading from the rear storage compartment , to the lifeboat compartment , would be airtight for several minutes , before the effects of exposure to the outside , could tear through the sealed hatchways .
with what little energy he had left , he made his way to the eva suit locker , just outside the damaged area and found that the six pressure suits were still intact , with full oxygen tanks .
on his own , daelon would not have been strong enough to break through the thick concrete walls of the stairwell , but using the talins dense outer shell , he repeatedly smashed the area of the wall beneath the open window , until he had separated the section that core was clinging on to , from the rest of the building .
it was intended by severov , to be a waiting area for aspiring colonists , waiting to be interviewed .
his plan was to use the ships turrets to compromise the alien ships hull , causing it to crash into tyrran , once he was safely inside a pressurized area .
he was told by a faculty member that the entry class was currently having a recess in the play area ; an indoor playground at the center of the building .
the group was forced to endure an obnoxious slurping sound , until a clear path was formed into the next area , which was another dome like structure , identical to the one they had just exited .
drellic cautiously pulled apart a tall seam in the organic wall of the chamber ahead of him , allowing him to move on to the next area .
since he had never gotten that far into that area before , it was his first time realizing that it was the least organic part of the ship .
within the curtained area itself , a number of holographic images appeared displaying the health of the queen as well as that of the yet unborn child .
king hedron exited the room and entered the waiting area , where he would remain with the others while the ceremonial ritual took place .
ayron raised up high the ancient text that he d brought with him from his quarters , if anything more of a library with little else other than a bed and small area for eating .
the squad inside reports that the lobby area is empty and they 're preparing to go down . ''
they went to the docking area and waited eagerly for sea of boston to dock with the thoughtful flame .
her weight and speed was too great for the small area to serve as much of an air - brake but she could at least direct her body nearer the water , the blessed water ...
greta formed a mental picture of concrete walls enclosing an area about fifteen by twenty feet .
jill flashed to me that she was going to dive deeper into memory storage areas to gather more intel .
huge stacks of speakers and amplifiers bookended the playing area .
we unplugged our instruments , surrounded the three dakinis , hustled them quickly off the stage and into the tiny room behind the performance area .
we put our instruments back into the van , stuffed the limp dakinis into the cargo area , and took off .
landon , a chunky senior training to become a true resident for peace , stood near the loading area in his silver sash , scrutinizing everyone .
set up throughout the spacious area were televisions , several pool tables , and through a door in the back , a large , empty swimming pool .
the main area is bigger than any church or cathedral i have ever seen .
he drove slowly into the first mall area , past the trees and into the second lot .
a set of heavy steel doors lead into the back storage area .
he popped the cigarette into his mouth and then looked around near the back area .
bear and beth stepped past the flames , into the darkness of the storage area , and chased them down .
the light flooded into the storage area .
the light and air swept into the back area .
a few seconds later , they were making their way back into the main store area .
bob and tom were finishing up spreading fresh hay across the floor in the huge open area where the horses bedded down .
he turned and walked back into the garage area .
he walked back through the garage to the area where the children , cammy and iris were .
they were in what had been an office area .
she did n't wait for bear to answer , but headed back out into the garage area .
chapter six the nation the main meeting area of the cave was huge , measuring more than one hundred feet across in the middle and nearly twice that deep back into the rock before it narrowed and split into tunnels leading into the heart of the small mountain .
they had come up to the main cave area after work rather than go home .
besides , they had reasoned , candace , patty and a few others were working on the storage areas in the cave , so they would be there too .
they had met them there , and they had all eaten dinner together in the main area .
sandy had taken candace , patty and lilly away with her right after dinner to the clinic that was in one of the smaller rooms off the main area .
they had both just finished a long talk with her and returned to the main cave area .
they walked back out into the main cave area as mike and ronnie were coming in from the ledge where they had been talking with bob and tom .
bear whistled as he walked by and headed up to the overhead storage area where they had set up sleeping quarters .
besides the bedroom , there was another room and it had a small sofa , a table with chairs and a small kitchen area .
as they went to their work area , mckcy walked with him .
` ` you might want to go to the lounge area .
suki went back to the lounge area where everyone had assembled .
there was a big empty area where the sofa had been , but luckily enough other seats had been found so that everyone could sit .
chapter 32 later that day inga and suki went through the transports storage area to see what there was to eat .
as they gathered ingredients and took them back to the kitchen area of the lounge , nina and charles offered to cook the meal the next time .
in the parking area at the school .
the kitchen area had a half stove / oven , with two old burners , a sink barely large enough to hold a regular sized dish , and a mini fridge .
i strode into the main part of the club / dancing area , but the farther i went , the less i saw .
large , multicolored parasols shaded the seating area , and a bar in the far corner served beastwine to the patrons .
glancing back toward the area of the portal , he saw nothing amiss , of course , but his mind knew that screens there projected parts of the view .
to avoid walking in front of the bar , he turned to his right and circled around through the cluttered seating area .
gentlemen , if you ll turn down that hallway you ll find a sort of waiting area with some public terminals and drink vending machines .
the area was accessed through a small trap door that was disguised to look like a floorboard .
the area underneath was quite large , and the canvas bag fit easily .
it looks like a storage area , said jeff , standing up .
they went back in through the storage area where they had arrived and this time took the door into the main building .
as amy watched the workers go to their lockers , she knew someone would not find their overalls , so she stepped away from the area .
but gustav was not in the storage area with us , said amy .
we ran the scenario and found that gustav was probably just outside the storage area you were in .
chapter 25 - fitting in saturday morning , mrs . felder came into the work area looking for jeff .
she hurried as fast as she could back to the transport area .
the nearest stood behind the barricade a good thirty meters behind her , but the crowd as a whole surrounded the area at least three hundred meters from where the spacecraft would land .
melissa led the way over to the large greenbelt that served as an outdoor study area and park during the day .
the bus stopped at a large parking area at the cavern entrance and melissa followed matt off the bus .
there s a nice quiet area inside the library that we can go to and sit , if that s okay ?
this caused him to develop a need to know where she was , so he would occasionally sneak to where he could look down on the area around the haystacks .
every one of them not duty bound to stay at the checkpoint walked with anthony toward the detention area , to show their solidarity with a man whose brother had been shot .
he 'd found multiple locations by now from which he could watch the haystack area with little chance of being seen by somebody there .
two burly men got out of the cargo area .
the guards bowed and swept their arms theatrically , waving her to the food preparation area with exaggerated good manners .
when the threesome came into the fully lighted area near the porthole , it was to find ugly graffiti on the walls .
joel dragged him and his pack to an area against the wall that had a tumble of rubble underneath , with remains of beams leaning on the wall above .
joel steered renzo out of the area , back to the lieutenant 's office .
when he was ushered into the area off the emergency room , and saw trevin sitting in a reclining chair , his feet propped up , resting , he was almost angry with him .
they headed off to the work areas and dressing rooms hidden near the baptistery in the right front of the sanctuary , renzo pushing trevin in his chair .
mattie grabbed her cheap duffel bag and backpack from the ground and fled across the four lanes separating the drop - off / pick - up area from the terminals , ignoring the calls of the cop .
currently that is ; in the good old days the front office area had been mobbed with attractive women ; several well distributed metric tons of them he estimated .
filled with all manner of equipment , it seemed to be primarily a lab , but there was also a small conference area .
finally , exquisitely calibrated resonance modes were established for the walls and inside areas of the safe .
the biggest shock was in the driver 's area up front .
shortly they entered a small garden area .
the general 's previous investigations had been conducted by assigning each member of his search party to individual areas and structures of the base .
bates did n't really mind taking his turn at clean - up duties in the little bus kitchen area .
steve reported back to the rest of the group as they slowly walked into the suspect area .
on the other hand , what if he were to stay here and use the soap trick on the gravesite area ?
the emperor swept in to the breakfast area and seeing gya , came over to give her a formal hug , then shook cato 's hand , greeting and congratulating them on their part in the victory .
he turned into another conference area , and noticed the other officers were slowly walking down the corridor .
kalen turned the corridor to find gya , and as she started towards the conference area , he grabbed her arm .
ryo waited in the hallway staging area for his cue to enter .
the atmosphere was very noisy , with voices clamoring to be heard above the din coming from the area where several men were cooking in a sectioned off commercial kitchen .
there was no climate control of any kind in the kitchen area and they were perspiring heavily already .
around the kitchen area they could see more and more people arriving to eat their meals and the noise level never decreased for even a second .
i do not serve in the eating area though .
i took some personal time when i should have been supervising the cleaning of the personal grooming areas .
peeking in through a clear screen to the front room , alessia saw nerena sitting quietly in the living area surrounded by officers of the martial scientific force , forced to listen as a small council representative explained why they had descended upon nerenas home .
undina had a still of him sitting on a table in the living area of their home ; hinev had memorized every line of his fathers face , but he only knew it within the confines of the still .
hinev wandered around the observation area , searching the crowd that lounged on the deck , enjoying their first glimpse of the nearby sumar cluster .
moments later , the transport headed through a wide yawning air lock and into a cavernous area just inside .
and it was clear that this small area had once been the engine roomthat it could be possible to create a small engine to carry this great ship .
head for the uncontaminated areas of the ship and seal them offit is the only thing for our survival . ''
many of the other seynorynaelians , fearful after what had happened , and unconvinced that they too would not be affected by the strange virus , kept awayin the great bay and areas on the other side of the ship .
malina struggled to accept the reality that allia had come to visit for perhaps the last time , but she remembered to find her smile and to wear it when she gazed into the living area with its bucolic furnishings and bare , wood - planked wallsand she remembered , how she remembered , the days of her youth in this house .
he could hear sounds coming from the central living area , where ilina and her mother were teaching undina kayrian tradition , the uy - lana contest of concentration and strength .
ettrekh made his way over from the living area of their small apartment on board the shuttle .
then , as the child made a connection which the suspicion clouding his eyes had kept him from acknowledgingfynals remembered the holo - picture in the living area , the picture of his father .
fynals heard a startled intake of breath at the door to the living area and turned around .
hinev was glad they were past the worst of it as he wandered around the observation area , searching the crowd that lounged on the deck , enjoying their first glimpse of the nearby sumar cluster .
they had packed their own raised seat panels for the lounge area , a large , open , unfurnished space in the center of the apartment .
the lowermost unloading area , illuminated only by the artificial glare of fluorescent lighting , had been closed off from the world above , but riliya was pleased to discover the panoramic view from his room 's observation panel .
ilika whispered as iera headed to the meal distribution area and set in a program for the evening meal in the food dispenser unit .
ornenkai asked casually as the two entered his lab and headed for the relaxation area to take a seat .
` ` this area is an open space between the interior and exterior hull , but whatever made the rift in the outer hull also created this floor we 're standing on .
at the end of the long corridor , past more than a dozen intersections and a hundred smaller doorways , they came into a large circular area with the same aquatic design as the corridor they had followed .
the boys obliged , heading single file to the doorway beyond on the far right side of the room , opposite the entrance ; later kiel came to know that this area was even larger than the present room , a place where a humanroid programmed with intelligence directed each boys training at an information grid .
she stood , not retreating a step from him , as the other elders moved to another leisure area , the servants following behind .
ornenkai was seated on a chair in the lounge area .
as he walked down the pedestrian thoroughfare to a neighboring building , he turned the corner and into a shadowed area .
hurbef walked across the empty courtyard , through the tranquillity of the guarded imperial forum and into the diplomats access area , then turned the corner of the arboretum , and headed past the partitioned access of the elders forum .
the clone , however , remained several moments longer in the holding area , gazing up the side of the towering space vessel before it left .
selerael felt overwhelmed by the density of living beings in the confining space and decided to head down the moving corridor past the main passenger holding area and into a less - traveled section of the upper levels .
standing under the holofield that identified the many holding areas , she stared up at the sign that marked the holding cell for the two grounded ships narae and hernendor .
i followed him to the lunch area where we saw the other kids .
there was a ropes course , an obstacle course , and a weight lifting area on one side of the room .
we moved from there until we had passed the lunch area and began looking for stairs .
we had walked for several minutes when we entered a dimly lit area , so we had to slow down .
when we got through the door , we saw that we had entered part of the robotic assembly area again .
we went back down to the dungeon area , and ran down one of the corridors .
we opened another door that went out into the main dungeon area .
i tried to remember everything we had seen back in the computer area , picturing every detail .
i raced back to the computer area .
the truck bed had been modified in a haphazard fashion with sheets of plywood laid across the open cargo area to create a platform .
his family did insist those invited to the memorial have a meaningful connection to drake , so deep surf provided security to verify everyones relationship to the deceased before entering the memorial area .
the first thing he noticed were the columns of steam and smoke rising from the mining area in the back .
* * * they re moving closer , someone called out from the back of the ships large docking area .
the surgeon asked as the gurney sped into the triage area of the field hospital .
the city consisted of numerous separate pods , each miles in diameter , arranged in a rough hub and spoke pattern , with a large central area consisting of greenways , common areas , and water features .
clearing the seat of the fallen manuals with her forearm , she wedged herself into the floor compartment , tracing the floor until she found the small ridges outlining the tool area .
dryer led his men to the staging area of the airlock where they climbed into their spacesuits .
i plan to walk the market area to see if i pick up any other information , then tonight well do the deed and be on our way .
a big open area , with dust and dirt as its main vegetation , housed five big pachyderms that stood in the sun and flung dirt onto their backs with their trunks .
susan led us out of the infirmary area and back to the main zoo .
two pumpkins coming right up , susan said and went to her little storage area off from the main pen .
we came out into a main reception area and stopped dead in our tracks .
she was in her own little bubble of water and as i cleared the tank with her , a guard came into the area and stood in shock .
there was a reception area and we were given guest passes that allowed us to roam the facility for an hour and see if we liked what we saw .
each ship was a structure or building in the city , the surrounding areas collapse as each ship took off .
the guards go in first , and lead him to a large room with a single lit area , like a spotlight on the floor .
there was another woman in the sink area when she came out , so leeza fiddled around with the contents of her purse until the lady went into one of the stalls .
the young blonde eased her way to the open area in the living room where she would have the space she needed .
she had several security cameras covering every area of her apartment , and hidden knives in many strategic locations .
for example , you said the contents of my brain had been downloaded into an indestructible data storage area .
in addition , there is a golf ball sized data storage area , which is far more than you will ever need .
stretched out before her was a very , large open area filled with tables and chairs , and several big screen tvs hung suspended from the ceiling in different locations throughout the room .
in front of it , and to the left was a dance area .
when the girls were nice and clean , she gave them a white silk robe to wear and took them into the luxuriously furnished bath area .
brenda then took them into the main area where there was an enormous waterbed .
the second floor was split between the area for the princesses of the golden ring , three recently finished apartments , and a large common area .
the second floor was split between the area for the princesses of the golden ring , three recently finished apartments , and a large common area .
master red had his apartment and work areas on the third floor .
they appeared to be moving into the upstairs area .
master took the reporter on a tour of his living area and she was very impressed with the expensive furnishing she saw there .
after finishing the meal , he took her on another tour of other areas on the third floor that she had nt seen yet .
adjoining the exercise room was a nicely furnished area with a large hot tub .
the nightclub manager then took leeza on a tour of the living quarters and the common area .
everything was nice and quiet except for the incursion of five furry intruders in a storage area on the first floor .
the next morning leeza sat in the common area with amira and listened as she told her life story .
after she went in the back and changed into her disguise , he did nt recognize her at first when she came back out into the bar area .
her father had chased her out of the strange area , and it was the last time she was ever been in there .
degi showed her the blood spattered area where his enemies were strapped down and fed to his hungry little army of rodents .
she walked into the next room , a dining room area .
there was the kitchen , a den area , and two small rooms she thought looked like home office spaces .
there was a tv set up in the den area .
racks and aisle shelving were tipped , or shoved aside , sectioning off areas .
there was a horrid odor coming from her right , from the area under the ` ` restrooms '' sign .
stealth had made the suggestion to pepper the new living areas liberally with porn , but that had n't gone over too well with the town council .
so on one trip through the research area , she passed a doorway with a split door .
they passed through a reception area .
at the next corner , they turned down a narrow street and pulled into a parking area .
below him was an immense cylon staging area and he had flown right smack into the middle of it .
lieutenant jolly , who had been alerted to apollo 's arrival , joined them in a dimly - lit corridor that connected the liner 's two baggage areas .
as he stepped into the reception area , he noticed with annoyance that an absurd gilt sign spelled club elite over the doorway leading to the level 's inner sanctums .
apollo had traveled on a luxury liner a couple of times , when there were no sensible accommodations available , and he did not recall from either rof those trips anything approaching the ugly embellishments that decorated the reception area .
` ` the fella here does n't seem to want to let us into the club area . ''
they traced a circuitous route to an area of the ship that apollo had only visited two or three times in his entire tour of duty aboard the galactica .
after apollo had entered the shuttle and the gangway had retracted and she had been ordered back to a safe area , serina held boxey 's hand and watched the shuttle take off .
when they had almost caught up with the boy , the daggit turned into a dark area in the wall that looked like a shadow .
starbuck wondered what their running amok was all about , when he heard a deep rumble from the ground area .
he had to carry me to the waiting area of the jail over his shoulder .
sylvia shows a press badge to the police officer guarding the crime scene area near an array of yellow tape .
jamess mind raced with the colors of the spectrum as he gazed inward again seeing the courthouse above them , the exterior , the rooms where they were sent for arraignment , the booking areas , the holding cells , a lounge where guards played poker and smoked cigars while cracking jokes of their latest collars .
she smirks beckoning to the cards and the immense amount of lab equipment on the table and in the surrounding areas spanning for the entire length of the large room .
she got up and walks to the living area and peeped across the room to the front door .
they walk in and to a back room where roy showed them into a secret passage he revealed behind the pantry in the large fading kitchen area .
the next morning , drax is taken up to the decks of a loading area for trucks and cargo vans .
in the open atrium of the central complex , a large red carpet surrounded by marble pillars and gilded seating and architecture , statues , and objects decorating the area like an expensive hotel lobby , a large - scale painting of the sistine chapel ceiling replica raised above the heads of the many people standing in the center .
there was a large square table resting in the distance towards the back areas where there rested a map of the area and two people stands in the midst of a detailed conversation .
in the situation room , a small area , surrounding a long brown table with a map emblazed on it , the two group leaders alana and daryl talk to the foursome about their unbelievable adventures .
this area must be a krilla 's den .
carefully , we turned out of the dome 's main area and down a side annex .
by now , i was at the office area so , pointing out the filaments to rmerr and clemency , we rejoined safely .
3 when they walked into the pizza place , they saw a new guy back in the kitchen area .
rev stepped into the small entrance area , and saw the three women from the porch sitting in the living room .
then a pompous little manager swooped into the checkout area and made a beeline for dylan .
the manager nodded to the ex - speaker , then to camera mounted across from the checkout area .
as soon as he approached the speedy checkout area , the people there began to cheer again .
they sat down in the waiting area with other sick - looking people and things .
this area is really for the guests .
after searching back and forth through the entrance and outdoor eating area three times , chloe retraced her steps on the sidewalk all the way back to the hotel .
she hoped he was through with his just one thing because she did nt think she could take any more and not explode into tiny bits of misery all over the waiting area .
charon , take them both to the holding area until i decide their fate .
the prince instructed me to take him with the girl to the holding area , charon said reaching out to grab back panahasi .
the carpet looked as if it might have been gray at one time , but large streaks of black and brown ran through all the high - traffic areas .
i jumped out of the car , ran for a set of umbrella - covered tables that decorated the outdoor eating area of the hotel restaurant , and sat in one of the chairs .
the entrance foyer was designed to move you right past the bar area , as it was a large oval shape with the bar in the middle .
the foyer ceiling was a dome that appeared to be fifty feet above the floor , with the largest chandelier he d ever seen dangling all the way down into the bar 's mixing area .
they 'd drink out their sorrows in the bar areas and would probably turn to the regular gambling areas to get their fix .
they 'd drink out their sorrows in the bar areas and would probably turn to the regular gambling areas to get their fix .
it was a display area , full of expensive and gaudy items that was enough of a tourist attraction in its own right .
some parts of the ship were open to the vacuum of space and it was only these areas that were eerily empty .
two decks had collapsed onto the one they were on , and even now several areas were still on fire .
the first clans had already finished their personal interviews and were now responsible for setting up the banquet area .
as my eyes danced over the smiling , laughing , eating huddles dotted all over the open gathering area , most of the beaming faces were unconsciously tilted heavenwards like a field of flowers responding to the suns charm .
the banqueting tables had been removed from the centre of the field , and we sat informally on the ground scattered around the open , circular area roughly the size of an athletics track .
for a fleeting few seconds , the vast gathering area was filled with nothing but our collective breathing .
the ground area was similar in size to our gathering place .
as they walked around the temples base , an area the width of several structures of kaskal , she saw no entrance , no opening in the massive rock bricks that piled one on another toward the sky .
their apparent leader , a creature much larger than any others size , sat on a massive throne in the center of the raised area .
boulders of stone littered the temple floor as sunlight covered the center area of the chamber .
julieth asked as riad moved and she followed , toward the elevated area where the ruler sat .
the heat resonating from the man in the center area was great , catching ivanuss breath in his throat and making it hard for him to take full breath .
riads cybernetics glowed as he inspected a bath area nearby , returning with no insight .
ethan took emma 's hand and they walked toward the bar area .
* * * * * ethan surveyed the construction area as fast as he could .
they reached the opening of the construction area where she caught sight of a few men evacuating the site .
` ` the nuclear explosives are kept in the most protected area of the armory .
the area is lit up by the light of the screens leaving most of the space in semi - darkness .
it was the time of day where they would set up tables and chairs on the patio areas outside , in anticipation of happy hour .
to his right was discovery cove middle school , an unfenced area of one - story brick buildings .
from the main gate , julie usually met him at a nearby curb where there was a shaded bench area .
as they made their way to the other side of the building , they noticed a one - lane road leading into to a maintenance area .
the wheeled chain - linked gate to the hanger was opened as well , allowing them to enter the area without issue .
two electrically operated doors controlled their passage through the airlock area and then , nodding to the area 's two gatekeepers , they moved on and out into the institution 's open portal .
the coffee in this place was american - style revolting , colored dishwater , so i finished the sports section without ordering a second cup , paid the waitress who had mistakenly sauntered into my area en route to the toilet , and , unhindered today by any additional survey - takers , i lit up another cigarette and set off along the strand , so named , by the way , because it used to border on the river thames until we cemented everything up .
the ground floor reception area was unmanned today , and so i just took the elevator up to the obrix consultants ' suite on the first floor , and pressed the buzzer .
i arrived at the royal strand towers about 10 minutes early and decided to wait a few minutes in the reception area , still raining hard .
here they can wait for up to ten hours without food or water before they are moved into the plant 's ' live - hang ' area .
i bought the ticket and drove through to the loading area .
i took the elevator to the third floor and went into the lobby area .
back at the hotel , i ordered a coffee in the lounge area , finished the iht and went up to my room .
i humbly accepted praise for the employee wage deal and everything else , we said our goodbyes , and i headed out into the reception area .
the dining area was fairly large and fairly full .
then we went down to the river and i had two coffees and three more cigarettes at marie - anne 's and i read my newspaperexactly ninety conflict deaths todaywhile mr . brown bounded , jumped and sniffed his way around the park area .
the reception area was modern and the air - conditioning was modern , but everything else wastraditionally musty , i suppose you would say .
i bought my ticket and i hung around in the terminal , an area which could be mistaken for a cage of enraged local gorillas conducting a civil war by loudspeaker , until we were allowed to board .
` ` oh , '' he replied , ` ` repairs and maintenance to a small motor launch i keep down in the yacht area .
i went into the outer office area and asked pedro .
i had a coffee nearby , there is always somewhere nearby where you can get a coffee in spain , i smoked my pre - meeting cigarette , and i entered the company 's reception area at two minutes before the appointed hour .
it was basically a big warehouse with an office area accessible through a small side door .
there was no reception area and no receptionist , blonde or otherwise .
back at the hotel i showered , changed , and went down to the outdoor bar area .
i personally am toying with the idea of one day creating snakeman , a cold - blooded limbless hero who would experience truly bizarre adventuresincluding perhaps also an on - off affair with lizardwomanand she went out half - backwards and sat down at her desk in the open office area .
he turned to the small alcove sitting area the officer indicated , and looked around while finishing his biscuit .
the elevator they boarded opened onto the assembly area where all six hundred and twenty five members of winthrop company stood for briefing .
they all un - clipped their helmets from the back of their belt , put them over their heads , sealed , and clipped the final lock in place to make a unanimous click which echoed through the assembly area .
hilo went to the side toward the haav staging area .
harlin led the platoon to the staging area adjacent to the rsbt launch platform .
he took them across the staging area to the portable outpost .
he followed her to the main patient area ; she pointed to the left once she passed through the door .
the cockpit and harvester control area was on the front side and was a large canopy dome , much like the oast phoenix war plane .
he was the only one not walking toward the mcp docking area .
he was alone on the skiff because everyone was riding to the docking area and not yet away from it .
inside the front door was a small sitting area which melded into the kitchen only divided by a fold away dining table .
harlin gestured to his small sitting area , but they were too excited to sit .
when he found his destination , he was escorted to a waiting area by a young lieutenant commander .
in the center of the room was a casual lounge area .
he recognized the faces from the waiting area , but eventually clarkson , watane , and freiot came into being .
its typically the same time as the imf , so ill meet you in the docking area foyer at zero eight hundred .
kajo is likely going to watch most of alpha stage from the launch command observation area , ballard said : keeps us in the loop .
ballard led harlin to the observation area where tarquini had taken kajo .
he climbed over jane to look into the passenger area where the other two doctors were huddled .
ballard come in , harlin said , sweeping the area with the smg .
harlin was in the passenger area using his external speaker to talk with the copilot , perez , who had lowered his chair to the entry position .
i thought about getting out of the room and the milky membrane melted away , revealing a black ten feet high rectangular dark area .
alexis told me that he would get a safe area set up for me to train in .
[ day 2970 ] william caught me in the dining area and asked me to become his wife because we were a match made in the belt , and he had already fallen in love with me .
however we needed to move our honeymoon module further away from j5 before any more damage was done to the area .
a wall had been knocked down in the kitchen to create an open - plan living area for their family , and as i stepped inside i found that the lounge was connected as well .
pearl , lisbeth and the three davies girls strode inside , leading us through a wide hallway to the main dining area .
lainies bravery began to fade as we descended further into the house , turning into the living area and the adjoining kitchen - dining .
on a nondescript floor , the elevator stopped and the three terrorists entered a secured area using blackout technology that washed their profiles from the cameras in the halls .
he entered the correct door to a place sparsely decorated as a waiting area , and in the adjoining hallway he was greeted by small asian women while others roamed the living quarters as if in the presence of royalty .
the particular area to which i was taken was a circle of cells surrounding a middle open area that was used for persuading the prisoners to convert .
the particular area to which i was taken was a circle of cells surrounding a middle open area that was used for persuading the prisoners to convert .
pressure testing the living and working areas of wonderland taught us that the laser drills sometimes malfunction and that even solid rock leaks , no surprise there .
frederick then explained that the system was in effect before to control data access from public areas and keep supply inventories .
he gave me a brief tour of the main work areas and then into the weapons sector .
soon , the tunnel opened into a wider chamber with light coming in through a hole on the ceiling and illuminating a round area of floor near a corner .
sitting in the waiting area , lashonda studied the paperwork .
the black cat nurse , nelly , poked her head through the door into the waiting area .
chapter five as the sun set and the shadows of the evening crept in , amelia followed the young girl through back passageways of area seven .
she led the way to a loading area , which contained all sorts of large steam engines ready for installation , and where an enormous and curious devicea long , flat platform on wide , rubber - studded wheelsstuttered and hissed .
a small group of people dressed in rags sat in a dark and secluded area behind one of the plas - tunnels .
john burst out of the burning area from a parallel aisle with a screaming kid in his arms .
i would find myself in restricted areas and did not have the right skills to get myself out of trouble beyond sticking someone to the floor or making their clothing constrict them precisely enough to impair their mobility so i could make my getaway .
what i did learn from damasio , was to look for areas that my counterpart within the followers might target in order to put my mom in a coma .
when i went to the nearest break area to look for physic granule sustenance to augment my granola bars , i found pauline napping in a chair .
for some reason , she decided to be more direct on that night when we ate her casserole in the break area at st . joseph 's hospital .
it led to an open area on the second floor where there were restaurants , general purpose rooms and more escalators .
john informed us that all of them seemed to be down in the locker area .
thone and cohen were my primaries , but we expected them to spend very little time in the bench area if our plan went as expected .
when i saw the area i most suspected was the integration center become active , i broke open the machine 's neutron receptacle .
i walk out of the bathroom and into the living area to the only window in the room .
we went back into the living area and my eyes were glued to the television .
i just hope it is nt completely closed off to the main seating area where i will gain access to the stairs .
the day of the coup , a regional pakistani general in charge of a battery of missiles followed orders and relocated 12 missiles to the storage area .
they modified the cockpit area and increased the performance of the plane ; with no pilots there was no body to black out at 15gs anymore .
smiling , cals started to jog back to the training area ; she had a few more things do to here before the big show begins .
his basic plans to refurbish and upgrade the areas in sochi was opposed by most for it was excessive and diverted a lot of resources to only his chosen companies .
after the first pass the planes made a second pass at low level targeting a few other key areas that had staff loyal to the late president .
once the rest of the building was secured the barricaded areas were stormed .
decked out in full combat gear , with a special forces platoon as guards , who were on a joint training assignment , she approached the area of the rift gate .
one of the first things he noticed walking in to the meeting area was the pair of blue skin humans in white body armor .
less than 1 hour later the first units now full of energy and looking forward to the next challenge with some new friends were entering the blocking area .
the area beyond the gate was a huge base and supply area , thousands of people moved around , vehicles of varying types , some easily recognizable from shape or current jobs and others they could only guess at .
tomorrow the first class will arrive , we have weapons ready for them and the training area prepared .
plans were still being worked out , but the goal was to create a think tank area that would work between the hellfists and the russians in a secure and unbreakable communication area .
plans were still being worked out , but the goal was to create a think tank area that would work between the hellfists and the russians in a secure and unbreakable communication area .
much smaller than those on unity 3 , the joint human - eg was designed to provide both defense and warehousing space , in addition to the new training and repair yards a large team of construction crews and equipment were already on site and preparing new runways and beginning foundations for the walls and main areas .
the armories and many other key areas were destroyed .
standing in the resorts stage area and looking dignified in a power business suit governor smith was ready .
usa watching the broadcast from a secure area near new orleans the president was impressed .
yes mr . president we are , our boys have cleaned out a few areas and will be ready for the new arrivals .
primarily used as a training base it could easily handle air force elect , pulling into a secure hangar at the edge of the air field the passengers disembarked while ground personnel directed the passengers to a vip area .
a few minutes after entering the vip area and once most people had a chance to go to the bathroom director renlod dressed in a black suit , black shirt and black tie with an overcoat along with his agents similarly dressed entered from a side set of doors .
surprised at the entrance she quickly composed herself , she already had plans to remove him as director ; while it would be easiest just to brush him aside , in this public area she must at least make a show out of it .
many were held in comfortable areas and easily cooperated .
he already knew the area that led to the corner of the building where the stairs and elevator were was missing .
with a near identical floor plan as their own , minus the security vault , the area where the kitchen should have been had collapsed into the floor below .
he placed the glass through the space of the door in such a way so that he could see into reception area .
` ` i met you behind the shopping area , remember ? ''
` ` the shopping area is just down this street . ''
designed to explode and send the burning gel to other areas to set those other areas alight .
designed to explode and send the burning gel to other areas to set those other areas alight .
new - earth miniseries interceptor bays : the area where interceptors land aboard carriers , cruisers and destroyers .
and so all the dark destroyers went to the eating area , which had been expanded to fit all the new soldiers .
arek continued his walk up the street , over the hills where announcements were made , past the outdoor eating area , and finally stopped by a pile of hay .
mordon stood up , stretched again , and entered the cooking area to get the plates , which he would set around the table .
that was where lilly was pushed screaming and crying into the exam room alone and the others were led into different areas .
we kicked it into gear by soaking what was left of the sheets with the leaking water and spreading it all over the area just inside the door .
a door down the hall creaked open as we sat in the shitty waiting area , bringing us all to attention .
as it staggered into the waiting area , the lights flooded its face and we were able to get a good look at it .
we found a small common area with a few vending machines inside and , since there were no obvious threats , took a seat at one of the tables for lunch .
we were making our way through the dining area when jessica caught my hand .
as she moved toward the curtain dividing the treatment areas , gail bent down for a moment to pat dorina reassuringly on her knee .
when dorina looked down at the floor , she saw a hole where she could look down into what must have been the basement area of the building .
to arrive in the dining room area she had to cross over an artificial brook on a tiny wooden bridge .
the waitress , however , loomed in the area of the tables on the other side of the restaurant .
he lowered down into the recessed area of the console , touching a large dial .
it would nt take long to make it back if he followed the motorcycle tracks out in to the dessert area over the heaps of metal stuff .
` ` we have him set up in the observation area . ''
as he finished the last flight of steps , he was scanned and then allowed access to the quarantine area .
most of it was just living space and storage areas .
he heard the sound of voices outside the waiting area .
dirk closed the door and sat back down in the waiting area .
he stood up and walked back to the eating area of their small apartment .
dirk pulled the ship out of the docking area and started towards the prison facility keeping dale under .
he tended to stick to two or three rooms , though , so maybe they would see each other more frequently if he ever bothered to wander into the other areas of the house .
if we stay in the public areas , we should be fine .
to one side of the room were a large desk and office area .
the maddox seat - - the next day -the camera starts as a young lady is buying her lunch and follows her out to the eating area where she passes mindy and trisha .
yes i knew stuff like spitting on the floor or visiting off limits areas but its red tape after red tape , rule after rule for everyone from doctors to janitors .
patient ab268dge7778 registers and reenters waiting area .
sitting in the middle of the cargo area , alone , reading a newspaper was the wild card .
whenever you have any situation of quote unquote leadership which exists with unrestrained authority there will always be others behind him or her but not necessarily behind , maybe in a shadowy storage area somewhere under a smoke rifle factory , planning and talking outside the gaze of said unrestrained authority .
adam sat up , squeezing his eyes a bit with rested hands and looking out from the small window placed in the crew area of the colonial chopper .
his report was quickly squashed for a moment as two goliath units , their clanging steel exoskeletons distinct , entered the bridge area .
a small area of its rear - facing side was subjected to non - stop darkness as it sat in the shadow of the system 's network of suns .
moving quickly back to the area in which they 'd be able to communicate with the group holding tight at their shuttle .
it 's complete area less than two - feet wide .
dalton replied , standing from his seat and making way to the pilot 's area , which lay at the front of the shuttle and seemed a bit more wide open .
as the shuttle slammed down onto the hard soil of the drift planet without warning , nearly throwing dalton from his harness and irritating him further , the smuggler glanced back to the pilot 's area .
hoping to get out of the crew area before his temper got the best of him and it went to fist and cuff .
the first hard shot zinged through unannounced , ripping into the large transport and gaping a massive hole into the cargo area which began to vacuum supplies into the dark of space .
as commander regent stood on the god of war 's bridge area , he thought of a fight to come .
it 's large interior being used as a staging area .
beyond that a tarp formed small curtain screening another twenty - five gallon bucket for human waste and the storage areas .
he picked up the key that had become far more sword like since the fusion and thought about the area above the council 's chamber in the air .
the warehouse itself was a huge , three tier storage area with cris crossing catwalks on the second and third tiers .
so i closed in my haven awareness around me so that it was only a few feet around me and then in my mind i pictured the area between the training room and my room .
i followed his voice down the short , door lined hallway , to a small sitting area with two comfortable looking chairs .
at times she might test my defensive spells with an attack , or show me the effectiveness of a spell by having me attack , but that was the extent of our physical exchange in the combat area at least .
the personnel door to dock six opens automatically and the two biosynth step through , ascending a ramp toward a platform and railing over looking a huge cavernous area .
` ` let me show you to our exhibits , '' she smiled and gestured towards the hallway that lead back into the public area .
the little group advanced towards the common areas with the polka dotted hat lady leading the pack very self - assured and bellicose while the rest of the visitors followed rather unconvinced , wishing they could spend a little more time watching a cat hunt disappearing rocks .
` ` oh , i will be so thrilled when i finally get the wicked bouncing on the mirrors puzzle , so we can get instantaneous access to this area ! ''
sister roberta rotated and zoomed the image to focus on the unfinished area .
and though wesley rushed quickly to the small bridge area , he stopped for a few moments .
they saw our gatherings in the parks and public areas as a needless security risk : all those peoplejust mixing and , and , sitting around looking at damned dragons !
rather than head for the nearest large public area and take the demonstration to the next level , at some point the people always broke up into their neighborhood teams and headed peacefully to their customary park or small square , where the dragons were waiting .
he was doing his best to keep his composure , so that he could make it to that area but to actually get into the lab would require permission and a reason which he did nt have . , as he turned the corner , there it was , with the sign above the doorway that was in front of him testing laboratory : authorized personnel only .
nameys external lights were no longer sufficient to penetrate into the darkness ; the hollow area was simply too big .
they walked for a few minutes , passing through a second larger portal into what was clearly a reception area , with a long counter against the far wall and a few chairs and tables scattered around .
the hall opened up into what was obviously a common area , with a bar , comfortable chairs and couches and tables , and even a small stage tucked into a corner .
only to be stopped by the closed airlock door in the reception area .
ben rushed through the store and into the stocking area where he donned his apron and began to work .
the main area of the basement was just an open space with no furniture .
there was a small furnace area on the right , and just beyond that was a pair of bedrooms side by side .
ben walked over to an area he had not really explored up close before the fireplace .
out of curiosity , ben walked past the bar area and through the furnace room .
as we climbed farther inside the central area of the ship the less scavengers we saw .
shouts from various areas of the ship sounded .
the awning over the receiving area had tumbled down like a deflated circus tent .
after travelling down a dozen decks and skirting the engine room , perry stops at the disembarkation area .
they smiled at each other , unsure of where to put the foil and the extra food , realizing that we had nt exactly pulled up to a comfortable rest area .
as for the bed , the spread was thick , and i contemplated calling the reception area for something thinner .
there was a little area to the side where people probably got changed .
there was also a larger common area that served as a combination galley , conference room , recreational area , and any other activity requiring more than the dozen square meters of a hutch .
there was also a larger common area that served as a combination galley , conference room , recreational area , and any other activity requiring more than the dozen square meters of a hutch .
a secure electronics compartment next to the common area contained the hardware for hoover and the base 's communications equipment , while a storage room had enough supplies stuffed into it for a six - month stay .
bax steered juls towards the common area , a corner of which contained the autodoc , their semi - autonomous medical system .
mumson was strapped down as he had started twitching and jerking uncontrollably shortly after they brought him into the common area .
he led them back out of the holding area and introduced them to tenji and skadi .
it goes down into a little store room in a loft above the main storage area .
the smith greeted her warmly , and led her back to the rear of the forge area .
aerlid entered the common area on the ground floor where the ice box and wood stove were located .
a man , the ticket checker in fact , walked out from one the wings and onto the centre of the performing area .
they went perhaps halfway down the room before jillia stopped beside a curtained area filled with three beds .
no area was elevated above any other , so it was difficult to get a good idea of the space .
this is the sleeping area .
messenger spoke to the assistant , who with a smile , began leading them to the private bathing areas .
if you will follow me , we will take this path to our lunching area .
the bayside area was closed off .
riley merely needed to round this tent and another to find herself in the common area .
riley strode purposefully over to gakra , who was holding court in the cleared , central area .
the condo had two screened - in sun porches which he could easily break through and jump ten or twelve feet down to the pool area , if he had to .
he stood inside the small screened - in porch off the tiny dining area .
i am sending your request for a large meeting area to the madam secretary .
my parents tugged me in the opposite direction , urging me to hurry to the dorm area before i missed the presentation .
marcus ushered jon into the living area and offered him a seat at the small , ripple - textured ebony couch .
then shell stall in the entry area to make sure she s the last person in .
there was a movement , and the three mercodians took several steps into the center of the bar area , separating out to flank the width of the narrow room .
the center area had a well - polished mahogany table with six chairs around it .
there is a small sleeping quarters , with five beds that strap down in zero gravity , one small office area for all of us to use , and of course our chairs that are latched to the floor with glass to watch the outside of the ship through .
build a room for the three of us , and an office for me , and an open area in which i can have a dock and a beacon .
he toed the bars aside , paced the area .
along the right wall was the prep area .
he walked across the room and into a small kitchen area with a gas stove and a small refrigerator .
after the food was ready , he took the bowl with him out to his living area and sat down in a large , plush arm chair .
he then made his way across the living area and into his bedroom .
he hurried out into his living area , grabbed his helmet and gun and proceeded out of the door and down the stairs to the main hall .
finally they came to an area that looked safe enough to climb down .
just as the briefcase hit the marble , he heard the sound of an engine moving quickly , nearing the area .
alice looked down at her flannel shirt , cargo pants , and leather boots , the clothes that her father had given her from one of the bags he brought with them to the cabin when they made their escape from the inner circles living area .
the same exact procedure was followed here , and after a short while they found themselves in an open area , lit with dim fluorescent lights .
above them , lining the ceiling , were three rows of long tubes of white light , the only light that was being allowed in this area .
we need to move him into our medical area to give him some fluids and let him rest a while . ''
martin entered into a massive living area with several leather couches .
caleb put one of his hands up to shield the bright light from his eyes that was shining in from the area beyond the door .
the landcraft comes to a stop in the storage area at the corner of the building my quarters are in .
my landcraft comes to a stop in the storage area nearest the ucst corsari .
chapter four tannas smiling as we walk towards the landcraft storage area .
the landcraft slows as the restaurant gets near , eventually coming to a stop inside a local storage area .
we turn to leave the storage area , and i can see the restaurant across the road .
i take a step inside and look around , but the large staging area appears to be completely empty .
i close the door , grab my bags and set them at the edge of the door from the staging area to the ship hallway , then continue down the hallway to the storage bay .
the mana battery is in the staging area .
we get to the door and i point to the staging area .
he nods and takes off towards the staging area .
i m in the vip area of the mess hall trying to clean up a mess .
as we get to the staging area , the goblin grabs my arm to stop me , and pulls me closer .
sorry , boss , but at least you did nt have to clean cake off the ceiling of a vip mess area that was supposed to be clean until some goblin ensign decided to have a bachelor party in there after stealing calgonnels permission .
but , i am surprised that they did nt bring a specially - prepared meal to your quarters or to the vip area .
he nods , so i walk over to the tray replacement area and sort out dishes and cutlery into separate containers .
there are twenty beds with curtains between them , and ten chairs in a triage area .
the elf climbs back to his feet and runs to a storage area to find something better to do .
finally , she nods and starts to walk to the supply area .
getting to the supply area , she pulls out a tub of ointment and opens it .
the only minor differences are the constantly - changing graphic reports at strategic areas for everyone to see , and the huge three - dimensional graph to the center of the room constantly showing the output of the main battery .
i m just finishing the story when we come up on the staging area door , putting us close to the storage bay .
have gimmirs folk move stuff down to the staging area until the battery is free , then take that out and put the stuff back .
i m on my way down to level three to the battalion training area to meet cap and the admiral now .
i turn the corner to the large open area and see dozens of folk sparring with each other .
a ship can only have one captain , however , so gimmir is instead called major and is directly in control of the battalions areas of the ship .
we reach a sparring area near the center of the room where a handful of chairs have been set up off to the side wall .
thankfully , no one wants to talk to me , so i sidestep most of the crowd and hug the wall to make my way out of the training area .
or there s now a volcano where you d planned to dock the ship because the world spins and the docking area is actually on the other side right now .
once she has that , zaxns job is something he calls physics math , where he spells the knowledge of which way the world is facing , where the docking area is , and how we maneuver the ship to get there .
when we get to the staging area , i see that the bay doors are already open and two squads of fighters are outside of the ship .
you re gon na walk with our squads while we walk over to the landcraft storage area nearby , then ya can grab one and well walk back .
about five minutes of marching and a few turns later , we arrive at the landcraft storage area , an open field with about a dozen landcraft of multiple sizes and a small metal shack where a goblin is seated at a holoterminal .
it looks a lot like the storage area at the docking pad .
as we get to the landcraft area , simon breaks off ahead to speak to an attendant and retrieve a vehicle .
these reddish clay buildings are all wider across than the overseers office , but are only one level with occasional second - level bits sticking out of the top at random spots like spikes probably offices or storage areas .
i look around , and it looks like the landcraft storage area by the ship .
that cellar leads out into the kitchen staff quarters area , which is not patrolled during lockdown .
the kitchen staff quarters area has a door that leads to the small dining room , which is almost never occupied .
we turn at a side of the building and ride to the back , where a large storage area is .
i shake my head and scan the rest of the storage area .
the shopping area there ll be a lot of regular folk there .
i think the shopping area is still the best option for me .
as i sit in the driving compartment of unit 5 section bs landcraft , preparing to assault a shopping area building containing an unknown number of gang members , weapons , and my lieutenant who needs to be extracted , i realize that commander rylae westiel , executive officer of the ucst corsari who took her captains test a couple weeks ago , may be learning a new lesson today in the truths of being a starship captain .
based on lc darkmucks information , the shopping area contains four stores a home supply store , a food and farming store , a landcraft sales store , and an off - world trading post , in that order .
as our landcraft roll up to the shopping area , i can see a number of folk by the home and food stores , but the landcraft store between them and our target is practically a wall protecting them .
approximately two dozen landcraft are sitting in the area in front of the store , thankfully separating where well be fighting from the folk at the food store .
i close the wardrobe and head to the staging area .
a number of guard members surround the statue area , where multiple garden paths full of goblin folk branch out .
the area surrounding the tables is large enough for a landcraft to pass through without bumping anything .
when he s out of the staging area , she sighs .
walking away , i map in my head the best way through the ship to stop in each area and get them started on a tech inventory .
they agree to not only complete the inventory on the armory and training area , but also the storage bay since its currently half - full of spellshooters .
i resist the urge to look around at the darkness of the docking area .
anne picked up the tray and crossed the small living area .
jordan paced up and down the narrow space in the main living area .
joel gestured to the lounge area .
they moved into the main living area .
she glanced back at the rest of her squad , who huddled on the benches along either side of the hoppers cargo area , bundled in their heavy winter fatigues and rune - boosted body armor , which was currently painted a mottled pattern of gray and white to better blend with the frozen , urban landscape .
this areas hot as hell , right now !
lanis left gray in charge of getting the team settled in and headed toward the less crowded officer 's prep area .
the units have few vulnerable areas and unless the weapons are powerful it will take multiple hits before a unit is inoperable . ''
spiritwind had recently added a fridge and microwave to the growing kitchen area , increasing his range of potential snacks .
spiritwind turned to the living area and dipped his hand in the ball pool .
a slightly raised area and thirty feet of lush , green , carpet separated the staff from the tiered seating .
jiggery pokery flung the minibus he 'd been forced to support through the same course and headed to the recovery area , which was essentially a spacious field next to the finishing line , filled with barrels of water and several ak - lak - milak stalls : a traditional henchman dish consisting of an entire cow , battered and deep fried , on a stick .
hugo entered the living area of wanton pleasure and paced in a faux , distracted manner ; sniffing the air in bold gulps of honour .
nicole returned to the living area and sat down , trying to avoid suzy 's look of disappointment .
by the time he 'd found his way back to the funk area only spiritwind and a box of chicken remained .
set in ample greenery , with a canal running by its side , benches with attached tables littered the grounds ; a child 's play area sat next to an enlarged version for adults .
numerous tables and communal areas were primed for conversation and mindless debates , the chairs built for comfort over uniformity .
brick nodded at the sofa filled area , complete with wall sized screen at one end and mini - bar in each arm of the furniture .
` ` napping area , as you 'd expect . ''
` ` i may refer to the napping area as my office . ''
spiritwind took a seat amongst the select number of armchairs that littered the area next to the booth , all pointing at different angles , facing away from each other .
it had lost two legs and its back , and the seat area was somewhat loose .
seven heads reacted by making varying degrees of effort to peer around the seating area .
the logia in the communal area were first to be slaughteredtheir screams barely in their throats before the sound was stolen with fierce slashing of metal against flesh .
marcella disguised her awe as they ascended from the servants ' area into the main foyer .
the base , as jett had called it , consisted of this little room , a corner of which served as a dining area , and a wide corridor that led to an equipment room , where they did most of their observation .
a second corridor split off from the observation room , leading to the docking area .
white candles lined the railing , warm orange flames dancing with joy and radiating a gentle light throughout the sitting area .
the sitting area where she had demonstrated her sketching ability to nyssa was no more .
he called back , stepping from the cooking area .
taking a deep breath to ease her body and mind , hanileh joined gaultier in the living area .
how soon they might have to say goodbye a fleeting shadow caught her eye as she turned toward the archway leading into the living area .
` ` she put him in his cradle , but as soon as she joined me in the living area , she felt a need to check on him , '' gaultier said .
he saw what he described as a dark being skulking around the secured areas of the domicile . ''
i mentally counted my current coterie of cats as i headed to the utility area .
i 'll also be watching you at the designated viewing area .
a primary viewing area for approved scientists and others will be constructed one mile upwind from the site .
we 'll not allow weapons at the public area . ''
quinn watched the construction from the designated viewing area for several hours .
` ` they walked into the # twitter developer 's area .
` ` they 're preparing ground close to the public viewing area , '' rachel said .
gradually , oma filled up the entire viewing area .
we are addressing this message specifically to the humans in this meeting area , and generally to the entire human species .
also , thousands of parents are setting up camp in the public viewing area and they 're getting upset .
` ` to parents at the viewing area , stay back for your own safety .
there was not a galley as such , but there was a small area where meals could be made if needed .
following their orientation , they would be allowed to choose other robes or other clothing of their own choosing , but these robes were required in all public areas at all times until the completion of orientation .
from there , they were given a map of the colony showing all the different wings and public areas .
his eyes adjusted almost instantly to the diminished lighting and he saw the space was used as a storage area .
cherry said , ` ` no , but they could be in any of several storage areas .
he quickly marched to the storage area .
this area appeared to be warehouses .
this lit a much bigger area .
rushing from room to room , he opened closets and storage areas .
she knew this area of the ship .
no power was left and only hazy red fires could be seen jetting sporadically from the breached areas of the ship .
the lift started moving , powered by supercooled magnets that pushed against railings that lined most areas of the ship .
they walked into the dining area , where a tablecloth was draped over a heavy granite table bolted to the floor .
secure this area ; i do n't want any of those things coming in from the ceiling or the shadows .
the area was wide and he did n't have enough to cover the whole floor , but this would have to do .
using their lasers , they cut off atomic chunks of the material and brought it back to the assembly area designated behind the wide doorway .
alan gunned the engines and the umbra came to life , covering the area with a layer of dust .
claudia 's avatar , a woman clad in a toga , was projected in many places across the ship , beamed into empty rooms and public areas alike .
it would take some time for argus to reach the launching area ; the medical bay was on the other side of the aurelius and the pipe transports were down .
the dining room is the only area that looks like it has nt been tampered with .
we follow him into a spacious living area lined with floor to ceiling wooden bookshelves .
i walk to the play area and am happy to find no sign of kids .
the first couple rooms i pass are empty , so i poke my head into the kitchen and dining area .
it has spawned its share of weirdos -excerpt from the journal of dr . harold quickly , 2088 the plastic chairs in the hospital waiting area are torture .
as it is monday afternoon , we find the bar area nearly deserted .
i stand on tiptoes to catch blakes eye and i point him toward the back end of the bar area .
i step cautiously into the kitchen area of what appears to be a two - bedroom apartment .
that stall has been made into a work area with sawhorses and a workbench .
he turns and steps back into the main barn area .
she points to the main area of the barn .
we pass into a dining area that s likewise well lit with sun .
while the overall shape of the basket is a rectangle , two diagonal opposing corners have been made into storage areas .
mym opens a trunk in one of the storage areas and hands each of us a wool blanket .
mym moves to the storage areas and begins handing us suitcases and a couple of boxes while blake vaults over the edge of the basket so we can relay the items out to him .
he walks to the gondola and leans over the edge into one of the storage areas .
i veer through the dining area and fumble with the knob on the back door .
he leans into one of the storage areas , hands a cardboard tube to francesca , and then tosses something small and colorful at me .
blake opens it and we enter one of the lab experiment areas .
moving into the kitchen area , i open a couple of cupboards .
i walk over to the sleeping area and notice a handmade quilt folded up at the foot of the bed .
an envelope flings out and sails into the open area on the floor between the kitchen and me .
there was an open space presumably for a lounge or dining area and an open plan kitchen with wooden counter tops which where profusely swollen from the leaking sink pipes .
some of these girls , he waved one meaty hand at the empty stage area , work the other side .
i had to take so much stuff out of the front area of the store , that all the impulse stuff they sell was right there , candy , little radios , and of course flashlights and batteries .
the front area is huge , and dry , more room than i could ever use , so there s no need for me to go into that darkness and find out how deep it goes .
~ lydia quickly gathered her things and moved them over to toms area .
even so , they managed to find boxes of stuff in the storage area .
it had once provided parking for the downtown area of watertown .
follow me , she turned and walked down to the destroyed front window area and stepped out into the bright sunlight .
we can get into the back storage area from here .
there s a whole different warehouse area at the absolute back of the store .
they had talked on and off through the hours , but most of the time they spent looking around themselves at the darkness , even watching the cliffs above them that led up to a large , paved parking area at the back of the public square .
bob got out , came around and unlocked the back of the suburban so mike could set the battery into the rear compartment area .
mike made three more trips until four of the large , deep cycle batteries graced the rear cargo area .
so if there was someone here , they never touched anything inside the store area .
nestled within that hollow lies a small settlement , a low wall of stone and wood protecting the front area .
the room became a hubbub of bets and offers , and the center of the area was cleared out to make room for the spectators .
the corridor mojo was barred from entering was not to a restricted area before .
he took his private elevator down to the garage area , walked across to his lincoln , and drove out of the parking garage , turning right on beechwood .
he rose slowly from his chair and fighting his way through the crowded table area , made his way to the bar .
a smaller single door led off to the right , directly across from those doors , which was the kitchen area , he knew .
to his immediate right , was another set of double doors , and directly across from that a graceful arch led into the living area .
he knew that the doors set into the wall at the end of the hall led into a formal dining area , which also had a small door that opened into the kitchen area .
he knew that the doors set into the wall at the end of the hall led into a formal dining area , which also had a small door that opened into the kitchen area .
he walked down to the far end of the dimly lit entrance way , pushed open the double doors at the end of the hall that led into the dining area , and sent his left hand skittering across the wall for the switch .
frank tried the knob , and breathed a sigh of relief when the door swung open into the shadowy kitchen area .
much nicer than i thought it would be , he marveled as he entered the front hallway from the kitchen area .
he walked back into the kitchen area where he had entered the house the evening before .
he scanned the kitchen area with his eyes , until they fell upon a small white object by the door that led back into the front entrance way .
frank tossed the screwdriver back in the box as he passed it on the way to the living area .
he popped the top on a fresh brew , and drank it as he built two monstrous sandwiches ; grabbed another cold beer , and walked into the living area to sit down .
the dining area had a long oak table , he had noticed , but frank had always taken his meals into the living room at home , or out on the rear deck , and old habits were hard to break .
when he came in the front door , frank quickly ushered the old man out into the kitchen area of the old house .
` ` i was moving the trucks down to the loading area , down the bottom there , and anyway , the ground started to shake and the shaking threw me right out of the cab .
fisch led her down a long corridor past many offices , workshops and a large eating area filled with soldiers .
i can see very little but sea - green smoke pressed against every wall of the demonstration area , searching , seeking a way outside .
a majestic atmosphere hangs around the whole area , as if this library has been undisturbed by the flares and disease and commands respect and admiration because of it .
were not stopped at any point despite several others being told to return to the common areas .
i worry about the glass front , about people seeing me sleeping , washing , and shirtlessbut the building goes far enough back that the house area is concealed by a sea of clothing rails and display tables .
when the area is arranged and tidy to her standards , she lowers herself gracefully to the floor beneath dal and tips her head back , her eyes fluttering closed when dalmar winds a lock of her hair around his finger .
hang on a second , branwell says as i m about to wander to the other area of the house .
that s why when he wakes in the middle of the night with a cry and rushes from the sleeping area of this almost - house , i follow him .
the people were nice enough to introduce me to the different areas and rooms of the building , explaining the purpose of each departmentanything from artificial food production to massive panes of glass said to soak up the energy of the sun .
power has been restored to a small area of the ship centered around the engine room .
situated midway between the crash site and what was to be the communitys industrial area , she and others were working to erect fencing for the livestock .
they entered the living area they called the commons .
` ` let me show you a locker for your things , '' he said heading back to the living area .
after talking a few minutes kion learned that it would take a couple days to get everything lined up , but the entire list would be sent to a holding area at the spaceport for pickup .
` ` have the merchandise at the skysurfer 's holding area .
they head off to their cargo holding area .
some looked like they were for storage and others could be sleeping areas and others community rooms .
it led to an area that let more light onto the forest floor .
the elder led them to a waiting area on the sixty - eighth floor .
kion could only see a limited area of the ships lounge .
thousands of openings up and down the walls led into this area .
the light illuminated his companions on the far side of the area .
well , then , we have to move around this area until we can touch each other .
adam had never seen inside hangar one , but did not question that , seeing as it was the special research and development area for richelieu ; the only thing adam had ever seen come out of it without a military guard was the swan .
they had agreed that dedicating a small area like that area to their research for hart was a better idea than mixing it in with the rest of their clutter .
they had agreed that dedicating a small area like that area to their research for hart was a better idea than mixing it in with the rest of their clutter .
he checked bens room first , but figured it was unlikely that they would be in there , so he checked the drawers in the living area .
there were four two man tents and a larger main tent which they were going to use as a makeshift eating / living area , so everyone had to pair off for the night .
it was one of the busiest areas of the store and this seemed like something perfect to steal .
then i saw cara walk out from the kitchen area .
these areas gave us privacy from the normies and also allowed for us to hide things we did nt want found .
liz looked over the destroyed area that had once been their home .
we walked towards a storage area as ogu continued .
when i reached the end of the hallway , i peered around the corner into the docking bay area .
after i tapped my finger lightly on the side of my blaster , the three men stepped back into the shadows of a dimly lit maintenance area .
an elevator door opened , and we were soon twelve floors below the main portal gates area .
i brought up a diagram of the docking bay area .
when you leave this office , go down this hallway until it ends , turn left , and work your way through the storage area .
i walked into the front of the warehouse and into the office area .
joni turned and fired several bolts from her blaster as the front door to the office area began to open .
the captain was standing in a small cabin area with his arms crossed .
the door to the storage area was closed .
* * * sidney sat in the wood paneled waiting area outside erics office .
the transition from the area outside erics office to inside was pronounced .
sidney reflected on his first impressions of gammons while he waited in the waiting area for eric to admit him .
behind this faade was the production area , known within the organization as the foundry .
nashak to command , we have secured the canteen area , you can now send in reinforcements , she commed .
he sprawled awkwardly in the cramped area , his armour clattered , like dishes being washed up in a busy hotel scullery .
he directed his sergeants to move to the main entrance reception area .
it had an open seating area , which was no doubt what made it attractive to the esstons .
it was a sort of kitchen bar area .
yes , i felt it was required earlier , when i was going walkabout no - one pays attention to a centurion asking for things to be done , unless it happens to be your own ... magen had made an appearance in a few areas of the ship , partly to see how things were going .
he immediately realised that he had left his stylus down at the bar area .
-macbeth by william shakespeare magen strode through the main doors of the hospital section into the reception area .
the reception area was full , full of mutilated men and women .
magen guessed this area was for those that could be treated with the rudimentary primary aid procedure .
the ward was packed , though a bit quieter than the reception area .
seeing there was not much room to spare in that area of the bridge , yicle beckoned the man over .
while were gone , you can chat amongst yourselves maybe even make more coffee , he nodded in the direction of the kitchen area .
but , yes we did go back up to check out the cameras again , and you know we did find a guard leaving the area , and he definitely was nt supposed to be there ... you were able to make out his i d then !
the central area was raised with battlements , or crenellations about it , in case there was any kind of last stand ...
so the only glimpse of this underground area was offered through the opened gates that split the wall .
those pillars there you see are elevators and supports for weak areas , she waved non - specifically at the sporadic black towers , silent and almost invisible against the dark sky without a star .
he swung round the landing area rapidly , unsettled by the lonely silence .
generally this area was for diplomats , nobles and the solaran guard only .
even the lieutenant that had summoned him did not have security clearance to enter this area and magen was , rather had been classed security red .
it was not so much another floor , rather a raised area within the floor .
the high marshal often liked to leave officers waiting in the pool area leaving them feel very awkward .
i ran across the street , seeing the exchange , an area that to all intents and purposes , merely had a group of men standing on a chessboard patio in suits , raising their arms and shouting to gain the attention of several others stood atop boxes .
friendly arms guide me down the last few steps onto the platform area .
whatever it is moving away from me out into the lobby area , it 's big , and it smells worse than death .
the four of them started for the corner and the seats in the press area , but kaitlyn had set her drink down and started for the rear door .
their seats were in the noisy scout and vip area .
when the plane finally landed , she walked briskly through the terminal to the ground transportation area .
a few of the other wives drifted down into the lounge seating area , some of them teetering from wine and champagne .
that player drove one of terrys pitches onto the restaurant area above the bullpen , where natalie had been dangled .
the green run opened up into a bowl area where dozens of other people swished through the snow as they glided downhill .
as soon as the doors opened , gerald led natalie briskly toward the lobby area .
all of the various parents would stake out an area on the floor where they would visit with their child and exchange gifts .
together they helped nathan and suella load boxes and items into the cargo area of the magnavan .
the building lobby felt refreshingly cool and the air smelled clean and floral , causing suella to notice all the potted plants populating the reception areas .
the apartment had been arranged in four quadrants and partitioned with short walls into a sleeping area , a utility area , and a living / kitchen area .
the apartment had been arranged in four quadrants and partitioned with short walls into a sleeping area , a utility area , and a living / kitchen area .
the apartment had been arranged in four quadrants and partitioned with short walls into a sleeping area , a utility area , and a living / kitchen area .
windows for the sleeping area and the living area brought a bright , cheery quality to the little apartment .
windows for the sleeping area and the living area brought a bright , cheery quality to the little apartment .
one load , one trip , suella thought , as she looked at the boxes stacked into the cargo area of the magnavan .
when he set the boxes down in the living area , as natalie wanted he put his hands on his hips and paused for a moment to look everything over .
natalie and davids bed had been delivered the day before , and the two men set it up in the sleeping area .
once that was done , she returned to the living area to sit beside natalie and comfort her further .
they walked out of the bedroom and back into the den area again and jillian suddenly turned to suella and took both of her friends hands in her own .
however , once they passed a divider , she saw that the restaurant had traditional tables and chairs , though they had been fashioned out of bamboo fronds , the seat areas upholstered with satin fabric .
returning to the sleeping area , she took natalies cool hand and said sweetheart , those shakes i left in there are still there .
darius quickly scanned the displays for a transport to the docking area and spotted one towards his right .
the metal walkway he was moving along was the last area inside the atmosphere - filled zone .
the bottom area was full of all the tunings and settings that would be needed to run the machine .
as his sight returned he found himself entering a dark and badly lit area .
he fought the urge to return to the last area and ignore this one .
the area he was entering was dark , much darker than he d expected .
all he could make out was a line of weird and wonderfully exotic potted plants surrounding the pool area , nothing else .
neither of them had wanted to disrupt the quiet as they found the courage to enter the next area .
through the door was a large bar area that served various selections of brightly coloured beverages , all lined up behind .
it housed a row of booths at the back , separated by shoulder high walls that served as private areas for the more serious drinkers .
as nate made his way through the canyon of tables that stood in his way , he kept a curious eye on the bar area .
they appeared quite happy to cavort in the depravity of what passed as the bar area .
past the bar area , the room opened up into three rows of large glass cubes with two seats bolted down in front of each .
they were finally now far enough away from the rowdy group , who had entirely commandeered the bar area , to stand unhindered .
the noise in the room had built up since the group had taken residence around the bar area .
it called for a second relocation , this time to a raised area where a couple of drunks were arguing in some unknown and aggressive tongue .
the raised area would be perfect to display himself to anyone that entered .
nate pointed to the far wall , as far away from the raised area as possible .
nate tapped the arm of a man in a small group at the steps of the raised area .
nate sat at a small round table in the raised area he had chosen , no more than three steps up from the rest of the room .
he dragged camerons limp mass slowly toward the raised area a few metres away .
he found it hard to keep up the momentum as he neared the bar area .
nate pointed to the raised area .
a single light illuminated his area , and one of the two bulbs in it buzzed infrequently .
when the external door opened to his area , the wind blew in with it , usually with such force that it knocked something over .
however , every time he travelled too far from his work area , his communicator beeped .
twin staircases rose from the large room to a higher area .
chapter 20 smoke was rising from the jedi temple in several different areas .
obi - wan stepped into what had to be the industrial area of the viceroys estate .
light poured in , illuminating the area but also casting dark shadows upon the walls .
the corridor opened out into the reception area .
she sat herself down on the floor and actually was dozing when a couple of uniformed female goons yanked her to her feet , and led her down to a shower area , where she was told to disrobe .
someone 's hand covered her mouth , and the hags beat on her for a minute or so , until two more women clad in bathrobes and shower caps entered the shower area from a side door .
raymond fanta , sitting in the tombs waiting area , was tipped off by a friendly nypd detective by the name of dominic vanucci .
down at the far end of the derelict concrete cave was another security entrance to a dank tunnel which led to a small and spartan living area .
when flinth refused to play ball , beedle took an elevator up to the observation area and cashed in his chips there were no cams or witnessesor so they claimbut apparently a gust of wind blew poor old beedle 's skinny little carcass a very long way but he landed a tad short of the river embankment ker - splat !
vacant warehouse , clean , with a bathroom and a living area .
27 : everybody 's naked brenda and iris crossed the wooden bridge and the dirt parking area where several vehicles were parked , including acorn 's vw bug .
how , and when did you manage to switch back when we stopped to use the bathrooms at the rest area .
sure enough , maybe a dozen iron riders were waiting for us down in the parking area .
the front room was a disaster area , full of broken furniture , and a 300 pound slab of beer muscle who identified himself as ' tivo ' .
an army of good - time girls and ' sex workers ' had been flown in by helicopters for the conference , and an overflow of leftover whores had been bussed on over to the press area , where fistfights erupted between reporters and baldenbird security goons .
sighing , the disappointed hookers turned tail and headed back into the press area to look for better prospects .
by the time marsha and the professor reached the press area on foot , both of them were coughing profusely and weeping from the gas .
panted mantis , as the kerenski chopper came in for a landing on the press area lily pad .
soldiers , guards , secretaries , staff , and kitchen workers were streaming out of the castle into the front entry and parking area .
colonel kalashnikov strode through the front reception area , and greeted sascha and fanya , two of the four predannyye sekretari sisters .
marsha portrero , out of breath herself , grabbed shank 's arm and gestured to mike to follow her out behind the fenced - off stage area where a latvian military helicopter was waiting , rotors spinning .
the peasants are restless , chuckled mantis as the captain grabbed him by the arm and hustled him to the backstage area behind the podium .
professor mantis and the captain punched , kicked , and fought their way back through the security area behind the stage , followed closely by phillip hammer and old man prescott .
cursing , edward veered the agusta around and over the baldenbird entrance area , and he saw that hundreds upon hundreds of peasants had overwhelmed the barricades , troops , and goons and were assaulting the building .
outside in the loading area , tammy slit her silver gown all the way up her thigh and hopped onto the back of the busboy 's russian motorcycle .
most of spinner 's hair was burned away by the time they reached the press area , but she otherwise felt just fine .
knowing full well what was coming , she dived into a metal dumpster behind the kitchen loading area .
a long black limousine , several sheriff cars , and a line of motorcycles lined the parking area .
73 : natty danko ' iris sitman ' was downright fidgety as she sat with susan , miss candy , and myself in the arrival area at simi valley airport .
now , if we can find the sprinkler system control for the common areas , we can turn that on .
there were signs on the wall , with signalling the directions for various areas of the building : the presidential suite , where the rulers of the empire stayed , the senate room , where tahkshi met with his ministers , such as cinradahs , and the empire room , where the rulers met with tahkshi .
as he got outside , the grating sound echoed through the area once again , and he flailed his arms to stay upright , but to no avail .
meledrin allowed herself to be drawn to a small dry area in the doorway of a building .
when he stopped to rest , keeble saw a tiny car , hardly more than a foot long , racing along the raised walking area beside the road .
he ran across the parking area and stopped at a high fence , fingers gripping the wire mesh tightly .
a building filled a break in the fence , allowing access from the car parking area to area beyond .
keeble had waited by the airport until night fell and the last cars pulled away from the parking area .
when they were in position she jumped out of the seat and dashed into the cargo area .
on the third level , they went to the dining area .
with the toolbox in hand , he stepped up to the wall and through it into a small recessed area .
the area was sparsely lit by a small window that was letting in a sliver of light through a crack in the blacked out glass .
luckily the tanks were empty and the area was free of bodies and far cleaner than the upper level where they had entered .
we found a large empty storage area that is the perfect place to hide and get some rest , mitch remarked .
once they reached the storage area , they each picked out a spot to sleep for the day .
plasma blasts started blowing large holes in the walls of the pig holding area as the men hurriedly tried to escape from it .
dozens of folks had stopped their daily routine to gather in the large courtyard area of jacento .
when we reach it , our transport is swallowed by a vast garage - like area in the rear .
anthony came from out of the dining area just in time to see the two climb the staircase .
the plant was open twenty - four hours a day , but garrison and his men drove her to an area that was being renovated .
i m full , she announced suddenly , then scuttled off to the living area before either of them could say a word .
naomi was a short distance behind , in the living area , pretending to draw but really observing what was going on between them .
the holoscreen switched on and the low bawls of a pod singing whales basking in the blue ocean light filled the living area .
he followed the trail to the living area and his pulse raced again when the thick bloodstains on the floor came in sight .
a thick trail of blood drops led across the floor of the living area to the adjacent corridor smeared all over the parquetry .
we ducked into the small kitchen area as the door was kicked open .
he nodded at me as i ran out of the apartment to make a quick sweep of the area .
i made a final sweep of the area and felt it was secure before i returned into the apartment to check on kara who was still hiding behind the couch .
i saw one about seventy yards away standing in a well lit area .
this area was relatively empty of people and enabled me to go unnoticed .
` ` we were just in the old storage area in the back .
kara and i ran out into an empty parking area and were thankful that no one was around .
i walked into the dining area and grabbed a bowl of fruit and some pastries .
we stayed in that area for two hours as she stood and took shots at the sign at the end of the passageway .
she circled it and came to a stop in an area lined with tractors , harvesters and other farming machinery .
like a moat , the reservoir framed a courtyard area around the tower .
the others have started going into the common area for breakfast perhaps you should join them .
david left his room and headed for the common area , he met gordon , emma , and megan there .
back in the common area the team continued to discuss the battle from the day before .
yes , i should be able to store approximately fifteen hundred in the five storage areas i have designated for it , ship informed him .
even the fact that originally it had only designated three storage areas but made it five when it realized they were going to need more robots .
yeah , they seem to be fitting in nicely , we may have to get a bigger living area if we are going to keep adding to the team he joked , since their house had become the unofficial team headquarters .
they continued their conversation regarding the new teams and even pulled up schematics of their building since the tables in the common area allowed you to send data from the implant to be displayed on the table top .
yes , i was think the same thing the ship agreed , i have already created a space for them in one of the storage areas .
he selected the dismiss button , it returned to the storage area .
their area would have comfortable rooms around a common area with a kitchen .
surveillance showed there was one docking area open far enough away from the other ships that they should be able to dock without drawing attention .
two teams would enter the docking area one would secure the dock and the other would conduct a search and destroy mission .
to help with the plan they were going to drop some robots into the docking area on the other side of the base and have them start attacking the troops around there , that should draw the enemy away from them while they setup for the actual attack .
the teams lined up to exit out in to the docking area .
surveillance showed there were no troops cloaked or otherwise around the docking area .
phase one complete , time for phase two , the teams filed out into the docking area and fanned out and took up the designated positions .
michael , david , the team commander , and the two squad leaders were all standing around in the ships common area talking about the results of the raid , when david asked the team commander what was wrong .
the teams were all grouped around in the common area of the ship , talking , eating and decompressing before they started another battle .
the leadership was grouped around one of the tables in the common area of the ship .
it was troubling to say the least , all of these bases were staging areas for an attack planned for the defense grid of earth .
in preparation for the mission criteria of the teams , they had converted one of the storage bays they had been using for robots into an open bay bunk area , it allowed the team members to get some sleep without taking away from the staterooms the more senior members of the team used .
by targeting the reactor area of the ships it caused the rector to explode as well increasing the devastation .
at the same time we have two concentrating fire on the area over the reactor and the command and control .
so an extra forty feet or so , with sleeping areas on each side of the bay should make it the right size and still small enough to dock under the flagship , ship informed her .
the new ship with a fresh crew of new recruits set off for the mars region , with only a basher in the bay area and a crew to man it relaxing in the common area along with the weapons crew .
the new ship with a fresh crew of new recruits set off for the mars region , with only a basher in the bay area and a crew to man it relaxing in the common area along with the weapons crew .
when they got into the common area one of them asked the crew members what it was .
after everyone was settled they all came together in the common area of the new ship .
to make matters worse some idiot in one of the safe houses in the mars region sent a ship and a team down to the advanced weapons staging area in the manufacturing facility and they lost contact .
david realized that trying to visualize all of the many floors and possible target areas on the base was still difficult with their current battle interface .
gun design ( 4 ) 360 degree rotating firing nodes the stationary gun would allow robots to be used in other areas that required a more fluid movement and not be stuck guarding perimeter areas and blockades .
the ships would concentrate fire on the command and control areas from orbit and any large gatherings of troops , this included barracks areas .
the ships would concentrate fire on the command and control areas from orbit and any large gatherings of troops , this included barracks areas .
the largest barracks areas were going to be hit at the same time the ships were being hit outside the base .
next to go were all the command and control areas and the remainder of the gun emplacements .
infrastructure , control towers , and communications areas were all targeted .
the teams setup their attacks based on the surveillance they had around the areas of the meets .
david and his team made it to venus station 9 and after setting up a similar defensive perimeter around the inside of their port with alex standing guard from inside ship , they went to the shopping area the criminals had converted into their base of operations .
the man stuttered , private carlson , sir , he is several hours overdue for his shift at the pre - sanitizer sorting area .
he ended up in the motor - pool area where he had climbed into a main battle tank and then locked himself inside .
another sensor confirmed that her master critias slept in a hospital bed in containment laboratory four , which was a no access area for unauthorized personnel .
various trucks and farming vehicles were in the parking area .
he had the option to shoot at lower velocity to be comparatively silent , but experience had shown him that such shots could fail to have the same terminal effect that he got when he blew a ghouls skull completely apart , which even when successful had the added disadvantage that he splattered infectious blood and brain matter all over the work area .
critias thought he understood her meaning , so the garage tunnel and this room is a reclamation team staging area .
the decontamination showering area was directly ahead in the near corner of the castle .
yet another chamber was a like area the outfitters used that related to various weapons , the requisite ammunition , and gadgetry attachments .
in the corner near the door was a comfort area with rugs on the floor , couches , and a wide - screen video display .
after a hot shower in the lobby decontamination area , critias took the elevator up to bobs laboratory to find carmen .
the reception area beyond that room had open doors that led to similar offices .
as critias zombie - walked to the food service area to check for canned food , he noticed the freshly slain half - eaten carcass of a mature whitetail deer that lay in the middle of the hall near the south doors to the outside .
critias left his seat to lead carmen quietly out of the cockpit to the cargo area by their car .
she pointed to the toilet area doors that were the only place left they had not explored , what was worth killing those people for ?
after that preliminary cleaning , the guards offered them a pair of clean automatic pistols to carry with them as they headed off for the showers in the kings tower lobby area .
she moved a step forward and grabbed the wheeled instrument table from next to him , moved it to the washing area , and began placing the used tools into their designated cleaning or recycling containers .
as the dust from pulverized concrete and bricks literally settled , it became easier to see that the deaths were far fewer than the various injuries , and a triage area was being cleared within a minute of the attackers escaping .
those areas were parks situated near large subway stations , the big domed glass ceilings of the main underground boarding area used as decoration .
at the archway it was a standard set up for hubs , which meant they were at a balcony overlooking a boarding area .
just like the smaller boarding area that led them here , there were platforms for people to stand and wait left , right , and center .
the ruffling noise of the fabric was almost instantly followed by a loud klak - klak that echoed throughout the boarding area .
follow the wall to the boarding area when i give you a signal .
a construction light was halfway between him and the closest seating area , a few meters to his left .
there was nothing special in the small waiting area of the soup restaurant , she decided .
with only a cursory examination of the behind - the - counter space , saan went into the kitchen and cooking area through the half open door , and then stopped .
just like the door in the subway station back hall that led to this strange underground area , missing dust or dirt and continuing footprints suggested that people were using these entrances today and for a little while before .
the pebble finally fell , saan almost missing the small thing as it entered the lit area near the candle - filled tables .
after passing the seating area , saan noted a pair of diode lanterns that marked an open door at the corner of the cathedral , which would be their way out , but she continued directly forward for now .
is it just me , or does this place look a whole lot like the meeting area in the stone - state embassy ?
the half circle alcove with people , in this case busts of people , on different levels ; the seating area with wooden benches a path in the middle ; what could be considered a speakers area between and in front of them .
the half circle alcove with people , in this case busts of people , on different levels ; the seating area with wooden benches a path in the middle ; what could be considered a speakers area between and in front of them .
the door would lead to whatever large room he had been running around , and the hallway would let him get out of this general area .
they were shallow steps , the same width as the hall , and the trio did not slow down as they went up , the dsf agents both ignoring safety precautions for areas in which an enemy might lurk around any corner .
at the top of the single flight of steps , they reached a vestibule area that split into two hallways and featured a ceiling almost as high as the caravans office .
at the very least it is a straight line from here to the forge and from there to the living area , she said as she tapped each destination on the cloth map .
a long trough shaped into a three - quarter circle surrounded the anvils , and it made the work area an almost completely separate space from the rest of the room .
a glass - covered display area would be perfect against the east wall in her living room .
he went back to tracking his way out and walked along the left side of the area as if he was in a maze , hoping not to waste time moving back and forth .
down the right corridor he went , past widely spaced doorways on his right that signaled the rooms were all massive , possibly work areas .
why would someone come all the way down here , a secret area that not a single letter of history has documented , just to steal a pattern ?
as they passed the empty sleeping areas he was guided past earlier that day , dastou thought once again about the missing people from trennas camp .
there were five luxuriously upholstered hand - made couches and a few lounge seats in the waiting area to dastous right .
nes nodded to himself in satisfaction at the receptionist area .
saan had already checked the ladies room and the seating area , even taking a peek into the fireplace for good measure , and was walking towards one of the hallways that led deeper into the first floor of the embassy .
saan and nes had been walking back to the saint during his high - stepping , and were a stride away when a series of boot stomps , enough that it sounded like a small crowd running , could be heard coming from the two hallways leading away from the lobbys seating area .
while they crossed the street , following the painted pedestrian path for no reason since this area was empty and closed off for repairs , trenna spoke up .
nes took crawfords place at the front controls as the latter agent moved to the passenger area , holding the grip on the back of a seat to steady himself .
from inside the navigators area , half his forward view was the steel hull of the destroyer , the last in the line of five of them heading for davranis north .
at a nod from the saint through the steering areas window , he hefted it up , aimed , and fired .
this was the engine and maintenance area , and it looked exactly like the caravans underbelly .
andromeda was similar and had gone to the kitchen area to prepare dinner .
only the motion detecting lights came on , giving the lounge and kitchen area a nice dark ambiance .
he presumed she would either be in the shared security force training area or in the house of oxen security office .
unfortunately , he and andromeda were out of them so he went to the bathroom attached to the lounge and dining area .
where should i sit or will i be travelling in the storage area of the shuttle ?
he knocked twice on the bathroom connected to the main area .
there used to be boxes and fabric all over the main room along with a kitchen area in the corner .
there were multiple downtowners in the lobby area of the hostel .
it was true , every other public area in the building was wired save the meeting rooms or a private office or so they were told .
mel and i will come to visit him again after the reconstruction is done , but for now its probably wise that this remain a family area .
they were all sitting still like mannequins in the servant lounge area until proteus finally noticed what he was looking for : the servant kiosk .
he was under the assumption that flick was on a walk , in which case he would miss his chance to see the skyray , but perseus still checked the main area just in case he was there .
man - made lamps and torches are used for illuminating the dwellings and public areas as an additional light source .
loman peered between the horizontal blinds which formed the only means of privacy between his chambers and the reception area .
he asked the men to sit in the lounge area , a comfortable area of excess , situated in the corner aslant from his worktable .
he asked the men to sit in the lounge area , a comfortable area of excess , situated in the corner aslant from his worktable .
she and richardson were reviewing papers she had on her clipboard , their backs to the drawn curtains which separated the stage and backstage areas .
after another search of the backstage area and yet another customer unavailable drone when he dialed molly 's cell , the anxiety began to build .
beneath us is the commercial area where we get our food .
everyone quickly moves their plates back to the table , leaving the eating area as though we ve never been here .
we have a screen in the food area to display the important information from the chancellor , normally new rules to obey even though they are not on the scripture .
people are starting to move around down by the food area , hayden announces .
there are no guards here , and we take off running to the food storage area .
his sleep area in the underground prison facility is pitch black .
the area above my prison is surrounded by an electrified laser dome .
inside the water tower , the travelers had stacked their packs onto a central concrete area which protruded from the water .
the only area we have not searched is inside the water tower .
they piled the sleighs and rucksacks into a luggage area and sat down .
the robot was standing in his cooking area .
fido was now busy in an area he had turned into a galley .
you are advised to keep your suits on even if the viewing area appears not to be underwater , said the voice of the submarine .
when the authorities discover that the underwater cavern actually does connect to mars you will be rapidly hauled off to area 14 a special interrogation area where they specializes in alien dwarves !
the machine abruptly stopped digging and started moving across the plain , dodging around rocks until it eventually arrived at the wall of their viewing area .
the area anderson picked out was at the back wall .
they meandered through the baffled mess until they got to the heated area .
ayanna was put in various areas of the ship to increase her knowledge of it .
through the doorway she could see a large reception area .
the crowds in the reception area had dispersed , so arianne got up and headed for the security border of the central academic funding council administration .
in front of her , a large one - way mirror looked out onto the huge testing area which looked like a miniature post - industrial town with dozens of white mice scurrying around .
sura tapped at the tablet she was holding and water started drizzling from the roof above the testing area onto the mice .
sura ended with a flourishing gesture towards the testing area , but arianne was looking at the around the spartan operations centre with a puzzled look .
arianne looked towards the testing area , and indeed the scene was changing every few seconds .
arianne was suddenly overcome with an outrage at her chronometer ramping up , a languid guilt that her investigation deadline was marching towards her and a perverse curiosity in the experiment running by in the testing area .
eventually she found herself back in the emergency waiting area .
the area around the boatshed plunged back into darkness .
jake swam up to the area at the side of the cave and operated the red knob .
ben knew that this user had already forced its way into the commune and through the commons area , it would be tired , and weak .
as sebastian neared the top of the arch he found whole sections of building had fallen away and he had to press himself against the wall and edge around large unstable areas .
julian -- -julian , come now they will have dragged it to the holding area here .
right before this crossed out area was an area labeled ` ` call center . ''
a small dome shape in this crossed - out area was labeled ` ` disnee 's dome . ''
this had been the administrative area of the museum .
hewlett 's decision to use the call center as a staging area for his military campaign had not helped relations .
the ceiling over this area was grey and water - stained , only a transparent outline of the serpent and the blossoms was visible there .
the halls in this area were plain , with little variance in their shades of beige .
on the other side of the pool , around a corner were more empty shops and a seating area with the metal frames of once - comfortable benches and chairs , stripped of their cushion .
captain deodato still kept his weapon pointed at notice when the impact impacted his ship , after the force of said impact sent him flying across the airlock area , and as his back slammed into the wall on the other side of the airlock area .
captain deodato still kept his weapon pointed at notice when the impact impacted his ship , after the force of said impact sent him flying across the airlock area , and as his back slammed into the wall on the other side of the airlock area .
the force of doubly said impact sent him on a trip of a completely face forward flying flip to unharmoniously land onto his back on the floor of the airlock area .
captain deodato motioned with his gun for notice to stand up but before he could a strange noise filled the airlock area .
the area was around six square yards , three - foot high railings and a 7.62 mm machine gun mounted on a swing mount that was attached to a steel stanchion .
the fact that rei stepped into omcom 's long - term holographic storage area and became mesmerized by the dazzling , sparkling lights is not that hard to believe .
a sitting area ?
the main area was divided up into three sections .
so for the six hours in the middle of a sunny day , an area the size of a small backyard swimming pool ( 48 square meters ) will receive about 288 kilowatts of energy .
the algol is fairly large : you can see there is plenty of area behind the seats for eating facilities , exercise equipment , sleeping and so on .
rei was losing this game miserably when there was a clicking sound that emanated from the grille next to the food preparation area and then minimcom announced , rei , it is ready .
he moved past rome to set it down in the airlock then returned to the dressing area .
trabunel charged forward , away from the landing area .
fridone led rei over to the work area indicated .
while it took four men including rei , they were able to free the chamber and drag it out into the area next to the ark .
entry 2 - 290 : october 12 , 2014 lounge chairs where i write my books , my work area is completely plain .
we see this as soon as rome and rei are escorted one floor down away from the ` ` public '' area .
he walked past the front counter , turned to his left , and entered a quaint seating area .
a young woman rushed in and hastily dabbed ericas face with some powder , then ducked out of the interviewing area , which consisted of two comfy black chairs and a fichus positioned in front of a very prestigious - looking library of history books .
it was clearly the museums office area , containing only two old wooden desks covered with papers and a metal filing cabinet .
i guess that s not a problem , he said , then walked past them out to the museum area .
off to the side was a small office area that jeff used more for storage than for work .
most likely they ll be in the main living area , but we know that garveys office was upstairs .
jeff and dexter sprang into action jeff racing across through the kitchen area to the back of the house , where he threw open the porch door as quietly as possible , letting emeka , still dressed as a colonial , though .
we got the chest free and got it outside into the patio area when dexter all of a sudden ran back into the house .
as he d guessed upon hearing ericas voice , it was two rooms , the first a reception area lined half with books and half with historical artifacts .
the lounge area was empty it was still early .
after getting their sandwiches , which were as big as advertised , jeff steered her up a flight of stairs to a rooftop seating area .
she engaged the camera and held it up to the passenger side window , framing the new skyline in the viewing area .
as they came to the parking area for the ferry , they could see the full new - and - improved new york skyline up close and personal .
jeff had left early and done his best to walk across the square to the area where they expected the truck to be .
kids will be kids and until they learn , everything is new to them '' so mister fat bunny scratches his ears and starts walking slowly towards the mentoid area to clean up the mess .
you can wait in there , she said gesturing to an open area to the left .
it was made of sandstone , the tiled floor alternated black and white like a chess board , and long , heavy , flowing curtains split apart the male and female areas .
they walked across the comfortably padded flooring , around the fire - place and towards the back of the room , where an ornate throne - chair carved from solid wood sat empty upon a raised platform - like area .
julia heard the phone slamming into the receiver and moments later , he walked back into the dining area .
the parking area was empty at the mining office and the lights were off in the trailer .
she and her lab partner had finished their assignment early and were cleaning up their work area while the other students in the class were still laboring away at their intricate experiments .
wasting no time , mr . pascal ordered , quick , get into the golf cart , and i will personally drive you to a safe exit area .
the tunnel lights flickered and many burned out , leaving various areas of the compound in complete darkness .
they all darted out of the houses back screen door , walked out into the back yard , and entered a dark circular area .
the raised area seemed to be used for large gatherings .
the bike gracefully soared through the large open balcony , which was spread over an elegant area .
loud , groundshaking blasts sounded at distant areas of the temple , revealing that the battle had now swarmed over the entire temple to engulf all regions of it .
the commotion came from an area of tall buildings about half a mile away in what appeared to be the citys central district .
sorel had walked into the patio area , and was sitting with his back against the cooler .
lighter equipment in one area had been pushed to the side , clearing a space for a few tables and chairs that must have been scrounged from other rooms .
he turned in at a viewing area by the side of the road that overlooked the city below .
she looked through the binoculars at the sewer outflow area .
the area between the two ends was half - filled by a long collapsible table .
he was sitting in the galley area , drinking a coffee .
mick got up and pushed through the door back into the reception area .
two of the taller buildings that stood to one side of theirs had a large mezzanine level it bridged over , forming an open , public area .
this two - mile straightaway led directly to both the passenger and cargo - handling areas , with no turn - offs to any other destinations .
the last working tunnel light was about a hundred yards from a large , high - ceilinged area adjacent to a circular carousel of loading bays .
they walked across to the largest viewing area .
they made their way down to the gate boarding area .
the ships cockpit was forward of the cargo section , sleeper compartments were on two levels aft of the cockpit , with a dining area amidships .
a permanent , opaque wall extended around one - third of the pool , reaching from the dock area to the ceiling not far above them .
they were screeching , roaring , stomping , banging their fists against the wooden railings that surrounded the viewing area platforms , their voices shouting , reine !
i leapt so high that i was able to grab the railing around the viewing area , and people cheered wildly as though i were up there merely as part of the show , and not to avoid the charging bull of a man that was trying to kill me .
beth worked at cleaning up the last little area of the bar as two of the dancers finished their drinks and hushed conversations , smiled at her , and walked away .
the rest area was one of several entrances that led into the complex .
the doors to the back stock room slammed open and the crowd poured into the rear storage area , coming up against the stacks of boxes and crates , and stopping .
a few of the oldsters did n't make it , and the small floor area was covered with sprawled and bent double bodies a second later as more became sick .
his eyes swept over the two bodies that lay on the floor , blood running away in small rivulets toward the floor drain near the swinging doors that lead back out into the store area .
she looked around the entire front area of the store .
five march 2nd mike and candace they both stopped short as they topped the small hill at the crest of main street , and stared down at the downtown area on the other side of the river .
` ` i was moving the trucks down to the loading area , down the bottom there , and the ground started to shake and the shaking threw me right out of the cab .
rifles in the sporting goods area .
the open area in front is huge , and dry , more room than i could ever use , so there s no need for me to go into that darkness , and explore the rest of the building .
i was putting them in the back of the factory in an old storage area .
conner stood and walked over to help her move her things over to his area .
~ lydia quickly gathered her things and moved them over to jakes area .
billy led them towards the rear garage area of the dealership , where they found a full size four wheel drive chevy pickup .
billy had worked at a dealership before , and recognized the garage area as the prep shop .
the bulb was dim , but flooded weak yellow light out into the garage area , it was enough , he felt .
another hit and the glass fell out into the pickup bed area .
there was a garage area to pull trucks into .
off to the left a steel door separated another area .
i ignore them and lead our group toward the elevator , which takes us to the top floor that serves as both the professors living quarters and work area .
jenica has rolled in the flat - screen partitions , filling the conference area with maps and surveillance footage of both memphis and stonehead , the maximum - security prison facility where bionics are held while awaiting their punishment , which is always execution .
we start across the room , ducking and dodging the many people walking through the cafeteria / living area carrying crates , boxes and duffel bags .
as blythe and i follow her toward the living area of the large , open space , my mind is reeling with the possibilities .
several pairs of eyes are on us as we follow baron into the very center of what appears to be a common hangout area .
not far from them , a makeshift cooking area is set up where a woman with two bionic hands and a face full of piercings is slapping meat over a crudely made gas grill .
instead , she reaches out to clasp my hand as baron leads us to the first room off the tunnel we took away from the main area .
i content myself with black coffee and some kind of pastry , scarfing it down as i go from the dining hall , to the second floor where the common gathering area is .
by the time they reached the shack , cody and john had already put a board in front of the two windows and had cleaned an area where kristiana could lay down .
the raised area had a circular table with twelve chairs spaced evenly around it .
looking through the viewscreens in the main assembly area , i was strangely affected .
still without speaking , norin as i shall call him from now on as russian names are too long , led me out of the terminal buildings to an area reserved for vips ' hover - cars .
norin looked at me pointedly and i followed the crate up the ramp and then made my way to the passenger seating area where more cctv cameras ensured i could monitor the crate every second of the journey .
knowing my place in the grand scheme of things , i walked back to the shuttle 's cargo area and hung about the crate .
we found little else of interest on the first floor a canteen and kitchen area that did n't look as if it would pass any hygiene inspection .
we are living down stairs , and the wrap around balcony upstairs has a wooden shed covered by more tarps placed flush to the sliding door area .
i have arranged for our neighbors with camping gear and tents to bring them to the far side of the parking lot and to start setting up a makeshift medical area .
carry on , i said as i and my small charge walked out the door toward the donation staging area .
my security team has discovered areas that indicate people have been living close by , said jackson .
we have a quarantine area at the hotel across the street where our doctors will treat you , i told her .
xia followed maeve and caught up with her in the small mess area .
identity testing and bounty collection center caid # 45k93 - 288d-5vs please have your license and identification ready the reception and waiting area was small and currently empty , with a gray plastic floor scuffed by escape attempts .
he opened up a small cargo area in the side of the raptor and pulled out a flight suit of police navy , rolled up around the helmet .
colonel fisher walked up to this peculiar area and reached out into nothing .
` ` hell , '' one of the men who 'd entered said , ` ` this was the fifth one in this little area .
he went inside looking around at the reception area and saw a female staring at him intensively that bothered him making him still fearful .
he felt himself fuming from his behavior towards steven as stonehawk hauled him inside the building where he saw an area of desks scattered around with computers on them .
jinks felt stonehawk haul him through the desk area to a door way which he saw was stairs leading up and down in both directions .
mimi ran out of her room and into the main area of her spacious apartment .
there was every possibility that the captain removed the shielding from the corridor area because he knew josh and mimi were there .
beside him is a waiting area corner with leather chairs and a coffee machine .
i try to explain that everyone has left me , but she grabs my arm and leads me away from the training area .
the assistant from before guided her down the hallway and into the waiting area where mione still sat .
mar stepped away from the corner where the plastic shells for the cars were dispensed and toward the clean up area .
the tender drifted into the center of the lane as people passed gaber and continued on their way to the main area .
vitelus fell against the case and the shiny metal arm inside the contained area hit the closed vat .
he glanced back toward his work area .
four in the sorting area they were all around .
they made a few turns before spilling out into a large assembly area littered with cots and bunk beds .
she stepped into the sitting area and kissed cronus ' cheek .
poseidon pulled the door open slowly and looked down the hall toward the living area .
from the living area , there was a scream .
the lift doors opened and the group walked out into the utility area .
in the sitting area , his mother was going through a small box amid mountains of packed belongings .
theia held her face in her hands and tethys began pacing rapidly in a small area behind her chair .
zeus closed the hatch and looked toward the control area .
the guns and munitions were kept down in the basement in the locked cage area , in a large safe .
mike walked to the waiting area , to the seats that the team had appropriated .
captain dickenson smiled , and if you could hold your questions until we get to a secure area , i would greatly appreciate it .
everybody swipes their ids , no free riders through secure areas .
the building was big , and the front area was filled with offices .
some offices were open , and there were also secure areas with heavy doors and cypher locks .
this area was a supply area , with locked cages spread throughout .
this area was a supply area , with locked cages spread throughout .
mike followed captain dickenson out of the secure area .
along one wall was an area that held what looked like personal body armor and flight suits .
next to that area was a few desks with computers on them .
mike walked over and picked up a suit and then proceeded to a screened area to put it on .
lieutenant pang moved the civilians to an area where there was less mess .
any trash or broken equipment was moved to a different area where it would nt be in the way .
most of the main entrance area was gone , though it was possible to get to the elevator shaft that led down to the floors below , and the door that led to the first floor .
tom pointed out the elevator shaft , you know , it would probably be easier for us to use the elevator shaft to move up and down to this area and the other floors .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- at the edge of the corridor , mike looked into a large area with desks piled up against the wall .
ambient light filtered back , and the tunnel suddenly opened up to an area approximately thirty to forty feet wide , and in some places , about thirty feet high .
evidently they had moved into the secure area when the alarms sounded .
pang frowned for a minute , well , we have a fabrication area , but ill have to check with hank bethel about what they can and ca nt do about building parts .
they swarmed up the sides of the armor and tucked their personal weapons into the storage area .
in this area of the tunnel , roots had broken through some of the brick work .
before dressing down , jennie left her room and went straight for the living area , sauntering along to her music , which she had turned down just a tad .
jennie left the living area going back to her room , looking back and winking at becky before she shut her door to change .
walking through the dust - covered seating areas , he sauntered up to the bar area and tested a stool , just to make sure it would n't disintegrate on him .
walking through the dust - covered seating areas , he sauntered up to the bar area and tested a stool , just to make sure it would n't disintegrate on him .
he started the atmospheric drive and lifted up and over the commercial area , then out to the nearby ocean and back down to sea level , where a keyboard command dropped two long lengths of tubing into the ocean .
although this was generally the work of the myriad of techs on the flight deck area , he liked to take care of his own craft .
she then saw him lift up some thick tubing and shove it up into the same cargo area .
jennie rolled her eyes back , and turned , making an audible gawd , while heading for the open area outside where the machu picchu was docked .
roughly 90 seconds later a massive drawbridge started to drop , eventually forming a pathway across the enormous moat , allowing the three to walk toward the castle 's common area .
jennie gave him a cute smile , but when he did not reciprocate she let out a small humph , and continued in with the other three into the courtyard area , where they then headed towards a large , oaken door .
then , giving the newly arrived trio a stern look , he slowly moved down the wide stair path from the throne area , when he suddenly shouted ` ` draagh !
draagh motioned to the two for them to follow him down the spacious hallway , where they encountered a back stairway and descended to an area where women were bringing plates of food to men who looked like soldiers , dressed in various types of leather garments , each unique in a slightly different way than the others .
the training area was restocked with various obstacles and targets , which they were to navigate and destroy , ending with them fighting each other in a mock battle to the death .
krynos and draagh sat up on a balcony overlooking the training area , with krynos paying great attention to competition between these bright , young pupils .
she also tied her wand to her katana , with admirable results , such as when she once pointed her sword at a large melon on a table in the dining area , levitated it to her position .
the recon team met down in the common area of the castle , and all were glad to see jennie , one of the few female lycan warriors ever known , and certainly the most beautiful .
it was then that he bounded down into the main area and raised his arms , calling for everyone 's attention .
just a small area for the accused and his / her legal representation .
after stealthily entering into the basement area of the castle , the recon team had set out for the dungeon area , two levels below , but were detected by hellcats that immediately attacked and made the lycans ' position known .
after stealthily entering into the basement area of the castle , the recon team had set out for the dungeon area , two levels below , but were detected by hellcats that immediately attacked and made the lycans ' position known .
arriving in the dungeon area , max , draagh and donus ran to her cell , only to hear the girl cheerfully say , ` ` hey fellas .
as he entered the pitch area he was surprised that jennie was n't jumping over obstacles and dealing mass destruction on everything in her path .
` ` undaincantatio lux '' chapter 24 - battle of the blood all of the transformed werewolves were secured in their cells , making substantial noise , with most peeing all over the inside of their containment areas .
as the cats that lived in the castle instinctively knew to stay away from the dungeon areas during the full moon , rats roamed freely , attracted to the human waste and bile on the floors of the cells .
five floors above , liliana navigated through the castle walls , sniffing until she found the proper vertical access tunnel - the one that would lead her to the lower dungeon area .
as they were in clear view of anyone in the expansive open areas of the castle , they were putting on a spectacular show .
finishing that , they went out to an open area where he waved his hand and created an infoscreen .
as the stunning woman approached the semi - cleared out area in the middle of the main hall , draagh pushed out both of his hands , and then separated them , lightly prompting everyone to take their seats ( those seats which remained , as lycan jenga tended to deplete furniture rather quickly ) .
so , after they had been in the dominion for five lunar cycles after the battle of the blood , he conferred with krynos and made arrangements to have a ceremony in the gardens outside of the throne area of the castle .
the storeroom was the largest area on the ship .
nova tied her hair back , threw her bag of supplies over her shoulder , and made her way to the storage area .
there was a bright artificial glow coming from over the hill , evidence of the massive spotlights which lit the work area .
it took them over half an hour to get from codon 's lab to the main entrance area .
while they were waiting for the luggage to be brought into the waiting area of the airport , ariel wandered off , looking for a bathroom .
when ariel came back into the waiting area he was negotiating a move to a regular room for the night and then a morning discharge with the promise that he would get checked out thoroughly once he got back on irish soil .
fortunately , nasiir was less affected by the sight of a nude human female and quickly went to retrieve a coverlet from one of the cabin areas .
on board the ship , xander took a now openly weeping afua to his cabin area .
with tenderness in his eyes , xander retrieved a purple cloth from one of the storage areas and sat down beside afua .
they trudged through a smelly area alongside the fairs garbage dump , searching for a midway - style attraction .
he came into the lobby area outside the tellers window to talk privately with this customer .
she led mozart into the reception area and told him to take a seat .
she pointed to the other end of the reception area .
at that moment the door to dr . pindlers office flew open , and carol and mathew raced through it into the reception area .
enjoy your beverages , meitner called after them as they walked towards the seating area .
we all head out of the entryway and into a huge area with walls hung with racks of every weapon i ever heard of and many more .
this is amazing , all these black as night tunnels , but in the living area sky lights , windows , courtyard gardens , wow !
they parked the carriage in an open area designated for such things .
` ` i doubt seriously if ernie luckman ever damaged anything in his life , except that time he flipped out on bad acid and threw the living - room coffee table and everything else besides out through the window of that apartment they had , him and that joan chick , onto the parking area .
he ran downstairs , and arctor and the girl watched through the broken window together as dan manchuria , a skinny , short - haired , homosexual - looking dude waving a knife , approached her car , still yelling up to her , his words audible to everyone else in the housing area .
he could smell it , from within the engine area .
` ` look into different cages and open confined areas . ''
in the tape vault he had found all of the beethoven symphonies mixed haphazardly in with string versions of _ carmen _ and of delibes and he had played the _ fifth _ , his favorite , a thousand times throughout the speaker complex that crept everywhere within the ship , reaching each cubicle and work area .
back again at the noser parking area he began getting the pints of marmalade stored away in the _ morbid chicken _ .
` ` come on down to the parking area and i 'll show it to you . ''
he pushed the last jar of marmalade away in the storage area and shut the door firmly .
she slammed the storage area door shut with venomous ire .
` ` he wanted to bring his things from his noser here to his living area .
leaving babble , he made his way toward the area in which all the nosers lay parked .
to her left was a parts staging area .
but not in front of the new digs , not in the sanctuary area where she had focused her investigations .
` ` the exposition itself will be crowded - it is every day - but we ' ve had a big section of the amusement area roped off so that we wo n't be disturbed .
but his mood changed abruptly as the car swung around the perimeter of the exposition and brought them to an entrance in back that led to the amusement area .
liliath 221 was waiting for him outside the baggage pickup area with her car .
he left her fuming at her desk and walked across the observatory to athor 's work area , where he took a seat in front of the three computer screens on which athor had calculated the kalgash two theory .
you remember hearing about the ` ` tunnel of mystery '' that broke all records in the amusement area -- for the first month or so , anyway ? ''
a children 's area was off to the side , filled with blocks and soft toys and a few dolls .
the bulk of ronald 's clients were toddlers , and the play area reflected that .
would it be all right if we sent you back to the play area ? ''
she went to the play area and sat on a cushioned block .
he glanced into the play area .
he lifted himself above the lock , forcing his bent back against the inner surface of the interlock area .
outside , lamps lit the area for a few meters , but beyond their radiance , night reigned under a sky rich with stars .
he stopped at a wall panel on the way and activated three separate banks of ceiling floressoes , turning the area into a noonday of light .
there was a hint of forthcoming rain , the area was a rundown melange of warehouses and a quarter mile back they had passed a roped - off area .
they were passing through a cavernous empty area , with trucks and motor - carts lined against the wall , each with its ( ' mdf insigne .
they arrived at the twisting point then , and , having utilized the freight twist for their vehicle ( thus sending it into the rimbro storage area ) , they entered the rimbro probability pattern themselves .
hoskins was equally adamant about letting her have an advance look at the area where the child would be housed .
she found herself all but placed on skids as she was moved swiftly inward , down corridors that had a tacky , improvised look , into an area of the research center that she had never entered before .
there were other people inside the stasis area now .
the workmen began to sweep away the soil and debris and carry the canisters off to a containment area somewhere in back .
they were all watching her - hoskins , candide deveney , the three orderlies , and everyone else who had managed to crowd into the stasis area .
` ` i mean into the working area .
she was watching the little dinosaur pathetically skittering around in its confinement area , bewilderedly running from one wall to the other .
when he arrived , all sorts of trash came with him - dirt and twigs and pebbles and things - and we ' ve got every crumb of it all stored out back of this area .
i have my own living area over here , and these are the storage facilities . ''
` ` he never goes beyond this enclosed area ? ''
she made her way along the catwalks and through the tortuous passageways that led out of the stasis zone , and into the executive area .
on the other side of the room was a great array of supplementary machinery covering an entire wall : an autoclave , a laser bank , a host of metering devices , a camera boom and associated playback screens that would allow consulting surgeons outside the operating area to monitor the events .
they removed their suits in the staging areas , placed them in their lockers .
it was back to the miniaturization area - back to the busy people , each concerned with their own affairs and paying no attention to one another .
paleron started the engine , looked around the parking area , which was deserted except for a cat going about some business of its own , and moved out over a sandy patch to the path that led to the nearby road .
the three of them disembarked and went through the ornately carved glass double doors into the reception area , and then through to welton 's surprisingly austere office .
` ` for all we know , he has undercover surveillance robots working as stagehands , or listening devices trained on the backstage area , '' tonya said , struggling to keep her voice firm .
alvar saw fredda turn and face the robot , saw ariel urge her toward the backstage area , away from the chaos in the auditorium .
she allowed herself to be led away , hustled with the others through the door that led off the backstage area .
` ` he appears to be making for the service areas at the rear of the building . ''
the lower three were a fairly conventional series of storage areas , living quarters , and so on , each connected to the others by broad ramps and high - speed lifts .
right now there was no bigger problem than a bad leak of a mildly hazardous chemical , just enough of a nuisance to make any self - respecting three - law robot seal off the area , shut down the elevators , hustle all the nearby humans off the roof and into the building , and generally disrupt things .
but it also meant the carved - out area below and behind the backrest had solid stone over it and in front of it .
then , undoubtedly , he would be over there , helping with the rescue , and his master would be out in the open , away from his aircar and the security team on the roof , in an area stripped clean of robots .
` ` the residence security system has alerted me via hyperwave that an aircar is landing in the visitor 's parking area . ''
its land surface of 200 million square kilometers was entirely domed ( except for the imperial palace area ) and underlaid with an endless city that extended beneath the continental shelves .
we pass rest areas every twenty minutes or so where we can stop , pull out of the tunnel , stretch our feet , eat , or relieve ourselves .
first , she checked the library and the dining areas again .
leggen had eaten only part of his dinner and had left his wife at the dining area without adequate explanation .
` ` for instance , '' she said and pointed to a smooth boxed - off area on the back of the bench directly before each of them .
but up ahead in the rest area they spotted a group of men , rather large - sized for dahlites , mustaches bristling , bare upper arms muscular and glistening under the yellowish indoor light of the walkway .
the security officers were vigilant and municipal maintenance crews provided round - the - clock upkeep of all public areas .
he and pelorat were sitting in the small dining area , having just completed their midday meal .
he did not overlook even the small cylinder in the guts of the air - purification system which circulated air in the storage areas .
it had sunken windows high up on its walls , and largely consisted of a single living area around a fireplace .
the last area was covered with a thick impact mat and was the largest in the gym .
the only cubicle walls in the room were around a small waiting area with a couple of worn old couches and a table with some magazines for bored adults and some toys for bored children .
i 'd seen several such developments during the course of my investigations , but the area lara directed me to was as elaborate and expensive - looking as any i had ever seen .
motion in the reserved area drew my eye , and kincaid appeared and beckoned us .
we stepped into the screened - off area .
the reception area looked more like a security checkpoint - a small room , a couple of chairs , a heavy - duty security door , and a guard station behind a window of heavy bars .
the room beyond the reception area was the size of a small cafeteria .
they were pretty efficient , but it would n't hurt to top them off , so i spent half an hour beating the tar out of the heavy bag hanging in one corner of my apartment 's living area .
the division between molly 's work area and the rest of the room was as sharp and obvious as the lines on a map .
soft green light began to emanate from the empty air in front of me in a rectangular area seven feet tall and half as wide - a doorway between my apartment and the nevernever .
the ramp opened up into a larger area that reminded me of the interior corridors of a sports stadium .
burger king had just opened its dining area , but it was already half - full .
a moment later , the door opened on a rather novel reception area .
it had all the things such offices always did : a prominent desk , several seats in a waiting area , a coffee machine , and a table laden with magazines .
i walked down the hall , back toward the living area with my head bowed , thinking furiously .
over the years of its semi - dormancy , it had depressed a great sunken area into the landing flat , becoming almost wedged there .
he flicked his gaze up to lucilla as he passed , then back to the track into the wide loading area defined by buildings below her .
the no - ship presented him with fixed limits : the exterior forcefield he could not penetrate , certain machinery areas where the drive ( so he was told ) had been temporarily disabled , guard quarters ( he could see into some of them but not enter ) , the armory , the section reserved to the captive tleilaxu , scytale .
he moved softly through his area of the no - ship , observing , cataloguing , measuring .
as they strode swiftly from one area to another , odrade spoke of the sisterhood scattering , not trying to hide her dismay at ` ` the atomic family '' they had become .
murbella said : ` ` one of her personal servants took me into the private area .
the public area was neat and clean but the private rooms were messy - clothing left where it had been dropped , unguent jars open , bed unmade , food drying in dishes on the floor .
an odd feeling of excitement had come over murbella as she entered the training area and saw duncan with the child .
odrade signaled communications to remove the projector and went to wait at the edge of the glassy area .
the observation area had been left in gray gloom with only two tiny glowglobes at upper corners behind the chairs .
he aimed a meaningful glance at the machinery area where a labored rasping could be heard .
a tiny beeping sound came from the machinery area .
the arrangement of reception area behind grilled slots , space for waiting with its mixture of seats and inconvenient lighting , signs directing them to services - restaurants , narcoparlors , assignation bars , swimming and other exercise facilities , automassage rooms , and the like .
a frenetic dance of roboservants in the reception area - dartings here and there , cleaning , picking up litter , guiding newcomers .
a few slingchairs and small tables , a large open area where ( presumably ) people could await orders .
teg had lost his command pod to a laser hit outside the main engagement area .
mostly views of living areas and esoteric hardware odrade surmised had military purposes .
door to a passage with another nulltube partly visible in a separate area to her immediate left .
haker did not move until teg nodded , then politely indicated that captives should precede him into the tiled area on their left .
she disappeared beyond the edge of the kitchen cabinets ; presently he heard her calling the girls , somewhere off in the bedroom area of the house .
she led them to the rear of the plane , where there was a modular living area , nicely furnished , with a large computer console , and bunks for sleeping .
i look around to make sure everyone 's ready , then start forward , wading through the sluggish swirls of shadows , repeating the signal , zoning in on the area where the soul of beranabus seems to be signaling back .
the door buzzed , and i went in , nodding to a comfortably heavyset security guard reading a magazine behind a nondescript desk to one side of the entry area .
` ` gone , '' i said , and hurried back into the hallways behind the entry area .
the front of the store offered a browsing area for customers interested in purchasing everything from crystals to incense to candles to oils to wands and other symbolic instruments of ritual magic - your typical new agey stuff .
behind the occult area were several rows of bookshelves holding one of the largest selections in town of books on the occult , the paranormal , and the mystical .
once it had opened to allow customers to slip into a private area to drink illegal booze .
the rear area was n't large - nothing more than a single room with an office built into one corner , and a pair of long bookshelves set behind a heavy iron grille on the wall opposite .
he 'd gotten back to the very rear of the car 's impact area somehow , and he must have been able to shield himself from the partial impact .
he locked the door behind me , and i wandered up to sit down in the waiting area near the front doors .
she breezed past him , back to the little waiting area , and sat down .
standing in the little entry area of the bookstore , facing bock at his counter , were alicia and the ghoul , li xian .
there was a low , trembling sensation that seemed to make my eyeballs jiggle a little , and the shadows simply expanded up out of the corners and dim areas of the store like time - lapse photography of growing molds .
at the center of the area , directly in front of the museum , picnic tables had been overturned onto their sides around a large circle open to the skies above .
the larger one was my living area .
we 'd had to go the long way around so that i could avoid any areas with important medical equipment .
i collected my potion bottles , cleaned up the work area , and turned to leave and let bob get some rest .
i led them back down through the garage area and out onto the airfield tarmac .
we can set up in the computer maintenance shop next door for easy - '' ` ` do n't stay outside the shield area too long , '' prudence said .
section doors were sealed off for two layers around the damage area .
` ` we 're going to need a coupling area for each group of multiple blocks , '' bickel said , looking at prudence .
midge was standing kitty - corner across the main suite 's reception area in front of the director 's double doors .
the yellow lights of affirmative votes filled the image areas .
as always , the atmosphere there was chaotic ; all the phones were ringing , but there was no receptionist in the little waiting area by the elevators , which was decorated with faded , taped - up posters for a 1929 bauhaus exhibition in berlin and an old science - fiction movie called the forbin project .
it was clearly a creative area .
he went to the outer area , to cindy 's desk .
on the fourth floor , cleaning crews worked in the central partition area .
` ` you better get back here to the bay area , mr . deckard .
it was not hard to recall , because it had been the day the bomb had been dropped on the bay area .
they landed one on the bay area and they 'll keep shooting them off at us .
the reading of the maugham book ended , then automatically restarted itself ; it droned from the start once more for the next area below .
taking her by the hand , mrs . hardy led her toward the kitchen area .
` ` bannerjee , '' stilgar said , naming the chief of paul 's security detail , ` ` was worried earlier that some of them might try to penetrate the private areas of the keep . ''
the man worked in the large area beside the church that had probably once been a garden .
but it seemed to completely coat the wall , once one got away from the central gate area .
galladon nodded , joining raoden beside the wall , looking out at the large crew of people who were clearing the chapel 's garden area .
a moment later karata dashed into view , her feet coated with fresh sludge from outside the chapel area .
the squat - bodied former baron had spent the entire week cataloguing each carving , sculpture , or relief in the chapel area .
the building had been transformed into an observation area to watch the gates for newcomers .
true , you have access to all areas of the ship .
she led mira deep into the gallery , to a storage area where hulking shapes lurked under dropcloths .
they 're not like the effete , pale , clammy students living beneath the campus areas .
cleon had his bizarre sense of humor , forcing the interview to take place there and not in some neutral meeting area .
he paid the woman and thanked her in her own accent , then stood beneath the huge balloon roof of the immigration and transfer authority area .
kansarv , daneel , and lodovik entered the quarters through the guest door and waited in the small reception area .
gaal dornick was in a separate area , and boon had departed three hours ago to take care of various entanglements .
` ` so reassuring , '' mors said , taking a seat in the small dining area , the only room other than the combined bath and bedroom .
the high - security wing of the special service detention center stretched in a half circle around the eastern corner of the imperial courts holding area , fully ten thousand available cells , of which no more than a few hundred were occupied during any normal time .
she allowed her eyes to adjust to the lowered illumination , noting carpets and soft cushions scattered around a low mound of ... she put a hand to her mouth as the mound moved , realizing then that it was the lord leto on his cart , but the cart lay in a sunken area .
he turned and hurried away down the long hall to his own area of the citadel .
idaho glanced around the entry area .
idaho sighed and looked toward the arched portal which led into the sitting area .
there were a number of lights , most of them clustered around the area of the music .
and he found himself sniffing and listening for sounds of intrusion - something more than the echoing passage of their own footsteps and the subdued metallic clashings from the kitchen area .
they entered the lighted area presently and stopped .
they stumbled away from the mass of kids on the floor to an open area that was n't beneath any hanging displays , then helped each other maintain their balance as they staggered two or three steps one way then back the other .
there was a small auditorium dominated by a robot tyrannosaurus rex , poised menacingly by the entrance to an exhibit area labeled when dinosaurs ruled the earth .
they left the visitor area behind , and soon they heard the loud hum of generators , smelled the faint odor of gasoline .
big underground area .
it 's the only dark area of the palace . ''
as she reached the door that led to the dressing rooms , she saw her mother step forward from the shadows of the seating area .
narcissa gasped behind her as she must have come out of the dressing area .
the area where their seats had been was completely destroyed .
glancing around , he finally saw a small loft area over his head that would give them a tiny bit of cover .
before she could say anything else , chayden came into their area with a drink carrier .
he held on to her hand until the hospital staff stopped her from entering the operating area .
darling pulled up short when he saw the holding cell area and realized how bad it was down here for those prisoners .
then he moved into the dimly lit area beyond .
they reached an open area with chairs and a table just as the man they were chasing disappeared through a round hatch into what had to be the cockpit .
the entire area around them shook as it rose , and it took all of mark 's effort not to fall again .
they scour the vending machines , emptying over half of the dwindling stock throughout the many break rooms and other common areas .
in the central area of the ship there was a locked storage facility that required passwords and retinal scans to open .
he opened his eyes to see the gladers gathered around the green - painted door that led to the common area where they 'd eaten pizza the night before .
step by step , he left the dorm room and entered the darkness of the common area , hands reaching out in front of him .
she 'd said it was across the common area from where they 'd all slept .
the smell in the common area was horrendous ; he gagged as he sucked in a deep breath .
` ` i 'll get everyone over here , '' minho said ; he turned and walked back into the common area .
thomas turned to point back in the direction of the door to the common area .
there 's the big common area , this room , our dorm room , and some seriously shucked doors that lead outsidewhere we came in from the bus yesterday .
without waiting for a response , he headed for the door back to the common area , pushing his way past boys until he was through .
the walls surrounding the common area were as plain as could be ; smooth plaster painted white , no decoration of any kind .
a slight creak made thomas look sharply over at the door to the common area .
the single bar of blackness became a wide swath of it , the common area now as dark as it had been when they 'd first left the boys ' dorm .
soon everyone was running for the larger dorm room on the far side of the common area .
he 'd quit bothering to look at his watchit only made time drag and reminded his body how long it 'd been since he 'd eatenbut he thought it was roughly midafternoon of the third day when a humming sound abruptly began from the common area .
once he thought he had his balance , he walked over to the door and entered the common area .
and then the whole thing disappeared , once again revealing the other side of the common area .
the invisible shield had reappeared overnight in the middle of the common area , impossible to pass through , and the gladers settled just on the boys ' dorm side of it , facing where the stranger in the white suit had said a flat trans would appear .
they stood in a large reception area with couches and chairs and a couple of desks .
other than a few cargo crates and what looked like mechanics ' stations , the rest of the area was nothing but open space .
he found a little reclining chair in an out - of - the - way corner and curled up in it , his back to the open area behind him .
he turned and stomped away , disappearing around the corner to the common area .
` ` i 'll go to the left , '' he said , pointing toward the small hallway to the common area .
finally , they reached a high wall with a big archway that led to an open area full of people .
they milled about in a circular area several hundred feet across that was bordered by what had apparently once been shops and restaurants and entertainment venues .
chapter 41 eventually , thomas and minho got themselves up and went to sit on a couch in the common area while brenda helped jorge in the cockpit .
below him was just a black - walled work area that had always lookedlike an endless drop before .
the maintenance room was situated behind a huge warehouse area .
he ran out to the storage area .
and gradually michael noticed a pattern - just as the gloom almost became complete darkness , they 'd reach the outskirts of a lighted area and come across a new bulb .
the group climbed down the steps and skale led them to the dining area where they 'd eaten the night before .
bradley gordon , his chief of security , stood in the lobby 's waiting area , leaning over the counter , talking to lisa , the receptionist .
he winked at lisa , and then headed back through the keycard - swipe door , into a secure area .
chapter 023 josh winklerwas staring out his office window that overlooked the reception area at biogen .
when he reached the porch the door flew open automatically for him and he looked in on a neat office , with relaxing , leather - covered chairs , magazines , a deep - pile carpet whose design changed continuously ... he saw , , through an open doorway , a business area : accounting machines and a computer of some ordinary kind , and at the same time he heard the buzz of activity beyond that , from the labs themselves .
i was under the path tunnel now , in the service area that accessed its tangle of cables and shafts .
the con ed truck was parked on the hudson river boardwalk , its engine humming to power the work lights in the taped - off area .
we left the residential area , passing through another glass door , and down another passageway .
they moved apart , each heading to a different area of the mound .
i came out into the utility area , and went toward the comm room door .
meanwhile , i 'll take some virus up to the maintenance area beneath the roof , and dump it into the sprinkler reservoir . ''
rawlins looked at the remains , and at the acid - scarred walls and the enormous areas of smashed drywall and ceiling that looked like they 'd been kissed by a wrecking ball .
the emts set up shop at once in a makeshift triage area , where murphy had brought most of the wounded .
murphy 's stream of peremptory commands had slowed to a stop , and she stood near the triage area .
thomas looked around the concessions area and suggested , ` ` silly straws ? ''
then he leads me from the revelry , past the pilot 's chair toward a sunken area filled with padded couches .
` ` yes , they 're kept in a separate area , as it 's a different project .
if this ship conforms to standard layouts , there will be three small bunk areas on either side .
they wo n't reopen until the outer doors close , and this area regains sufficient pressure and oxygen levels to support human life .
there 's also a clansman doing transport , moving patients from the hospital into the recovery area .
i check the recovery area one last time , making sure nobody needs anything .
shiny and silver , it dominates the docking area .
there should be a waiting area over there with basic amenities . ''
they went the extra mile and outfitted the public areas with a high - quality synth that gleams like mahogany .
he 's apparently been studying the layout because he makes the turns with surety , leading us from the central salon to the corridor that adjoins the docking area .
the pair of bugs who extricated us gets in the front , leaving us in a cargo area in back .
i ask as we go into the living area .
there 's a low rumble from the viewing area above , as they register the translation .
at the verge of crossing out of the sitting area into my bedroom , i pause as something occurs to me .
unlikely that i 'll get back to sleep , so i pad out to the living area , where i find constance jacked into the terminal .
so i give my blessing , and they leave the living area .
the guards on duty have been instructed to permit humans free passage within the docking area , so we board as the day lengthens into full brightness .
it will be cold outside the docking area , but i can live with that .
i check the sleeping area next .
i interpret his gesture as wanting privacy , even though march is the only one here , so i sidle toward the sleeping area .
i could n't figure out how to get out of the docking area . ''
i ' m a little amazed and impressed that he managed to sneak it on world with all the scans and tests they put us through before allowing us to leave the docking area .
they ' ve returned to their standard protocols as they whir around the living area , looking for something to clean .
instead of the lush , tropical environs in the public areas , this is all bare and plain , some matte metal that could use a good cleaning .
from there , they all go their separate ways , and i can see we ' ve reached the staging area for the mine complex .
vel crosses behind the work area , dumping jael none too gently on the ground .
i hope that does n't cause trouble , but we could n't have gone straight into the prison area .
this area has been carved from solid rock , and the cells are primarily caves fitted with metal grates .
to my surprise , vel takes us straight back to the staging area .
there are others in the break area , mostly clansmen , and a few of them raise their brows when they see the captain 's lady invite a young man to join her .
even the bay area has been renovated to some degree .
a short hallway connects to another area , one that 's smaller and quieter .
we 're in a hallway between the regular area and the vip lounge .
if i could find the maintenance area , i could fix that . ''
` ` moving away from us , toward the storage areas ? ''
looks like it leads to a small storage area , no life signs . ''
we ' ve been moving toward the storage areas for a while with no sign of further morgut , but i know they 're here .
` ` outside the pressure door that leads to the storage area . ''
dina is still camped out in the docking area , waiting for hit 's ship to come in .
one must lead to the cockpit , as we came down the other from the boarding area .
the ithtorian skiff is small enough to fit inside the dauntless , though it 's larger than a shuttle , and i emerge in the cargo area .
the transfer goes smoothly up until we leave the immigration area , as there 's no choice but to cross into the public part of the spaceport .
the door opens at the far end , and i stumble , nak*d and bleary - eyed , into another area , where i find prison garb waiting - gray pants and shirt , dingy underwear .
lots of people come to the waiting area , but few are permitted through the doors , mostly because the searches and scans reveal weapons on their persons .
we walked away from a high - tech area for a tomb .
the space i ' ve been allotted is small and sparsely decorated in shades of gray ; it 's all one room , with a bunk , a comm terminal , and a sitting area comprised of a small sofa and one chair .
chapter 15 the next day , i meet loras in the detention area , as requested .
loras puts a hand on my arm , drawing me out of the prison area , down the corridor toward randd .
laser strikes bombard the area , all light and heat , burning an already damaged floor .
` ` there 's a doorway back here somewhere , goes to the rear area . ''
i walked into the great hall far enough to see the area behind the first of the row of corinthian pillars that lined the walls .
the relatively tiny area inside the shedd would contain only so much energy .
i went on into the intensive care ward and found the waiting area .
leaving the crew quarters , they entered a vast area of narrow walkways set out between great sealed compartments that stretched ahead as far as they could see .
they rode past more cargo areas .
beth was moving the body away from the habitat , into the lighted area beyond .
he started to move past them into the sleeping area .
evans pushed the buzzer and was admitted to a small walled - off reception area .
evans went into the reception area and was told that morton was in the third - floor conference room .
there was a reception area , but it was deserted .
the test area was silent .
there was a ladder made of wood leading up to a series of landings , going all the way to the top , where there was a kind of catwalk and a viewing area .
soldiers began to scramble toward the staging area beside the lumberyard ; others ran into camp to fetch their gear .
they avoided the lumberyard proper , crossing the open field of rock used as the army 's staging area before walking down the slope of rock leading to the shattered plains .
in moments , he and adolin were leading a hurried group to the staging area .
ahead , in the staging area , the battalions were forming ranks , and a squat lighteyed officer hurried up to dalinar .
all around the staging area , soldiers turned to look .
then , oddly , he turned to look toward the other side of the staging area , where the workers had been cutting the latrine ditch .
they drew attention as they left the staging area and entered the warcamp proper .
barracks were painted with company and squad symbols , and the space between them was outfitted with firepits , stools , and canvas - shaded dining areas .
sometimes , when shallan walked into the palanaeum proper - the grand storehouse of books , manuscripts , and scrolls beyond the study areas of the veil - she grew so distracted by the beauty and scope of it that she forgot everything else .
the parshendi had noticed what was happening and had begun to put pressure on the small company in green and white that sadeas had sent to defend his entry area .
she made her way directly to the staging area , and arrived to find an army that hardly looked as if it had been to battle .
several of them , looking beleaguered , were just arriving at the staging area .
from the corner of her eye , she noticed a youth in a blue uniform arriving in the staging area , accompanied by a small honor guard of three men .
here was a wide , vaulted area that looked like a gigantic hotel lobby , only without the hotel .
beyond this , the trail led them to a door which read staging area and authorized personnel only .
` ` staging area , '' eddie said .
beyond the gunslinger , jake could see a vast and gloomy room , much bigger than the staging area .
behind it was an office area containing two robots that looked long dead , and three skeletons .
it goes off when anyone or anything uses the door between the fedic staging area and yon station- '' ` ` i believe the term you used for him , '' roland said dryly , ` ` was n't supervisor or warden but ki'-dam . ''
at the far side of the sunbeam 's area was what looked like a street lined with shops .
seventeen days ago , not long before the last batch of wolves had come galloping through the door from the arc 16 staging area , their equipment in the basement of damli house had picked up the first appreciable bend in the bear - turtle beam .
crackle of fire , smell of smoke , but both coming from the guards ' sleeping area in the west wing .
nor does he hear the oncoming roar of the pickup truck behind him ... eighteen bryan hears the scrape of the cooler 's lid even over the funky rip - rap beat of the music , and when he looks in the rearview mirror he 's both dismayed and outraged to see that bullet , always the more forward of the two rotties , has leaped from the storage area at the rear of the van into the passenger compartment .
the orange electric flambeaux which had lit the dining room were off but the battery - powered emergency lights were on , filling the area beyond the lobby and the bar with a flat glare .
it was the same disgusting , stinking mess i 'd waded through every week for the past month to get to the storage area behind the refrigerated display cases .
a large white tent has been set up outside the entrance to the hangar , the staging area festooned with red - and - white biohazard warning signs .
so when i see the fair - skinned , dark - haired girl wheeling corpses from poundcake 's table to the disposal area , i do n't go over and introduce myself and i do n't grab one of her team members to ask her name .
sitting in big groups spread over an area about the size of a high school gymnasium .
the men slept when they were tired , awoke when they were refreshed , and carried on their work in a number of different areas .
hall was already moving back into the lab and staring through the glass into the inner work area ; beyond that was the central core .
his bunker area was honeycombed with cubicles , and those cubicles were occupied by the underlings who carried out his orders and asked no questions .
the captain fanned his fingers out from his left palm and the rest of the squad sealed off the studio area .
` ` ... ou are approaching a ' no entry ' area .
both areas were soundproofed .
rough - hewn out of rock , it housed three hundred zavatans of the nine clans spread out along the walls , with common meeting and dining areas .
with a four - klaxon alarm the fire could be in current control , the studio area or the shuttle docking bay .
vacuum suits mandatory in all sealed area ... '' macintosh typed out the ` ` area clear , visual '' code for current control on his console .
the security was obviously direct from groundside and lacked the skills for maneuvering in the axis area of the orbiter .
a fine white netting crisscrossed the area , segmenting the huge space into a blur of booths and bins .
- t. robbins dwarf macintosh had the axis areas of the obiter evacuated and sealed off , with the exception of a handful of volunteers from the fire crew who remained as his security force .
he paused , and an uncomfortable silence fell on the back lawn area .
he took the pup around to the loading area , tied its leash to a railing , and then went back toward his house by way of backyards .
while listening to a gowachin explain what was known about rim relationships , he would find himself distracted by people passing in the multisentient access way outside the briefing area .
the troop crossed the riot area presently , noting the places where bodies had fallen , estimating casualties .
` ` we will go first , '' she said , ` ` to a nearby training area where we maintain the necessary edge on one of my forces . ''
mckie glanced around the training area .
the door swung open , and mckie found himself presently in a small , unoccupied room with an open portal at the far wall into what appeared to be a larger , well - lighted area .
there 'd been more new weapons adapted from his kit , and he 'd realized the courtyard was merely jedrik 's testing ground , that there must be many more training areas for her followers .
aritch pointed at the h - focus area .
` ` i ca n't leave the immediate area of the arena until the trial 's over . ''
` ` the eps would blanket the distortion area and flood it with seeker fish and -- '' ` ` and they 'd get a very satisfactory explosion , '' said sparrow .
` ` well wait here another four hours before going on into the well area . ''
he reached the area just under what remained of the plate - glass window .
the traffic supervisor 's offices consisted of four rooms in a remote section of the terminal -- - two rooms for clerks , one storage area for valuable checked items , and a larger office for the supervisor himself .
in the storage area was a shallow , wall - mounted lime green cupboard .
he led pierce out of the enclosed courtyard to another area , where there were three dogs in somewhat larger pens .
recollection of the sounds bothered him -- the clang of metal against metal , the whisper - shuffling of feet as the guards came into the execution area with murphey .
i suppose there 's still a mat by the ho - in the storage area . ''
cerulean walked me to the reception area .
the tanks will be by a loading area . ''
he plodded along the shelf until he came to a walled - in area , then climbed over the wall and sank down in the darkness , his head resting on a screw head .
he found a small area of the hatch plate polished by the many passages of his own hand when entering this place .
he sealed it and slipped down through the software storage area to the nearest passage .
she pointed to the storage area .
the bloo ... . '' the lower left - hand screen showed the clone mess hall , a shambles of security hatches broken open in the background , a turmoil of clones throughout the area .
lewis looked across the facilities room where the plaz - glass barrier showed a corner of clone area and the ocean beyond .
murdoch himself met her in the brightly lighted and bustling area where the last lock sealed off the entrance within the lab .
he led her through another system of locks , only doubles this time , into what appeared to be a training area for young e - clones .
there was a circular barrier across the training area and she identified another lock entrance .
lab one 's special - purpose area was correctly labeled : the garden .
ship buzzed at her from the interior sensor - eye as she stooped and slipped through into the storage area .
raised shipside , she understood corridors without thinking about them , but when she emerged through the oval whiteness it was a shock to find herself in an unconfined area .
- mary shelley 's frankenstein , shiprecords ` ` i like to call this the flower room , '' murdoch said , leading rachel demarest across the open area to the lock .
many workers moved around in the lighted area .
the chief of construction services , hapat lavu , came out to meet them at the edge of the lighted area .
` ` took some damage back where the clones ' quarters join with the storage area .
further back are the meeting and dining areas , all of that .
the sound came from the locker area where the sub crews prepared for their flights .
oakes always felt diminished by the hangar area .
as they lifted , the kelp lights once more came into view through the open areas of the plaz walls .
through an unblocked area beside his console , he could see the flock of hylighters tacking closer across the wind .
hali turned at the creche hatch and saw one of the children staring out at her from the open bubble of the play area .
there 's another one in the secondary play area .
the boy was lying on a stretch of thick green lawn in the freeplay area , a shutter - shielded dome overhead .
every mannerism said it was not just routine , but before she could respond , she saw waela walk into the play area .
she could not see ferry anywhere , but there were perhaps thirty children in the five - to - seven age range sitting cross - legged around a holofocus at the center of the worship area .
hali ran down the side passage coreside from the worship area , found a service access plate and slipped it aside .
legata switched sensors , keyed for the broad view of the cliffside staging area where the attack had originated .
she could hear ferry working with the wounded out in the emergency area .
supply crates screened her area and she sat in the fabric - diffused shadows , taking shallow breaths to slow the contractions .
waela thrust herself upright , staggered to her feet and made her way heavily back to the emergency area of the shelter .
another burn victim staggered into the emergency area , a spidery young female with elongated neck and head , gigantic eyes .
she had no memory of calling out , but when she opened her eyes , ferry was there with the long - fingered dwarf she had seen in the outer area of the medical shelter .
8 the service area squeezed behind the movie screen and between the two first - class heads was empty .
for just a moment he thought that this was what the first boarders of the mary celeste must have felt like , coming upon a totally abandoned ship where all the sail was neatly laid on , where the captain 's table had been set for dinner , where all ropes were neatly coiled and some sailor 's pipe was still smouldering away the last of its tobacco on the foredeck ... brian shook these paralyzing thoughts off with a tremendous effort and went to the door between the service area and the cockpit .
he strode into the service area at the head of first class like a corporate raider mounting a hostile takeover .
there was a small lip - too short by at least three inches to be considered a step between the service area and the cockpit .
i am continuing our descent into the bangor area . ''
the wheels locked into place below the body of the plane and the cockpit area .
they were standing around in a semicircle , watching - all except rudy warwick , who had drifted to the rear of the serving area and was closely inspecting the contents of the cold - case .
the four of them crawled through the hanging rubber strips and then stepped down into the luggage - unloading area , listening to the sound of what craig toomy called the langoliers .
the rest of the passengers were gathered in a tight little knot around brian in the first - class serving area .
the girl 's feet did not move , but as he approached her she floated backward like a mirage , toward the rubber strips which hung between the luggage - retrieval area and the loading dock outside .
he ignored the american pride 767 , which was now cycling up again , and ran for the luggage area instead .
these tracks converged in a giant well of blackness where the luggage - unloading area had been .
behind him , bob jenkins sprinted through the first - class section , up the narrow aisle which led to the service area ... and right into nick 's waiting arms .
he dropped down into the forward - hold area , ducked below a cluster of electrical cables , and undogged the hatch in the floor of the 767 's nose .
this was a passengers - only area , guarded by a red velvet rope .
ethereal , transparent figures crossed and crisscrossed the large central area : men in business suits toting briefcases , women in smart travelling dresses , teenagers in levi 's and tee - shirts with rock - group logos printed on them .
brian glanced around at the choked boarding area and said , ` ` i think i want to go outside .
taking the fading image of the thing in the sky , keel walked through the hatchway into his main room , sealing off the kitchen area as he passed .
scudi did something above her work area and the room 's walls suddenly were brightly colored in flowing sweeps of yellow and green .
there was nothing to indicate a food preparation area in the room .
kareen ale stood there in a kitchen - dining area , her back to him .
she indicated a small table set for two at one end of the kitchen area beside a smaller plaz port .
she busied herself once more in the kitchen area .
` ` these walls and the kitchen area are more recent , are n't they ? ''
the receiving area had been cordoned off into sections by color - coded ropes .
panille watched one of the teams lift a litter and carry it toward the recovery area .
the sound was reassuring , a thing heard often in an island 's shop areas - metal and plastics being cut by carpenters for assemblage into necessary nonorganic utensils .
the carpenter moved across his shadowed area toward a brown cloth folded on a bench .
noah came across the shadowed work area , skirting the bench as though he could see it , and stopped directly in front of twisp .
the main area was a biological lab , with specimen trays , dissecting pans , and microscopes that connected to video monitors .
still uneasy , kelly moved toward the back of the trailer , where there was a homey little living area , complete with gingham curtains on the windows .
all the hyenas were clustered around a single area of grass ; they yelped and jumped .
over to the right , they saw a waiting area , with a coffee table , and two long couches .
` ` i 'll go first , into the nest area .
she took them around the corner , into the sleeping area , and started getting dressed .
the explorer continued down the hillside , toward the area of the tyrannosaur nest .
molie asked , sighing deeply and turning on an ancient gooseneck lamp that flooded the working area of his desk with bright white light .
the gate to the service area ( caution - employees only - no smoking - unauthorized persons keep out ) had been swung open , and richards drove sedately through , passing ranks of high - octane tanker trucks and small private planes pulled up on their chocks .
the two men faced each other across the blank service area cement .
they went down to the nurses ' station , a glass - walled area strategically located at the center of the x - shaped floor .
she got off the elevator and looked at the reception area , one wall a bright blue , the other red .
he went back to his tray , picked it up , and carried it to the disposal area .
he turned on the lights in a rather plain lobby - reception area .
morris looked around the room , at the large pieces of computer equipment standing in different areas .
anders peered into the vending area , then paused .
they left the vending area and continued down the corridor .
the moving strip carried them into an area of what looked like filing cabinets - row after endless row of them .
at the far end of the com - partment , which had to be at least eighty feet long , was an area that looked not like a bar but a cosy bistro .
as they watched , a rectangular area of this front wall darkened , going from blue to violet to black .
the following morning , i followed her to the first of her classes , and then afterwards into a large basement canteen area where she drank coffee alone at a small table and put nickels into the jukebox over and over to play one selection repeatedly - a mournful gershwin tune sung by nina simone .
at last i entered university hospital , sought out the doctors ' cafeteria , and hovered near it in a small visitors ' area for seven hours .
i could not risk hanging about in the area adjacent to the operating rooms .
the brick parking area behind the house was n't finished yet , and the old gflrconniere was still being renovated - an excellent caretaker 's cottage , they figured - and he was antsy not being there himself .
wind blew through the canes of bamboo growing at the rim of the play area .
the foodman seated himself at the dining module service area .
` ` your ident - pape , sir , '' an armed guard , but not wearing the colors of the un , yapped at him as he prepared to exit into the parking area of the demesne .
using her pick , she chipped off a few flakes of mortar from different areas to take back for spectroscopic analysis .
we 're building a second area over there but it wo n't be ready for several months . ''
stern looked back at the transmission area .
at first , she thought to look in the tents ranged beyond the field , but there were only men - knights and squires and pages - in that area , and she decided against it .
she looked into the area of tents to her left .
marek turned away , doubling back through the farm area .
on the opposite side of the courtyard , they saw more smoke , thick and dark , coming from the area of the refectory .
marek darted left , along a cloistered corridor , and then left again , through a very narrow opening that brought them into a tight space , a kind of storeroom area .
we went by the spot in the tiny backyard that had been designated as mouse 's business area , and went back inside .
morgan nodded his head at the back corner of the space , where a large rectangular area on the floor was clear of any runes or other markings .
she went with the solid - oak furnishings , the actual oil paintings , and the handcrafted furniture in the reception area , and the faint scent of lemon wood polish in the air - variations on a theme of beautiful practicality .
using a short whisk broom , i quickly cleared dirt and dust from the rock shelf beneath me in an area about three feet across .
the razors were a small but dedicated skateboarding club , frowned on by the local constabulary but not actually outlawed , in spite of calls from selectmen rennie and sanders for such action ( at last march 's town meeting , this same dynamic duo had succeeded in tabling a budget item that would have funded a safe - skateboarding area on the town common behind the bandstand ) .
also what might have been a small mess tent , plus a parking area filled with more trucks .
i 'd backed up all the way to the drop - off at the edge of the picnic area .
looked while rusty shone the beam around , highlighting boxes of supplies surrounding a large - and largely empty - center area .
ernie calvert came barreling up from the basement storage area .
the sound was deafening in the reception area .
it was also the booking area .
this did n't surprise him after seeing the rest of the prep area , but it still disgusted him .
it was dougie twitchell , coming down the hall and into the reception area .
now ranks of cheery - looking blue shithouses stood over there ; well away from the area where relatives would stand to speak with loved ones they could look at but not touch .
i made some friends , the best ones in the smoking area behind the high school .
-busab manual as furuneo 's life monitor ignited at his death , taprisiots scanned the beachball area .
he spun around , pounded out of the lab , dodged through tuluk 's assistants in the outer area .
five women sat around the living area .
the table in the middle of the room had once been my work area .
grey cloak had n't entered a living area - he 'd entered undertown .
the forward wall of the cabin creaked and suddenly shifted , swinging out on a concealed hinge to reveal a small area behind it , not quite as large as a typical walk - in closet .
a figure hurtled from the deck of the boat to land in a tigerish crouch on the little area of open deck at the rear of the water beetle .
i caught up to the captain of the wardens as we came into sight of the breakfast area , and i let her take the lead .
the breakfast area was in a shambles .
abby 's place was a modest , hectic little apartment , segregated into neatly compartmentalized areas .
' here in topeka , the bereaved who are still well enough and strong enough to do so are urged to take their dead to one of three sites : the disposal plant north of oakland billard park ; the pit area at heartland park race track ; the landfill on southeast sixty - first street , east of forbes field .
on a raised stand to the right of the doors leading into the dining area , four grinning guitarists in tati jackets and sombreros were playing something that sounded like a waltz with pepper on it .
there was an unfocused murmur of approval at this from the area where the card - players were watching .
the office area of the jail was too small to hold three men , three strapping not - quite - men , and one extra - large sheriff comfortably , so avery had herded them into the nearby town gathering hall , which echoed to the soft flutter of the pigeons in the rafters and the steady beat - beat - beat of the grandfather clock behind the podium .
cordelia moved across the room to the kitchen area .
7 sheemie waited at the foot of the stairs which led down to the kitchen area , shifting uneasily from foot to foot and waiting for sai thorin to come back , or to call him .
slipping from the bed , samara kept an ear out for movement from the main area of the shuttle as she pulled her clothes on .
ducking his head , he stepped into the coolness beyond the door and into a small living area .
he ignored the main room , sweeping right through it with the force of a tsunami , and into the sleeping area .
like all pod housing , the facilities were in a screened - off area in the same room .
propelled across the bridge toward the conference area at the back , welch threw her across the table and slammed a hard hand across her face to hold her , bruised cheek down , against the cool metal surface .
at least this area was n't carpeted , so he could simply mop it down and get rid of the evidence .
the junction opened out into an open area , with the walkway cutting across it .
through the dining area window of the suite , i saw the dim outline of the banker , beyond the white curtains , hunched over his computer on the desk , not even noticing that i was looking in at him , probably oblivious because tourists had been looking in all morning .
a good deal of light spilled down into the area though the palazzo must have been four stories high , and the area was naturally sheltered due to its smaller size .
a good deal of light spilled down into the area though the palazzo must have been four stories high , and the area was naturally sheltered due to its smaller size .
i went to the refrigerator in the little dining area , found a bottle of icy cold soda and drank it down in several gulps .
i went into the little kitchen area and made a pot of coffee .
jaime saw a thin white shoot creep down the side of the raised garden area and prod blindly at the concrete of the floor .
it was being held in the fish and meat hall , on the open area of floor beneath harrods ' fish sculpture .
the security guards were directing the museum 's guests to a hallway that seemed to be functioning as some kind of holding area .
the two elderly women sitting outside in the hallway waiting area looked up delightedly at this fortuitous overheard , and stared hungrily at simon as he walked away .
he was sitting by himself in lamp shadow amongst the trees , at one of the rickety green metal tables along the north side , close to where the barnes and noble library area is during the day .
i stepped dripping from the bath into the living area in time to see the doorknob turning .
you could do that then - wander around workrooms and storage areas , the library and archives , without having to check in or get a special pass or security clearance .
we entered a lounge area , and there was a smattering of girls .
there were classrooms , barracks for both boys and girls , two commons , many restricted areas , a gym , a weapons room , an interrogation room ( just the thought made my stomach hurt ) , and an observation room .
the older girls preferred the lounge area , i realized after closer inspection .
the door to the agent 's section was open , and i could see bradley , erik , and a few others trying to get to the girls ' area to protect them , i was sure , as a true agent would do .
my heart began pounding in my chest as i followed behind him , through restricted area after restricted area and into his office .
my heart began pounding in my chest as i followed behind him , through restricted area after restricted area and into his office .
agents littered the lobby area , some striding back and forth with folders , others dragging screaming aliens to ... god knows where .
they insisted i move you to the common holding area - those are co - ed and , i ' m afraid , not well - monitored . ''
josh opened a vpn connection to a private server he used mostly as a relay and staging area for online operations - transforming and bouncing encrypted reports around the internet before delivering them to central .
the corridor opened onto a larger area , and sloane and martin stopped dead , rotating their headlamps left and right , revealing the room in flashes like a lighthouse carving streams of light into the night .
the area around the sub collapsed when two researchers approached it .
he moved out of the main corridor , following the flow of mostly men into an open area with rows of lockers .
every twenty feet or so was a large door , apparently a corridor to some other area .
there were a lot of what - ifs ... david found another schematic on the wall and scanned through the areas .
the spiral deposits us into a larger staging area , no doubt used to sort and store supplies .
after some debate , the immari council - that 's kane , craig , and lord barton , my now father - in - law , decided we should move up the structure , into the area that contains the methane pockets .
the first area is a corridor , ten feet wide by thirty feet long .
david looked up , studying the area above the stairs .
he walked closer to the area where the hologram was forming .
if the immari 's enemy - whoever the raiders on horseback were - ever breached the outer wall , they would shred them in this area in between .
` ` i 'll show you the main areas when we arrive .
as soon as they stepped into the lighted area , a guard called to them from the bridge .
as these last traces faded , one area persisted , off to the left .
he searched the aerobics area for lieutenant brusserman , but saw no sign of him .
half shoved , jason tumbled into the reception area .
so what you 're saying is that these creatures have been mostly hanging out in lighted areas . ''
ashley searched for any other exit from the nesting area .
the half - assed contraption had been hurriedly slapped on his leg after climbing back to the nest area .
this was the only nonpolished area of the chamber , looking as if it had been crudely chopped out of the rock .
stepping gingerly across the threshold , careful of the glass , ben entered the reception area .
he pushed through the door to the reception area .
the readout on the belt changed from 4 to 3 just as he pushed through into the trashed reception area .
harry stumbled into the reception area .
amanda slipped down the hall and entered the central area of this tier .
at least someone had sanded the floor and strewn a few rubber mats over some of the busier work areas .
as she headed out , a blue - uniformed woman crossed the common area , an arm raised to catch her attention .
she turned and headed back across the central common area , aiming for the cabin that housed the station 's shortwave hookup to omega .
here , instead of a common open area like the tiers above , the stairs opened onto a long hall .
... ninety ... ninety - five ... ice again rained down around them , but they were beyond the worst of the blast area .
many areas of the subterranean structure had been weakened by winding roots and centuries of accumulated clay and soil .
free of the plane now , jack crossed through the con - course to the customs area .
jack followed karen toward the bedroom area .
with mwahu following , they moved on through the earthquake - ravaged city to where a bus still serviced the university area .
` ` we should skirt around this area , '' nate said .
they parted , and without another word , they headed to the ladder leading down to the common areas of the dwelling .
after helping kelly down , they both walked through the common area to the large front deck .
to the left , a bank of empty stainless - steel cages covered one wall , while the other side opened into a scrub area and the half - renovated operating room .
it was one of twelve cameras posted at key positions , areas that offered the best vantage for observing the test subjects ' daily routine .
according to malik , the nursery area was shielded with copper wiring in the walls , to insulate the nascent intelligence from contamination .
` ` we 're getting readings all along this area , '' the curator said , standing up .
ahead , the transept areas to either side of the altar had been roped off , but there were plenty of empty seats in the central nave .
the doors opened into an ordinary - looking reception area , manned by two armed guards and a female receptionist .
the crew of scrittori had done the initial spadework in the main vatican library ; now vigor sifted for clues about the magi in one of the most guarded areas of the holy see : the archivio segretto vaticano , the infamous secret archives of the vatican .
monk shrugged and came around into the main cabin area .
it 's located in the most ancient area of the catacomb . ''
gray watched the trio of men exit the tomb area , trailing wires that led to the device .
up the few steps to the metal platform , the wash of light still radiated from the tomb area .
colored lights framed a dancing area , a rock band on a makeshift stage pounded out a riff , and young people writhed , laughed , and yelled .
the rooms were always the most secured area of the palace .
staying low , she worked from passage to hall to room , circling the kitchen area .
even still , electricity was not to be wasted and had been limited to select areas of the castle .
he needed his hands free as he sifted through the mountain of paperwork that logan had faxed to their staging area in kathmandu .
at the back of the solarium , they passed through a stained - glass door and reached a seating area of rattan and mahogany woods , a small salon dug into the side of the main house .
in a few minutes , they were ushered past the reception area , through a large gray maze of cubicles and offices , and into a conference room .
before the standoff could be resolved , a shout came from the reception area .
still clutching the silver crucifix in his palm , he pocketed it before stepping into the reception area .
the remainder of the cabin consisted of a comfortable seating area of teak furniture facing patio doors and a shaded balcony .
a caravan of vehicles flowed out from the staging area in front of the polissia hotel .
the entire grandstand area was cordoned off with fences , gates , and patrolling guards - on foot and in open jeeps .
beyond the gaggle of tv vans , gray spotted a green army jeep hightailing it away from the media area .
it had been converted into a domicile for the technicians : bedrooms , exercise space , and a central communal area full of sofas and dining tables .
he burst through the sterile prep area and into the operating room .
the room held a single bed and a small play area with a yellow plastic table and a set of children 's chairs around it .
` ` the santa croce area also houses some of the oldest sections of the university of venice .
the explosion took place in the apse , the area behind the main altar .
not wanting to contaminate the crime scene , rachel circled around the outside of the taped - off area .
for the past hour , he had canvassed all the public areas of the hotel , including the limelight bar , where gorman was supposed to meet their mysterious contact .
painter guided him toward a settee in an empty area of the lobby .
a staging area for the caterers had been set up in the central room with desks shoved to the walls and replaced by rolling food - tray cabinets , chafing dishes , and storage bins .
they all sped faster , running through the ruined catering area .
the pile of maps looked more like a war room than the staging area for a casual hunt .
after he found tucker , the pair had quickly retreated out of the construction area .
she approached it , noting out of the corner of her eye that lisa sat in the waiting area , a space as sumptuously furnished as would be expected from the exterior , decked out in velvets and overstuffed cushions .
if you 'll stand over there ... '' she waved a manicured hand away from the waiting area , toward a corner .
his team had already spent an hour at the airport , tracking all the exits and baggage areas , checking to see if kane could pick up her scent .
the pen camera in the reception area is still operational , but offered no clue to her whereabouts .
one showed the reception area of the north charleston fertility clinic .
she needed to reach a public area , get access to a phone .
the one planted in the clinic 's reception area .
robert stared at the grayed - out areas now , eating through the facility like a cancer .
in the crew area , naomi , amos , and shed were still strapped into their crash couches .
miller saw the change in havelock as they walked across the common area to their desks .
fred asked , pulling a chair away from the six - seat dining area and sitting down across from holden .
it was no surprise to him when he looked up from his wanderings and discovered he 'd come to the elevator to the docking area .
about a dozen meters down the corridor , in a coffee shop seating area separated by a waist - high black iron fence , one of the mafia thugs had been cut off from his group by a dozen citizens .
what really worried him was the large , slightly - warmer - than - space area just a few dozen meters above thoth station .
miller signed in and crawled through the awkward ojino - gouch - style airlock , seventy years out of date and hardly larger than a torpedo tube , into the cramped crew area of the talbot leeds .
he walked through the wastewater treatment control areas like a scuba diver in a grotto .
` ` only area without power seems to be the galley .
outside the windows of the common areas , the binnenhof seemed to sink and the huge anthill of buildings that was the hague spread out under a perfect blue sky .
many corridors did n't have lights , and the automatic pressure doors had been hand cranked and then wedged open ; if one area of the station suddenly lost pressure , many adjoining sections would as well .
people got up and began dispersing toward restrooms and smoking areas .
the area itself looked a lot like the one they 'd just left , except that this one had a small crowd of people in it .
as she moved through the suite toward the exit , she saw martens pouring powdered creamer into a cup of coffee in the small kitchen area .
if the inner hatch into the cargo area is showing a good seal , just override the alarm and let 's go . ''
` ` primary was n't in the blast area .
they 'd be on the station for only three hours , while cargo was transferred from the shuttle to mao 's yacht , but they 'd been assigned a suite of four full - sized bedrooms , each with its own shower , and a massive lounge area .
its cargo area was just large enough to contain the supplies they 'd need for a lengthy voyage .
amos ' rooms were , if anything , smaller than the bunks on the rocinante : two small privacy areas , a common space less than half the size of the galley , and a bathroom with a fold - out sink and toilet in the shower stall .
for a moment , avasarala thought she might be going to salute , but instead , she lumbered out toward the complimentary bar in the wide common area .
she walked to the common area of the suite .
at least some of them should be in the areas of the ship they were passing through , but so far they had n't run across a single one .
his father said as they rounded one of the seating areas .
no unaccompanied minors on the tube system or service tunnels , no gatherings in the common areas after seven .
bull had planned the route to pass through all the most populated public areas between the innermost areas of the ship and its skin .
bull had planned the route to pass through all the most populated public areas between the innermost areas of the ship and its skin .
a group of workers in civilian jumpsuits came into the dining area and sat down .
we 're setting up a temporary emergency area in the officers ' mess .
she did n't know how much damage she 'd have to do to get into the inner areas of the ship .
it looked like crew areas .
every bed in every room was filled with injured people , and sometimes the benches and chairs in the waiting areas .
holden stepped into the storage area .
in her head , she reviewed the protocols for their return to the forward staging area .
he pictured the fall of the axe , the bloody rush out of the hills , the frustrating time lost moving josh safely from the forward staging area to here .
but i think you 'll be more comfortable in our recreation area . ''
` ` i 'll take you to our communal area .
he sipped dourly from a cup of hot tea , listening to the chatter from the handful of base personnel who shared the recreation area .
the lower half contained the dining facilities , while a corkscrew staircase led up to a loft that held a small library , a bank of computers , and a conference area .
glassware fell from shelves in the dining area , and several of the triangular panes of window cracked into splinters from the concussion .
the cdc was to set up another quarantine area in the hangar , in time to accept the incoming victims .
the deafening barrage covered the approach of her attacker from the kitchen area .
he examined the bedroom , the bath , the dining area .
the knowledge that scarlet was down in the dock 's viewing area watching as he vainly tried to get his ship off the ground made each successive failure a little more humiliating .
` ` the common area 's clear . ''
han traced patterns in the grain of the polished stone walls and counted the leaves on the ferns and ivy that struggled to make the waiting area seem natural and welcoming .
out in the sleeping area , baasen was banging on the r3 unit and demanding that it speak .
in the lounge area , the passengers were in different stages of recovering themselves .
lucia was on the little porch area , sweeping the bricks with a broom made from a local grass analog that smelled like manure and peppermint and turned from black to gold when you cut it .
of building a larger kitchen and dining area on the back of the house .
chapter twenty - one : basia basia stood at the edge of the landing area , steel shackles damp with his sweat and chafing his wrists and forearms .
the deck above the storage and airlock area was a large compartment filled with gimbaled chairs and wall - mounted screens and control panels .
their target area for setting up the emergency lock is aft of the main storage area .
their target area for setting up the emergency lock is aft of the main storage area .
one of the worms was climbing up a wall near their sleeping area and he grabbed it to throw it outside .
elvi looked unconvinced , but holden waited her out and she eventually headed off toward the area of the tower given over to lab work .
then he dug through the supplies in the cargo area until he found a reload for the ship 's probe launcher , opened the probe up , and stuffed the bag inside the casing .
the reception area was a wood - paneled room with brown carpeting and taxidermied animal heads mounted on every available piece of vertical real estate .
ethan hesitated for a moment , and then finally turned and headed toward the waiting area .
ethan eased down into one of the four upholstered chairs in the sitting area .
the shadow lengthened as the man stepped over the threshold and moved slowly down the short hallway that opened into a living area .
a soft click , and then a beam of light shot into the living area and tracked slowly across the wall where bookshelves surrounded two large windows , presently curtained .
in the microwave door above the stove top , ethan locked on the reflection of the man in the yellow poncho who now stood in the living area , staring toward a doorway in the north wall that opened into a bedroom .
would you mind getting him a cup of coffee and showing him over to the waiting area ? ''
so watch your danger areas .
` ` which way to the baggage claim area ? ''
this area was designed to hold me in my weakened , diseased state .
` ` four black vans speeding toward this storage area .
the closest elementary school got out before the high school , so when kendra entered the day - care area , kids were already coloring , building with blocks , squabbling over toys , and running around .
those locations are not described in the journal , but are hidden at fablehaven in a secret room beyond an area in the dungeon called the hall of dread .
since he had only been in this area right at the start , he doubled back whenever corridors led him too far away .
in another area a few dozen cars were parked , ranging from luxury vehicles to junk - lot candidates .
neil paced around the area , clearly frustrated .
kendra saw a raised area in the center of the cavern .
there were a couple of chairs in a sitting area beside a canopied bed .
even with the blindfold on , kendra could tell that they had entered a lighted area .
a sizable raised platform of reddish stone dominated the area , looking almost like an outdoor stage .
they were in a hallway around a corner from the viewing area .
with outside help , bahumat was moved to a new holding area in the basement of the church .
kaladin shook his head , accepting his own stew and then walking past the cauldron into the darker area beside the barrack .
the sitting room was a large open area , used for receiving callers or holding meetings .
` ` report at the guard posts from now on when you visit , '' the man said , pointing toward a small , lit area in the distance behind them .
that area rose enough above the yard floor to stay dry .
the large floor mosaic swirled around the center , but the swords of each knight pointed toward the same area of the wall , so shallan walked in that direction .
this newer area of the building was less like a kindergarten , more like a dentist 's office , with individual rooms along a hallway decorated in tans with fake plants beside doorways .
turning , she peered into the common room that divided the front of the ship from the living areas .
they stepped into a small lobby , with an arched doorway that led into a dining area where some people were crowded around a table playing cards .
thorne cocked his head toward the dining area .
she followed the attendant out of the dressing room and into a luxuriously furnished sitting area , where she spotted her new ` ` husband . ''
iko took them down two hallways , listening for voices or footsteps but finding these lesser - used areas abandoned .
to the left , near the fence , were two long , wooden buildings that looked like they might be a shower area .
the shower and restroom area had taken a hit as well .
micah took me to a midsized tent at the back of the reservation that had been used as a makeshift sleeping area .
i nodded at him and headed across the reservation to the shower area .
he pointed out areas where they made clothes and other necessities , like soap and furniture .
then we exited through the far door into a central staging area , with double doors at the end of a long hallway .
i knew from the floor plan i had seen during training that this bottom level of the lighthouse had three outer rooms , with the stairs leading to the top somewhere to the left , and that to the right the rooms opened up into a back area with at least one more larger space .
then into a larger area with a few chairs , her strange library to either side .
lacond could have sat in the orchestra area with one guest , but that would have meant leaving the rest of us behind .
the living room served as that latter area .
a breeze blew into the reception area .
it was an enormous , brown , mud coated circular tent , with wooden planks as bleachers that circled a sunken fighting area .
the area where they sat was on a raised platform , so he was in full view of the audience .
the chosen human men were milling around inside the cavernous area we were in .
before us , in the center of the coliseum , was an area filled with the human men still in their space travel wear - helmets included .
i sort of haphazardly arranged my living space - this area for cooking and eating , that for study , and the one over there for sleeping .
i 'd never even considered building interior walls in the tower , so it was really just one big room with certain areas devoted to certain activities .
pol rose and went over to the kitchen area .
polgara was busy in the kitchen area , but she was obviously not missing very much .
she went to a cluttered area of uncle beldin 's tower and began rummaging around through the empty wooden boxes uncle had stacked there .
when we reached the area just in front of the throne , my father and i surrendered custody of beldaran over to riva and stepped back a pace .
i took my copy to my favorite oversized chair beside the fireplace in the kitchen area and untied the ribbon that kept it rolled up .
i was in the kitchen area fixing supper .
' i just had a religious experience , ' sparhawk murmured as they walked into the noisy area near the docks .
the area below decks was illuminated by pale glowing spots of light recessed into the ceiling and covered over by what appeared to be glass .
let 's get that all set up and make sure that the atans vanion 's calling in are in the staging areas before we broach the subject to the troll - gods .
vanion 's small atan detachments were streaming into the staging areas along the atan border from all over tamuli , and tikume had promised several thousand eastern peloi in addition to the three hundred bowmen kring had taken with him back to atana .
by evening they had cleared a semicircular area around the fireplace , finding in the process a couple of couches , several chairs , and a sturdy table .
the next day , garion was in a small , curtained - off area in the main tent going over his maps and his carefully organized lists , trying to determine if there was anything he had overlooked .
sparhawk hissed to his squire as he and delada passed the barred gate of an area set off from the rest of the cellar where sparhawk 's squire and delada 's guardsmen waited .
the area above the ceiling was a vast , domed emptiness , dusty and stale - smelling .
the ` ` care - givers '' did n't seem to be very interested - at least not until the howling newborns reached the area near the west side of the chamber .
the malloreans of emperor ' zakath steadfastly refused to emerge from their staging areas around thull zelik .
' zakath , the mallorean emperor , has set up a staging area on the plains outside thull zelik to receive his troops as he ferries them in .
the curve of the stairway brought a lighted area into view as they descended .
when they came out of the corridor , they were in a vaulted area that seemed not so much like a room but rather a large roofed place .
they pulled garion across the lighted area .
he started to lead the men holding garion through a shadowy area between two pillars , then stopped again .
small sparkling lights hung around the edges of the space , but the area was darker than the main terrace , where evaline and i had made our arrival .
this area of the museum was cluttered and dusty , with crates and boxes stacked in haphazard fashion .
to that end , i donned a protective apron and strapped on my goggles , then closed the door to my work area .
a gaslamp lit the area , and i realized it was a narrow passageway that ran parallel to the room behind the double doors .
even though dylan had accidentally traveled here from london in 2016 , somehow that singular device occasionally - very occasionally - was able to connect him back to that time if he stood in a particular area of the museum .
silk drapery covered two of the walls , fine rugs from india covered the floor , and a small dining area was nestled off to one side .
i handed two shillings to the gatesman , who ushered both of us into the exhibition area .
once we entered the exhibition area , i lost track of evaline .
the area was dusty and filled with cobwebs , lit only by rainy , gray light coming through two small window slits .
miss holmes , you are the most- '' his exclamation was aborted when a ball of fur blasted into the area , barking and yapping wildly .
grayling 's work area was just as strewn with paper piles , but on his desk was an automated ink - stipper for refilling writing implements , the newest model of mr . kodak 's camera , a stack of books ( one of which i recognized as the excellent gray 's anatomy ) , and a small wooden case that likely contained some sort of gadget .
there were many lights strung up throughout the area and i was shocked to note that most of them were the clear electric bulbs that had been illegal for the past five years .
i came back out into the main area and slipped past the kitchen and through the living space .
asked peter from the clinic area .
the truck was picking up speed , which made running up to the cab area no longer an option .
bodo sat on a mattress on the floor , and coli stood in the area we had designated as the pantry .
he was staring out into the evening - lit field that reached the edge of the shower area .
asked bodo , as we moved along the trail to the pool area and loom hut .
then trip 's voice came from inside the passenger area .
i walked outside , headed to the garden area where i was pretty certain i 'd find my wayward boyfriend .
a flame came out of the middle of the canner group and flew over the fence , landing in the middle of the front sidewalk area and smashing into a lake of fire .
peter left the sleeping area and came back with a basket of food , setting it down next to my mattress .
i was finally able to open my heavy lids and look around a few minutes later , as we were entering the area around the clinic .
peter left the sleeping area and came back with a basket that had been sitting on the shelves .
eventually , i got to the edge of the trees that ringed the area near the shower .
i left the eating area used by the tribe and walked back towards my hut .
i nearly rubbed my hands with anticipation as i left the pool area for our hut .
i left the loom area , keeping a close eye on the pool , seeing nothing moving inside but the currents of water that were feeding it .
we wandered over to the eating area .
* * * jamal and ronald settled into our hut , sharing bodo 's mattress which we dragged into the kitchen area to give them some privacy .
` ` will do , '' i said , looking over at the sleeping area .
* * * i arrived at the pool area to find fohi and rob sitting on the walkway , getting dressed , surrounded by giggling girls .
* * * i ran right into our hut , not stopping until i got to the sleeping area .
i said breathlessly , turning back to the kitchen area and slinging my backpack up to my shoulders .
he looked around the kitchen and sleeping area , his eyes sweeping past the pantry and then over to my face .
all i saw were shoes of all types and colors , shelved from floor to ceiling , sweaters folded like they were on display in a department store and color - coded by shade , leather purses and other totes lined up like soldiers on a top shelf , and possibly hundreds of men 's suits and women 's dresses and other clothes in the closet area beyond .
thirty minutes later we pulled into the valet area of the prison .
` ` let 's just get in past the gate , go inside to the front waiting area or whatever , and set up camp there .
` ` this is going to take all night , '' i said , moving out of the building and across the front lawn area over to the main gate .
we started in the hallway to the left of the front desk area .
the smell followed us out into the main part of the prison and then into the guards ' area .
i joined him just outside the living area of our hut .
` ` and we all know you could use less of that , '' said peter , giggling from the pantry area .
chapter two i stayed in the living area of our hut , refusing on principle to go talk to bodo first .
he passed by us and went into the bedroom area , lying down on his back and putting his good arm behind his head .
kowi looked around the hut and surrounding area .
bodo was gesturing to the area where the test - fighting went on .
we sat down in the kitchen area and chatted about the upcoming plans while we munched on our food .
i caught glimpses of the sliding glass door and an area around the pool .
i propped the bike on the edge of the kitchen counter and tiptoed over to the sliding glass doors that led out to the pool area of the house .
flashes of memory hit me , visions of the beer cans and liquor bottles spread around the pool area of the cop 's house - where the canners were having their bar - b - cue .
* * * the canners had me in their grip , pulling me by the shoulders towards their fire pit area .
cracker barrels were all designed the same way , with a large open area in front that held rocking chairs for sale and big chess games set up in between them .
i crept up to the porch of the restaurant , headed not for the front doors , but for a small window that i knew looked into the gift shop area .
` ` grenades , bodo , '' corrected peter , absently , still focused on the suv 's cargo area .
the girl backed up out of the area behind the register and walked over to the brochure rack , pulling three fliers off .
then she left the room for a back office area for a second and came back with another one that she placed on top of the others .
maybe the area behind it was full of painted warriors with arrows pointed at us .
once i got through to the other side , i realized it was acting as a screen , blocking the view from the boat area of the two small huts we were standing in front of now .
yokci , go start tracking him from the shower area . ''
i moved slowly into the area designated for our challenge , watching him move , looking to see where he might have a tell - the thing that would show me his favorite move or his biggest weakness .
i gestured to the living room part of our quarters rather than the area with the mattresses .
* * * people filtered into the area near the ceremonial lodge a half hour before the actual meeting .
` ` let 's remove ourselves to the sitting area and let the show begin . ''
the next car was n't for passengers ; it was some kind of storage area .
now that they were out of the building , the man who 'd pushed him along grabbed him roughly and dragged him farther away , to an area where others were taking bryson and sarah .
a stone from one of the trebuchets might have crushed it , but the one machine was still broken , and the wildlings had gone wide around the area where the other dropped its loads .
i pick out an area where the soldiers are all watching the jumbotrons , then nod at pascao .
chian ushers us out of the curtained area and back to the main ballroom .
caught in a few beams of dusty sunlight from the closed blinds at the front , he sees a simple , plain living room , merging into an open dining area on his right , leading to a doorway through to the kitchen at the back of the house .
he remembers the shock of what awaited him above the mantelpiece , like a punch to the gut , telling him just exactly what hell he 'd woken up to - but he also remembers the dining area leading on from the sitting room , and the kitchen beyond that .
sandbox and small play area aside , the steepness of the hill prevented it from being much fun .
nothing 's been disturbed , other than where he disturbed it , in either the living or dining areas , nothing moved in the cubbyhole , everything in the kitchen just as he left it .
mistress coyle asks for the hundredth time as we leave the breakfast area the next morning , shaking off jane 's last insistences that we have more tea .
foraging around the medical area , i found the main bottle of vitamins .
the medical area has morphine for emergencies .
the hermes crew enjoyed their scant personal time in an area called ` ` the rec '' .
the regulator has to be in the pressurized area and it 's too big to fit in the rover .
the pressurized area is easily big enough to fit the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator .
all i need is a pressurized area that i can work in .
the area around the mav looks like the set of sanford and son .
` ` ' james k. polk rest area , ' '' i said .
i took the books and walked across the casino , cutting through the kitchen to the hoegaarden 's area .
mom stepped in first , and immediately went to sit in the arm chair in the seating area of the suite .
then i heard long nails scrape over the old ceramic tiles that coated the shabby little kitchen area .
already , there are whispers circulating the neighbourhood that i should nt have survived the crash : that i was seated in an area farthest from any exit points ; that i d still been seen standing on the bus as the train struck .
when she left the adoration area she found her way into the confession line .
by the time they left the vending area , stacy had also acquired a book on divine mercy and an 8x10 image that , when looked at head on , was a picture of divine mercy , but when looked at from either side became a picture of the shroud .
when she got back to the area of the auditorium where her family had reserved their seats by placing personal items on them , the rest of the family was gone , either at the expo center or in the rest rooms .
as they entered the dimly - lit living area , stacy could make out couples scattered everywhere throughout the room .
there was a viewing area above where parents and other interested onlookers were beginning to gather .
students milled about the commons area ; some eating , most simply socializing .
the waiting area was empty .
haven leaned over to look and saw a receptionist 's area beyond , with several men and women seated behind a long desk next to a big glass door which led to the outside world .
dormer has his repair station , and there 's also a sorry excuse for a dining room , along with a meeting area where we can all get together and either relax or prepare for an excursion .
haven followed her over to the dark area of the dome floor that was scattered with all sorts of electronic equipment .
lights bolted to the jagged ceiling dimly lit the area .
he moved quickly past the unconscious woman and down a long hallway that led away from the receptionist 's area .
she hit colton and pulled him with her to the small area of safety at the front of the elevator next to the open door .
i walked into the garage area where stephen and gabe where working on something mechanical .
a familiar face staring at me from across the waiting area .
i quickly but carefully made it through the crowded area to him .
i m forming the questions ill ask mom on the drive home when i come across another fresh hell in the waiting area .
they had the area partitioned off .
an open door off the living area leads to what must be a bedroom , but i wo nt let my mind go there .
about a dozen people , most dressed in the orange t - shirts that mark them as carnival workers , are in the loading area .
max edges away from the group to stand next to me , thankfully on the side opposite the train in the loading area .
the living area is spotless aside from a crumpled fast food bag on the kitchen table .
the pool area is a showpiece , with a waterfall cascading into a curvaceous pool and a gleaming patio area studded with palm trees and adorned with fragrant tropical flowers .
the pool area is a showpiece , with a waterfall cascading into a curvaceous pool and a gleaming patio area studded with palm trees and adorned with fragrant tropical flowers .
i walked over to the edge of the enclosed area and looked out .
the drywall was damaged in multiple areas .
she sat down to watch our stuff as i took kelly over to the playground area .
a young female officer took kelly to a small waiting area that had a few toys and coloring books , while detective ramos escorted my mother and tommy to one of the interview rooms .
the stalks curled around a center area , forming a tiny indent deep in the shadows .
under the empty and quiet dance floor of the dance hall is a small area of space containing a few pieces of used , ripped , and stinky furniture from once ago when the city of birmingham held town events long before the nuke war iii , the two yellow faded sofas , three oversized red leather rippled chairs , single oak square table , four lamps , and a dirty beige rug under all the furniture decorates into a compact neatly hidden storage basement with lots of other secret things .
two atvs with drivers of baycliff and mccamy wait impatiently in front of the play ground area where locates the tire swings , and slide on the out skirts of wild flower fields , and horse pastures for the other vehicles as pemona and rusks atv zooms out of the garage , almost running over my foot .
vovina , move the crowds outside to the designated areas for visitors while i explain the new rules of the huntress game to the captured teens , prepping them for their fighting competition .
he fingers the dark pit of the space shuttle called , a storage area .
the assigned honor guard at the sentry gate quizzes me about my name and my destination , then she swiftly escorts me to the medical area , located in the south wing of palace .
i pop open my eyelashes and search the immediate surroundings consisting of tall medical staff golden - plated lockers built into the dressing area of the bathroom area .
i pop open my eyelashes and search the immediate surroundings consisting of tall medical staff golden - plated lockers built into the dressing area of the bathroom area .
there area few patches of green grass for at least one or two horses .
the middle tier contains the landing bays , the ship and bot maintenance shops , medical emergency centers , and the supply storages areas .
i am not allowed into the testing area .
i note like a true warrior that the big room fills with bigger fun for little girls a complete set of various electronic comlens , and comfones with a complete bar area with bar stools surrounding the room , six pool tables , three music centers , eight game centers , two dance floors , only one swimming pool that s outside the four sets of french doors along with four gorgeous girls strolling elegantly toward us as ambassador ty who runs planet agri intros wrong - o .
how about a bite of food in the picnic area ?
i shoot with a single blue ray with deadly accuracy t - zapping with telekinesis on the tops of the six caps at least all the units will not be destroyed only the top level floors of all the buildings which will lose air conditioning not the main service areas such as the kitchen of food for eating and the lavatories of water for shitting as i snicker like a slick fox .
i drop my zipper like a bird from a pacing speed and roll into a dive towards the dirt in front of the destroyed complex terrifying the hired help as i land and jump out of my zipper with my twin masers drawn t - canning with telekinesis the viewing area for a surprise ambush as i calmly stroll to the front door destroyed by me .
ill definitely hit something and cause noise in this quiet area since i m practicing under sheath mode with a speedy pace as i giggle .
i would suggest zapping from your private chamber to a single safe spot inside the pool patio area but move the chairs over to the wall , first .
argus swiftly floats from the door into the patio area , wearing a white t - shirt , white shorts , and white flip flops , parking bee_hind in the chair next to garrison , stretching his six feet and six inched muscular frame into the thickly padded yellow duck - designed chaise lounge .
the boys only mess up the master bedroom , the movie room and the kitchen along with the associated area of the bathroom facilities .
the combo living room , dining room , and kitchen counters occupy the common area within priscella , tabitha , and sharonettes dorm suit and paint in a shiny and clean oyster pale beige around the big bold b symbol of bright hot pink , since the single alphabet letter stands ten feet high of a monogrammed letter style when compared to the smaller stark whites of the seven feet letters , splashing in more similar cursory writing of the s and u which are sandwiched between the b on the east wall , devoid of windows .
i told ya hey , argus , lithany , messenger - angel greets sweetly in her smooth alto oboe while tenderly patting her soft furry red - skulled persian as kitty purrs between her arms walking casually into the lounge area with her cute strawberry blonde bobbed hair , glowing pale skin over ruby red lips and big aqua doe eyes inside her oval face on her slender six feet even angel frame .
argus bobs his skull , complimenting as the teens grab pizza boxes and separate into different booths on different sides of the medium - sized banquet room setting up their lunch area .
as her eyes adjusted to the darkness , she saw that she stood in the main seating area of the theatre .
at first it looked like the normal lobby of a government building with high ceilings , windows , and a comfortable seating area with brown leather sofas and plush chairs .
they walked into a living area where a man reading a book sat comfortably in a large chair facing a fireplace .
a large staircase led to the upper floor , and on the opposite side was a dining area with a variety of small wood tables and chairs .
he was sitting in the living area , and another man in his thirties sat by himself .
the three of them followed agent vargas down the main hall to an area where the wounded had been placed in a row .
there was a seating area with couches and chairs .
a half hour later , zoey sat in the common living area at the wander inn with tristan and simon .
she had always wanted to visit the basement area , but she had nt imagined it with a gun in her back .
we pass one safe room , the one that has been converted into a large sleeping area , sleeping bags and pillows pave the floor , there is an occasional five hundred euro note lying randomly in the room , the ones that we must have missed whilst clearing it out .
i exit the large room and move straight for one of the large conference rooms that we have converted into an eating area .
we are lead to the far end of the shop and up a small set of stairs , up to where the small cafe and eating area was for anyone that wanted to sit down and enjoy a mug of hot chocolate , that would have a handful of mini - marshmallows scattered across the surface , slowly melting into the hot liquid making it creamier .
most of the others are waiting at the main entrance area for everyone else to get ready , and i see rick , paul and rosie out front .
the porch area has a brick red coloured tiled floor and the walls are a plain shade of white .
on the third floor , there is a large seating area .
she replies , probably thinking aloud and we move into the conservatory / dining area .
i just narrowly escaped another huge group of the infected ; they seemed to come out from nowhere , all around the supermarket area .
there are two roll mats with sleeping bags sprawled out on the floor the couple are obviously using it as a sleeping area .
chapter thirteen the large green gates to the building that served as a prison of sorts for two years of my life are open , and we drive down the small incline towards the drop off area of the school .
i instruct after a few moments and lead the way through a set of doors in front of us to the eating area .
i looked out over the parking area below and could see nothing but a sea of cars and traffic coming in and going out .
we arrived at the baggage pick up area and stood patiently waiting to retrieve our luggage along with dozens of other people .
there were some guardrails , but many areas had none .
we managed to push boxes aside and clear an area large enough for the two cots that were folded against the wall .
i sneaked up to the entrance area and turned to look at the indian .
again , i came to an area in front of me that was very narrow and only about four feet high .
the light reflected off the wet , stonewalls and illuminated the entire cavernous area like a huge crystal chandelier .
as we stood there the light began to move lower down the wall until it stopped at one area .
the night janitor dragged the vacuum back and forth across the worn and frayed carpet at the schools common area , stopping occasionally to pick up the bits too big for the machine to handle .
he checked the surrounding area to see if anyone had heard her noise , and then shut the door again , dragging her into the mess .
elle grabbed her best friend by the arm and whirled her out into the dining area .
blue picked up a water pitcher and entered the dining area behind elle , the blondes million kilowatt smile ever at the ready .
a - blood types were separated from the other mortals and placed in areas that would later be called the way .
there were also many more tables and chairs littering the dining area that were now supposed to be put up outside .
grettel , get the kitchen going , and elle can do the dining area .
without commenting , he made his way over to the door and looked through the porthole out into the dining area .
fear contorted grettels features and caused her to loop her fingers together in nervous knots when she followed blue out into the dining area .
the girls took him out into the dining area to show him how the tables should be divided .
chapter twenty - one elles spontaneous combustion the bar was packed so tightly that the outdoor area was a relief for the overflow .
the vemreaux fit the sound system and jukebox with speakers that piped the music to the outdoor dining area .
the two continued cleaning up the dining area together , enjoying a few moments of silence .
elle took the outdoor section after she helped blue tear down the tables that covered the dancing area .
before long , the tables filled up , leaving people to wait at the bar or enjoy the night in the outdoor area , which was also becoming more and more populated .
instead , she settled for going out through the dining area to the bar to summon her brother .
without looking behind him , he immediately began cleaning off the rest of the tables in the dining area .
blue shoved elles wad of tips into her apron and went back into the dining area to help her brother tear down the rest of the tables and chairs .
she strolled out of the hallway onto the deserted dancing area that shed already swept up .
the faint hope of another quiet moment alone with the girl was marred by the fact that his friends and her brother sat just a few meters away in the dining area .
sam decided to stop playing dumb since elle was the only other person in the dining area , and her head was resting on the table out of whispering range .
haven missed the loud meals in the meeting area in the middle of the dome room around the fire pit .
the passenger area of the limo was long , lined with bulging leather seats .
soldiers just like the one from coltons room were stationed all around the massive , circular area .
i take it that s not normal , then , said bastian , nodding toward the area where the flashlight had been .
most of the dome room floor was empty of people except for a few soldiers rummaging through dormers work area .
the passenger area of the chopper looked like the inside of a luxury van , which struck colton as odd for many reasons , the biggest being the twin machine guns sticking out from the aircrafts nose .
there was a lounge area up a small flight of stairs to his left and a command center with rows of tables topped with sleek black computers to his right .
the wide , circular lounge area was lined with black , overstuffed couches , black end tables , and even blacker coffee tables .
that 's where devon would be offering tarot readings in a private and specially decorated area .
come on , frankie said as he took her hand and led her seemingly out of the arcade area to the concession stand where he ordered her a bottled water .
i ascertained we left the amusement area because the noise level decreased dramatically .
evidently , the flea market had a service area which contained the arcade , food court and restrooms .
assuming she meant angel trumpet flowering plants , i could feel my anticipation rising as they walked outside and into the first row of the vendor area .
we all three walked out arm in arm where the two dressing room exits met in one area only to find both hayes and webb lock kneed and leaning on the opposite wall with their arms folded like two militia men , waiting .
after handing him my cell to punch in numbers , i looked back over my shoulder to scan the area down the stairs outside my fathers office .
he led me away from the staring faces to the upstairs to an open area sitting room where the boys were playing video games all last night after we told all we knew .
he led me to a large dining area and parked us at the table near the kitchen .
the cover , torn in several areas and missing the lower left portion , looked familiar .
a quick glance around the area revealed stacks of books and scrolls everywhere .
though we still could nt see owen or whoever he was talking to , i could see the area was at least partially filled with computer screens .
in different areas of the open space , there were raised garden beds with matching pale park bench - tops , which framed the healthiest plants they had ever seen .
finally they came to a quiet area , small in comparison to the size of the rest of the place that they had seen , but the room was still the size of an ample living room .
there were lots of students everywhere with books and folders in their arms sitting on the park bench tops , which framed the gardens in different areas of the room .
they had reached one of the seating areas of the common room and avando sat down slowly and jayden followed suit .
they followed the aromas keenly with their noses and found their way to the food areas .
and the others giggled in agreement as they watched the first aid people take him out of the skate area .
when they had finished , the twenty competitors were called back to the middle of the concrete skateboarding area to wait for the winner to be announced .
a fairly fit - looking dark - haired man in his forties stood in front of the microphone in the centre of the concrete area .
once all of the books were sorted , the students proceeded to the tabled sitting area .
you remote controlled it to a particular area and it had video and audio transmitting devices .
they all finished their food and placed their dishes in the dirty plate area .
they headed off outside again , this time with the rest of the class , out to the left and over to the green house area with the extra outdoor garden beds .
they walked across the marble common room , towards the opposite side of the room close by the guest rooms and turned into a short hallway before the entrance to the guest area .
jess finished quickly and they all took their dirty dishes to the area ready for washing and left the dining room in pursuit of robert .
after having a good look everywhere , he turned the torch off and saw a little bit of light was shining in from a couple of different areas .
slowly , like a stalking tiger , a figure was making its way toward this area where they were hidden .
according to the electronic map , this was part of the back area of the college and it was all sealed off from the outside public .
he noticed there were surveillance cameras focusing at various areas and at different times .
getting more confidence in himself now and blending well into the surroundings , jayden edged his way closer to more populated areas of the school .
it had plenty of shelter and open space with kennels in each sectioned off area , as well as another caged area that was a general common area .
it had plenty of shelter and open space with kennels in each sectioned off area , as well as another caged area that was a general common area .
it had plenty of shelter and open space with kennels in each sectioned off area , as well as another caged area that was a general common area .
aaron and jayden worked together , checking for any holes or areas they thought might be big enough for a small pup to escape .
yes , he continued after a short pause , it has deeply saddened my heart today , to have our professor eric showden caught in the act of using one of our surrogates , to place a remote ignition bomb , in a crowded area full of men , women and children .
a couple of lights shone dimly lighting up the main street area .
they were so lucky to still be in the dark shadows and not in the lit area .
as i passed the area where the body was found , i averted my eyes and tried not to panic any worse than i already was .
there was a fenced - in storage area for some of the smaller boats not docked at the marina .
the sound from inside the dining area was like a stadium full of screaming fans .
he quickly stood and turned , taking his tray to the collection area .
she ignored a loud harrumph coming from the dart area .
his head cocked to the side as his eyes shot to the computer area near the library doors .
after half an hour of flying , rae checked out the school from the view she had , constantly keeping an eye on the area where shed left her backpack .
lanford slipped his arm around her and with an iron grip , pulled her across the waiting area .
then the dean pushed her behind him into the reception area , slung a rescue blanket over her shoulders and forced her to look him in the eye .
by the time they made it to the common area , lises enthusiasm had dwindled away and a worried look formed on her face .
lise followed her to the free weights area .
sal pointed to an area behind the bar .
lise lead the way , practically running over to the quaint seating area .
she set her bags down and walked into the kitchen area .
they walked down the stairs and crossed the street to the main campus area .
you re working in the main lab area , reporting to franz rousseau .
the lady pointed to an area filled with several young people who appeared to be interns too .
natalie walked across the gray slate floor to a sitting area of sleek leather chairs and sofas .
he led her through the main common area .
she followed him down another hallway to the main laboratory area .
there are some areas that are designated as clean room only .
he stumbled around the kitchen and dining area , fighting to keep upright with her clinging to his waist .
she stopped before the common area , hovering behind a pillar , determining which way to go .
the main area and front doors were too risky .
the next was in another area tied to a wall and the third was tied up in a storeroom with no ventilation .
even from the viewing areas on the top of buildings the air is too dirty .
he stopped far back from the lighted area and pulled out the night scope .
it seemed incredible that he could have gotten into one of their secure areas undetected .
officer morris skidded onto the taxiway and headed to the aircraft parking area .
they are both empty and we can see the entire tie down area .
the report we are getting is the staging area for the planes is lit up .
cody watched joseph , uday and the other terrorist slowly approach the area where he and sarah were hiding .
chapter 57 the seal team was examining the area where the kids threw the locator .
its got an awning pulled out with a screen draped down from it , and inside the screen area sits a lawn chair next to a little table , making it look like a porch .
black spots dancing in front of my eyes , behind the tears being squeezed out , losing sight of my mother in the kitchen , she s disappearing and she has nt even turned around , i m dying and she wo nt even turn around to see its a few moments before i realize bobby is waiting just outside the kitchen area .
there are comfortable looking chairs in the periodicals area , where several people sit reading newspapers .
i hobble into the kitchen area .
instead of helping , zeke sits in the one dry spot in the clearing and stares at the area where i m piling kindling and brush .
in a dark area like the bar , it should do the trick .
the bar area was set off to the left .
the dining area was on the other side of the kitchen .
one area was devoted to justin while the other was for darren .
i tuck my arms across my chest and lean against the wall behind the shooting area .
all of the items i 'll need are in place inside my working area , everything easy to hand .
i head into the steering area and try to make myself as small as possible .
this camera was more or less focused on the area where beth had tumbled off the cog as it had come to an abrupt halt .
with a slight clenching of her knees or heels , or a sharp tug on the reins ( all of which heddy had managed to rescue from an area of the sheds only partially damaged by the fire ) , she could command her mount to turn first this way then that , even to playfully rear up on its hind legs .
they chatted excitedly and noisily , either preparing the areas where they had chosen to settle down for the night , or gathering in the farms larger rooms set aside as meeting areas .
they chatted excitedly and noisily , either preparing the areas where they had chosen to settle down for the night , or gathering in the farms larger rooms set aside as meeting areas .
walking out to the front of the counter in the dining area , i found the owner lying face down on the floor , a pool of blood surrounding his body .
maybe it was residual tension from seeing the gun on blaines hip , but my anxiety was growing with every step we took through the parking area .
once in the lobby area , we got a better look at the layout of the store .
just past that area was a huge showroom full of fishing and speed boats .
the showroom walls were basically made of glass , and i found it odd that this was the only area that had windows untouched by the intruders .
the warehouse area to the left had outdoor clothing items , weapons , and camping gear .
blaine took my hand and led me to the weapon area .
when we got to the weapons area , i noticed it was in better shape than the rest of the store .
walking out onto the pavement of the parking area , a strange sensation washed over me .
dyos said pointing towards the kitchen area where grethen was making us dinner .
magic encompasses the entire area for a moment encasing thor , hallthor and curios in enchanted chains pulling them to the wall while at the same time loki is released .
the classroom is an expansive area with high windows .
i search the surrounding area trying to figure out who he 's talking to .
why is this area of the house so derelict when the rest is so fancy ?
al leaped to the small kitchen area , struggling with something he had smothered in a towel on the counter .
past the green light of my shackles , i saw a swarm of bodies buzzing around the area where al and eddie had been observing me .
gumshoe marched stolidly past the work areas through a common hub .
he steered towards the new swan , staying in the civilian flight area around the castle .
eli did nt make eye contact with too many of them as the girl led him past the long bar to a partitioned off area behind a tapestry curtain .
lyssa watched him walk in front of her down a garden path that led to a fire pit area .
a large sectional couch made a small sitting area that had a large screen t.v .
he ran through the laundry area and made sort of a mess .
luckily , my mom was sitting in the waiting area just inside the front door .
the glass people had secured an area and i was in it along with ian who i stood protectively in front of .
he arrived to take me to the viewing area .
we entered a large area .
just as i was about to reach out for cassius to stop him , the area opened .
he said , then paused , looking toward the small kitchen just off of the dining area .
hand hewed logs were carved into benches , which made for a cozy conversation area .
he could nt read it as it was written in merrish , but by the pictures he assumed it was the dressing area .
we make our way out the locker room doors into the pool area .
when we pull into the gym area , i automatically start smiling from ear to ear when i see cashs f250 .
when i neared what i thought was the right area , i walked slower .
my father was announcing to the other guests about the performance , and they were gathering in the sitting area provided .
chapter thirty - six it was four in the morning when we pulled into the parking area in front of the big house .
mr . gonzales was yelling so loud that he could be heard all the way in the holding areas .
he yelled pushing past the guards into the area to find me .
groups of shahiroh stood in the central area , identified by their blue robes .
from the hardwood floor , i walk toward my small sunken living area and pause on the sea grass rug .
outside , we cross to the parking area where the chauffeur waits .
spenser pushes through another set of wooden doors to reveal a large reception area .
pushing the glass doors of hurricane caf , we enter a warm area with old wooden chairs and couches .
we walk out into the rain and head to the taxi waiting area .
he turns to look at her sitting at a distance , by the waiting area .
the triple doors from the large entertainment area lead outside to the pool .
he s stronger than you think , he adds , advancing into the area where my bed is .
i turn into the van - bailey driveway , finding a space to park next to a black suv in the visitors area .
her sobs now converted into full - fledged howls while the few other occupants of the waiting area stared at them .
i tried to look around and figure out which area i was in .
we entered the dimly lit viewing room , in front of the main lab area , and took a seat on a long black bench against the wall .
he gestures with his head over to a small girl sitting in the corner of the misting area .
a robust woman with curly red hair calls from outside the misting area .
the garden and livestock areas take up an entire floor .
the temperature in the common area is a little too cold for my flimsy hospital gown so i am anxious to get something on with a little more coverage .
i grimace and then leave the dressing area .
we grab our new clothes and make our way back into the commons area .
my dad 's eyes roam over to a line near the entrance of the meal serving area that currently looks to be closed .
a grinding sound has us all turning to stare at the closed , meal serving area .
we pass by the administration offices and clothing stores until we reach an area that i could of sworn used to be just a wall .
several metal filing cabinets , a copier machine and a small break area make up the rest of the office .
in the middle of the room is a mock living area set up with a couch and a chaise lounge .
he points to an area right behind me . ` `
the elevator lets out in front of the pool area and my nose fills with that strong smell of chlorine .
if you look really closely it looks like there is a whole other floor beneath the storage area . ''
i mean , it 's got to be a pretty big area to take up an entire floor .
then we 'll each go our separate ways , tape up our tablets and then meet by the elevators in the commons area .
* * * * thirty minutes later we ' ve stashed our tablets and are waiting by the elevator in the commons area ; all of us except claire that is .
we manage to get past the elevators and to the area where the blueprints said a door should be .
` ` your friends said that you were trying to climb some cement steps behind the pool area and slipped .
i head to one of the small stores in the commons area and purchase a piece of purple ribbon and some lip - gloss .
the elevator lifts us at its usual quick speed and when it opens up into the common area we step out into a silent hallway .
when we reach the second floor area that is open to below with all of the different offices and shops , my head nearly pops off .
he picks me up and runs with me away from the open air area into a much quieter hall .
i feel the tears running down my cheeks because while the headache is n't as debilitating as it was in the main headquarters area , it still hurts horribly .
when i reach the main outer area where the assembly hall is located i try to open the main doors but find them locked .
we start walking back towards the commons area .
my dad must realize that i need a moment because he pushes his blanket so it covers the area under the bed where i ' m hiding .
i figure if i can make my way to the area above the cave , i could drop through a couple of floors and be there in no time .
the only problem is that if i ' m right , the cave is two floors below the commons area .
a moment later i find myself turning the corner of a hallway that spills out into the commons area .
must be the storage areas .
i could see a few people shooting hoops on one of the basketball courts and others pushing children on swings in a play area , but no one was near me .
please come to the main guest area .
zeke started down the hall , toward the upper areas , leaving me alone to watch him walk away .
we were warned that wandering away from the main areas could be dangerous .
the common area was where we studied , ate and , for those young enough , played games .
lit with luminous globes reminiscent of the green shades of datura , the common area had been redecorated soon after our families admitted exile .
navigation was opposite me , at the front central area of first deck .
third deck at least was some intermediary area between the two coexisting cultures .
it roams around dodging the areas moving in and out of the ceiling , popping in at different points .
i watched her run from the area while the master that held me spoke words in my ear that i did not hear .
i walk around noticing the short outer wall that holds flowers in various areas .
we move to an area of tall rocks and giant iciclesstalactites , jutting down from the ceiling .
these spirit people farm in one far off area that zooms toward me before stopping .
i turn to see children playing in another area .
as they neared the area allocated for the dining tables , she saw , one after another , men of all sorts and ages start to approach her but pull back with a smile once they made eye contact with her .
i quickly stepped out into the open and moved toward where sir albion waited at the third row of the heart of the spectator area .
meanwhile , we would rest in the waiting area .
that ll take about two hours , depending on the traffic , said sasuke as he led us to a quieter seating area away from the main crowd .
we did nt have to queue since there were hardly any people in the reception area .
this i made a sweeping gesture around the area .
chapter 8 archangel israfel straight after atwards speech , sir albion whisked us out of the backstage area then stowed us in a shiny , black limousine parked in an isolated parking space .
he led the way to an area of the school i had nt been to before , stopping in front a room labelled music lab ii .
there were separate areas to prepare the food , separate huts for the latrines , all of which could be easily flushed clean using the waters of a diverted stream connected to a covered cess pit .
reece handed in her last final , and walked out toward the area where her friend jack was meeting her to drive her to the airport .
the men walked through the waiting area and stood near the large windows , away from the crowd .
as soon as she questioned the thought , harrison turned the car into a dark area , which seemed to be a cave or something of that nature .
she quickly turned to leave , and headed out to the sitting area where the men waited .
square columns framed the entry hall and the living room area .
she was thankful to find they had showers here as well , as a large enclosed area , surrounded by clear glass on three sides was perfectly centered on the back wall to her right .
allestaine took navarres arm , and he led both women down into the sitting area where the guests were waiting to meet reece .
simone asked reece to join her and her friends in a more secluded seating area , which was situated in the front corner of the room .
you would nt want to go into the shopping areas that way , though .
the dining area was simple , and not very large from what reece had experienced in the land thus far .
the view from the windows displayed an enclosed garden area , complete with a white stone fountain , and pebbled walkways .
while they waited for the boys return , levi pulled reece over to a more private area .
her attention was drawn to an area of books that might resemble what she was looking for .
she walked over to a sitting area just outside of the library , which overlooked the main entrance to palace .
sitting out on the landing gave her a perfect view of the palaces main entry ; however , levi and his family rarely used this area to enter the palace .
allestaine led her over to a seating area near the large dining room windows , and navarre followed .
they brought us to a holding area , where we found other guardians .
you must understand , though , that i will be forced into a holding area until reece arrives .
the masterpiece of the entire suite was the receiving area in its center which was a giant solarium that contained dozens of plants , an exquisite grand piano , and half a dozen simple chairs scattered into different corners of the room .
he did n't open his eyes , but he no doubt smelled me coming as soon as i stepped into the pool area .
my instincts told me to back slowly out of the pool area , but at least part of that was the natural effect of finding out just how much more dominant he was than i 'd realized .
i left the pool area and headed to the weight room .
suddenly , there was a loud shaking near the area where the black mages were fighting the soldiers .
growled lucas heading off down a hallway towards an area filled with cages .
suddenly a giant tail swept across the area above jaris knocking the three leaders and their warriors backwards , at the same moment a large ape landed right next to jaris pulling him to his feet and dragging him back behind the barrier to where lydia and mace were waiting deep in a chant .
his eyes widened at the sight of the elegant and classy - looking area , which was evidently the lobby .
it was hot and stuffy in the cramped area , but despite all that , there was something warm and calming about the entire building .
ashtons attention fell down to the gaggle of pigeons as they tramped around on the sidewalk toward a pond that glittered to the side of the restaurants outdoor sitting area .
twenty - eight his shrieks filled the parking lot , seeping into the cracks and corners of the entire area .
we found an area where there were couches .
we drove past the barrier and headed up the hill to the seating area .
without uttering a word , she walked away from the counter area where we were standing to a rack containing tubes and miscellaneous bicycle parts .
evidently , the man had detected us walking up the street and , at some point , nestled himself in an area of the driveway imperceptible to us from the sidewalk , even as we approached the house .
she told us to have a seat in the waiting area , where we found johnny b , a veritable mexican jumping bean , fidgeting in his seat .
when richie and his mom at long last joined us in the waiting area , we were a motley crewa mother , father , and big brother chaperoning three teenagers in a police station .
when i reached the counter area , i began snatching up chocolate - frosted donuts from the boxes and handing them to tommy hess , a contemporary of mine from the neighborhood .
grab your things and get to the training area immediately .
she turned away quickly , picking up her pace toward the training area .
her eyes wandered over the training area .
he turned his eyes away from harlow and let them linger on the training area .
harlow double checked herself as she ran for the training area , her heart thumping wildly in her chest ; robin would never let her forget it if she forgot something .
she approached the training area that robin had his group at .
her upper arms began to tremble as they tumbled into the cabin area , passing the lake , and almost busting into the kitchen area .
her upper arms began to tremble as they tumbled into the cabin area , passing the lake , and almost busting into the kitchen area .
she quietly sighed , lifting one hand to her forehead , making sure all of her hair was tucked neatly inside her hat , before walking into the area where the archers were stationed .
* ~*~ * harlow managed to climb one of the thickest trees on the outskirts of the other teams ' meeting area .
he turned to harlow , pointing down to a man on the right of the area .
she tiptoed her way down the empty area of the cabin , the area not lined with sleeping bodies .
she tiptoed her way down the empty area of the cabin , the area not lined with sleeping bodies .
she only stopped when she saw her father running toward the training area .
when they 'd reached the training area , on the way to robin 's cabin , she turned her head up and stood amazed at the sight before her .
again , robin shook his head and pointed to an area close to where the other man had pointed .
chapter nineteen the men in the training field area had a calmness around them that only lasted for a few seconds before murmurs and whispered talking broke out .
this one is being held in the basement area .
head down the stairs and speak with the guard on - duty in that area .
it made harlow 's skin crawl , and it seemed that the closer she came to the basement area , the more uncomfortable the environment became .
she carried rags and towels toward the kitchen area , her disdain for the castle 's gray walls growing more with every step .
she picked up her pace , excitedly , reaching the stairs to the basement area , and prisoner 's quarters , in what felt like an eternity .
* ~*~ * harlow strode toward the kitchen area , where she was supposed to be on duty .
beth comes into the visiting area looking nervous .
the wall was the same too where the students head had exploded , catching the window pane , and this area had been stripped of its paint .
its last step echoed across the enclosed area and though it was clear that remarkably it was nt going to attack , yamato was still on - edge .
greg leaned his bike against some freestanding monkey bars and walked toward the main play area .
greg and his friends had walked across the pump area and headed back up the hill to the thompson household , where no one would be home for at least another hour .
in front of him was a bustling outdoor sitting area , full of people .
after darmiks command center and sleep area were erected , he selected five men from his personal guard to accompany him .
there was a sitting area by the door with two dark green settees and one chair .
a dressing area was off to the side with a privacy screen .
another area was filled with books .
the last area was completely covered with white sheets , concealing the identity of what lay underneath them .
i searched the commons area for her , but she had nt arrived .
surveying a large space area with a t - probe of telepathy , a maintenance shop , i see rusty used and black abused combinations of zippers , carriers , passenger , bots , equipment , tools , and other pieces of repair equipment , and hardware parts .
rann lectures , the third deck is a dining area for all of our guests and captive prisoners , chuckles with his cute description as i sour a face then giggle .
i meet rann at our spot in the small reception area then puff a huff of male hotness .
they would play numerous conqueror card games in the recreational area and drink alcohol , all day and night until pass out on the floor .
while i m living in the lap of luxury compared to his sleeping compartment in the outer office area .
my sharp mind accesses the schematic of the prison floor plans , a visitation area for the loving families to see and interact with the prisoner inmates , during the recreational and private time at the prison planet .
.but i d enjoy more freedom in our play area , the second female prisoner flings without any type of smile or happiness .
an area just down from the book depository where he works .
bark let out a bored sigh , tossed the tablet over to the console and walked toward the mess area .
he watched the man leave for the mess , then bark left through another door that led out to the training area .
i had about a million questions running through my head , but was nt sure if i should ask them in such a public area .
the barracks are on the right of the barbican , they stretch out for part of the wall , housing dormitories and eating areas .
in seconds , we were out of the forest , in the lightened area by the bathrooms .
the next four hours i spent cleaning out the exam rooms and the holding areas for the animals , trying my best to get alex out of my head .
there was a living room area decorated in roses and orchids in large crystal vases .
squat down over this area .
she took in a deep , steadying breath , moving automatically to the back area where the large , yellow wheels sat covered with cheesecloth .
several comfortable chairs were spaced around the room , and a large , low wooden table occupied the central area .
she hefted it over one shoulder , then made her way down the quiet hallway to the main dining area .
rachel looped an arm through michaels and turned him to head back toward the stage area .
together they knelt in the rich dirt at the beginning of the garden area .
she led her horse into the central area .
i do nt know , i croak , throat suddenly dry as i survey the empty commons area .
i look around at the pool area , head sore with the pressure of cleaning it up myself .
the shelter has a curfew , and the smokers mill about the pool area , enjoying their last breath of fresh air and sunset of the night .
he points to the dishwashing area , which is kind of in the corner .
everyone was gathered in the open area of the garden when they walked up , but fate still was nt there .
the open area between the windows and the fireplace had the long solid stone table they always sat around .
it all surrounded a large patio and pool area .
you can wait over there if you d like , she said , pointing to a sitting area .
the library was empty when they walked back to the main area , except for juliette , who was perched on the long stone table they used for meetings .
the packed area around the stage became a dance floor again and it was completely crowded as they made their way through .
there were two floors and the stage was upstairs in a loft style area , with a railing overlooking the lower floor .
addy walked back to the main area of the library and sat down at the table .
in the library , the large stone table they always sat around had been turned , opening up a wide area of the marble floor .
once the doctors finish , we give pap our love before they wheel him off to the or , then we make ourselves comfortable in the waiting area just outside his room .
well , i m heading to the waiting area in case the doctor comes back .
i stop at the edge of the waiting area while they do their best to appraise my demeanor .
after searching the house and the entire party area , i figured you might have taken a walk down here .
she scans the dance area for a millisecond .
your family can make themselves comfortable in the waiting area , and then well bring you back up as soon as you re finished .
i giggle as we walk to rejoin my family in the waiting area .
karla tromped across the living area in her steel - toes .
after his quick tour of the bunkhouse and area around the barn , noah followed his new foreman down the ruts in the road .
the blonde human saddlebag strolled up to the waiting area wall .
the hordes of spectators gathered up their little ones and crammed into the small area around pauls podium .
he pointed to the concessions area .
her and chuck plan to open a viewing area for our newest addition , and you get to talk to folks and their kids about the horses , their babies , ridin , and such .
after i went to the gym i grabbed dinner and went to the commons area in the dorms to watch the latest zombie show with everyone else .
and i commanded my body to keep walking through the living area , up the stairs and to the top deck where i planned to set up our sleeping arrangements .
i started cleaning the dining area and changing table cloths while falcon and maddox placed flowers and candles and silverware .
maddox was inside bussing tables and helping dad clear the dining area .
down the spiral staircase through the open door , i could hear a ruckus from the kitchen area .
though the deck area in the center of the resort was dark , the lights from inside the pool cast a glow onto two people sitting on loungers .
at seven forty - five , i returned to my room after my last shower in the common bathing area .
she walked along the tables lining the area inside the tent , naming each flower she walked by as she stroked their petals .
kids and teachers swarmed the area like a bunk of flies to a bar - b - q .
her eyes soon found an exit from the claustrophobic inducing area .
sherbet , the red headed single mother , was pacing the waiting area the hospital .
multigrain oat bread , a protein and vitamin shake , and a piece of fruit were prepared on identical trays that had to be picked up from the service area , while we kept ourselves in an orderly line .
eight , i responded , rounding the corner toward what we were told would be the common eating area .
its like two rectangular houses connected by a central meeting area .
* * * * * chapter eight shimmering blue when i arrived home that evening , aspen was waiting in the sitting area .
abigail had more of a suite , with a small sitting area in front of yet another fireplace ( i would later learn the house had four .
i was about to rush out into the parking area , barefoot , when i heard a sound behind me .
they went up the staircase and found a quiet area with benches .
walking through the door , she passed down several sets of stairs into a basement area .
at the back of the room a walkway branched off to more living areas .
she though as she dashed towards the source of the noise , entering a large transportation area filled with trucks and large gates that teased entry into the building .
then i remembered the basement area .
after he d finished his speech a guard stood waiting for him and took tobias away into the basement area .
hundreds of seats lined the room with a central chair for a speaker to sit in a large gallery area that loomed behind them with large archways and further seating .
the stairs took us underneath the building into a dimly lit sub - basement area that stank of musk and was riddled with mould and decay .
a garden had once been located in this area and had housed some of the most beautiful flowers in the world .
fifty - five gabe and grace walked back to the central area of the houses of parliament unsure what they would find and how many of their team would have been injured .
as suspected , since it was just past ten pm , the gate was locked and the pool area empty .
i search the surrounding area for something to save me from this innocent interaction and debate shoving the broom into her arms .
i pull my blonde hair into a ponytail before heading to the commons area for breakfast .
hey brie , you re finally awake , one of my other friends , livi , calls as i enter the commons areas .
after school madelyn sees anthony in the recessed area of the side doors of the school building , that 's where he must have appeared out of that first day .
roland nodded , and i hurried down the two steps to the cabin that housed a small table , a tiny kitchenette , a bathroom , and a small sleeping area .
we stopped at the pool area where there was no more cover .
the light that spilled from the door illuminated a small area .
it led us on a race through twisting , sweating corridors , and then once through an odd , open area that raised gooseflesh beneath my feathers .
she signed a form and waited in silence with her mom and brianna in the stark waiting area .
she tried to see to the back of the lounge to the table and bar area , but she could nt find tim .
she leaned her head around the counter toward the piano area .
he pointed toward the stores exit into the mall area .
angel parked half in a regular street parking lot and half in a loading zone area .
after x - rays and stitches , two police officers walked into the partitioned emergency room area where she waited for the next medical decision .
that being as far as she was willing to go , she shoveled some salad and grapes onto her plate , and sat down across from aiden in the dining area of the hall .
beyond the outdoor dining area , white table clothed tables trickled into a long open room .
fernando headed for the outside dining area .
one of the lamps sat in the sitting area , while the other in the dining .
kasey asked as she entered the battle area .
the deck area was a three level stone floor beauty .
despite the hectic atmosphere , john took me right to the actors area .
shadows stood outside in the pool deck area .
my stomach sank the minute we came around the corner and approached the area where family members waited to pick up loved ones .
pushing open the doors that led from the cafeteria to the common area in the middle of campus emma walked out , jason following her .
she and jason wandered over to one of the benches scattered around the common area and sat down .
in the little area next to the kitchen and the living room was a small table with four chairs around it that did nt look like it was used very much .
she pointed in the direction of two crowded bunk rooms , each on the end of the long main area .
she led the way up the stairs , through the balcony area , into the white fluffy lounge room and all the way through to the enormous kitchen .
i nearly turned and said sorry but then i realised that would be stupid so i ran to the door leading to the outdoor area .
right this way ; a member of your party has already arrived , the hostess said as she picked up a handful of menus and led them into the indoor seating area .
the hostess greeted them and led them through the restaurant towards the outside dining area .
her eyes widened when she saw all of her friends already in the dining area .
she disengaged herself from the three girls she was talking to and walked with shawn to the end of the dining area .
please take your things from the collection area .
they signed in and were escorted through the various gates to the interview area .
one area stands out .
the adult cat did all the work ; all i would need to do was to section off an area and make it into a cattery .
as i had dragged them away from the play area and other children they started to throw tantrums .
we had walked into the changing area , the single cubicles were empty , and there was only one middle - aged gentleman with a headset on , clearing away his belongings .
he was dressed with his towel wrapped over his arm ; he hauled his load of toiletries into his bag and left the shower area .
the changing area was still .
as i sluggishly traversed to the changing room , i collected my belongings , placed them on the bench and with towel and shower gel , went back to the shower area and found an empty cubicle .
as there were only two legs visible from under the shower cubicle , the attendant must have thought jim was alone and left the changing area pronto .
as i escaped to the changing area , i could hear the hum of the pressured hand dryers as he was drying his suit , next door .
i was passing through the turnstile in the reception area one day and the manager called me over .
my bed was there , my sitting area , even the windowed walls were the same .
he fumbled around in the area behind the cockpit and pulled out a smartphone and pushed some buttons .
slanting downwards were rooves and shadows , dark and illuminated windows , rising chimneys , roads and courts ; and almost in the very centre was the marketplace which was a large area enclosed by a fort like wall with many arched openings .
an army of water - filled , wooden buckets stood at attention in the area next to the door .
he opened the door and they entered a modest - sized room with a large stone fireplace and bed at one end and a dressing area at the other .
at one end had been arranged a dressing area with a mirror , two freestanding closets , and a large , lumpy , overstuffed chair that looked like someones attempt to soften the otherwise spartan decor .
they stepped over to the dressing area .
he had just entered the stable area when he saw a servant similar to the man he d seen in the kitchen earlier .
he walked over to the dressing area and found a towel and a washbasin full of clean water .
entering the area , they watched spectators mosh to the music of little sister , music that , to andy , sounded like his sister throwing a fit at something he had done to her .
a small common area had been furnished with a threadbare sofa and chair , and a separate bedroom was just big enough for two lumpy cots , one against each wall .
the boys headed toward the majors office , which was located on the other side of the stable area .
chapter eighteen fierce competition andy and his entourage burst into a large open area of the dungeon .
she was sitting down in the far back by the door that leads to the outside eating area .
she walked out of the pool area and as the door started to shut , sebastian stopped it .
they helped her up and headed to a private area to talk .
so many summers the family had spent at the amusement area , complete with carousel , ferris wheel , roller coaster and other rides .
sometimes they would go to the storyland section next to the amusement area and picnic .
dwight was dumbfounded , but he asked the stranger in , and escorted him to the back of the store , where he and rabbit had set up their living area .
when he reached his street , he turned down a gravel back street and ran to the window of the back living area .
instead , she stuck to the areas in which she had chosen to live storeroom , game room , bedroom , hydroponic garden .
she left her room , leaning against the wall for its deceptive safety , and made her way to the living area .
as i shut the car , my ridiculous body odor immediately saturated the small area .
wanting to get away from the old woman , linus stood up and exited the dining area , heading straight for the cashiers counter .
the young man working the register tapped linus on the shoulder and asked him to please move over to the waiting area .
the noise of the plastic hitting the ground caused several customers to look up and see the man who was clearly out of his league use both his forearms to lift his body up onto the counter top and jump over the counter into the area for making coffee .
he sat in the waiting area for news of how she was doing .
she is a kind woman , even after what i said and did she still came to sit with me every evening in the waiting area .
promise , rhapsody assured her as she opened the door and herded them into the waiting area .
after ensuring harmony and melody were going to stay in the comfortable recliners in the visiting area , rhapsody walked back into arias room and stood over her unmoving form .
maam , this area is closed off for emergency personnel only , a policeman told her curtly .
daniel moved through the main area of the room into the bathroom .
here , you ll need this card to get through to our private area .
the doors opened wide on silent hinges and led into a small concourse area with numerous doors leading off to either side .
even in the bohemia of greenwich village the place was surprisingly clean and spacious it had a large bedroom , a kitchen area and small bathroom .
two people , men by the look of them , in the kitchen area , davis reported .
the room was large with the central rectangular area cordoned off with floor - to - ceiling plastic strips .
trust me , daniel said glancing back into the cabin area of the plane and the small , black backpack that was supposed to have been used by the professor , i ve got everything i need in there .
daniel rested the headphones on a hook next to the passenger seat , climbed through the gap between the seats and steadied himself in the cabin area .
seven seconds later the lift doors opened into a small lobby area which led onto drydens opaque , glass - fronted office .
before daniel stepped into the lobby area between the lift and the opaque glass doors he could see the blurred image of a man in the room beyond .
control was at the far end , in the lobby area ; it looked as if he was trying to get down to the ground floor .
dad stands beside me as we lean on the railing that surrounded the pool area .
with that , she led me back to the area where they kept the animals in cages .
on the other side of the cellar was the laundry area .
oisin knew enough to follow the crowds out of the plane and into the baggage areas .
he kept his eye on the area of the corn field where she entered and made his way into the field after her , following the path of broken stalks .
she was lying on her side , facing the area where bloom was about to enter .
if it could nt , the trainer was to have instructed the set builders to reinforce all of the areas of the floor that the animal would transverse .
the fronts of their pants stained dark and roger remembered the day he learned the technique from olga , how she had laid all the towels in the area where he would be standing , but would nt explain why .
the mug shook more violently until the area of the desk around the mug started cracking .
as jasmin looked around the reception area , three other news crews were either setting up or were in the middle of their broadcast .
thank you rebecca , yes , i m standing here in the main reception area of brent valley general hospital in west london , and it really is hard to tell who there are more of : patients or members of the media , such is the frenzy that has developed over this story .
the footage that the news channel was playing was of her brother james , in his pyjamas , looking frightened and hurt , hurrying across the hospital reception area and into the arms of a policewoman and a doctor .
getting that footage of the kid in the reception area had probably saved her job and the fact that none of the other journalists had managed to get so much as a photo would mean that footage was gold dust .
he found a stern - looking nurse at the reception area who did nt even look up at him as he stood in front of her .
he could hear a commotion coming from the reception area .
he had a good view out into the main reception area .
the lift area was empty .
she could see the riot police in the reception area .
in the reception area , there had been a turnaround in the situation .
chapter 18 attack in the hospital reception area stannard was fighting for breath as she relayed the events of the botched rescue to sergeant blunt .
maam , shouted pc nelson , running into the reception area .
he recognised sergeant blunt from the ground - floor reception area .
i managed to make it to the first floor and through the double doors into the open plan area which made up most of the roads department .
on the far side of the chamber a series of wide steps led up to a raised area where the altar would have been in a cathedral .
the area was bathed in a dim fluorescent glow .
johan and shuggy disappeared through the inner door and into a side area off the main enclosure .
yes , i d like to report a disturbance at the zoo - in the area of the monkey house .
the area in front of the stage was a wide - open space populated by row upon row of missing people .
i looked back over to the stage area but all our gear had been cleared away .
they d built something at back of the staging area .
on the far side of the hangar , a regular , modern kitchen had been outfitted , and opposite was a lounge area with flat - screen tv , stacks of unopened dvds and a huge sheepskin rug .
with that he stalked off towards the small area close to daniels wrecking ground that we used for training and started pummeling the punching bag strung from the rafters .
skirrows medical school has their own parking area but victoria decided to park her car at the back , using the back gate as well wherein no cars actually are allowed .
she knew she was sweating with blood when she reached thayers area .
and on the far end part of the house where the kitchen was located , a steel - like bar , next to the cooking area where victoria headed , was also very awesome .
meters away from the kitchen was the dining area where a good - for-12 persons dining table was located with its chairs arranged perfectly .
she was about to go back to the living room when she saw a bottle on top of the table in the dining area .
she ignored it for a moment and continued to walk around the dining area when she suddenly had a quick thought in her mind .
victoria left and walked to the parking area .
he headed out the parking area first and she followed afterwards .
he is already walking back toward the parking area and storehouse by the time i decide its okay with me for her to go .
to his surprise and upset , teagans hit one of the cubs , which had tumbled , unexpectedly , into the area he had thought would be empty .
i go through the breakfast area into the kitchen .
i hold open the door and we enter a waiting area with leather chairs lining both sides .
the tables in the area closest to us are circular and covered in pristine cloth like ours .
we go down the hall to wash up and then come back to the breakfast area .
i peek my head in and see a huge , dark wooden bookcase on my left against the wall of the breakfast area .
it might have played a small factor but the icy chill seems to be following me certain areas of the hall vary in temperature .
we walk over to the dining area .
george jerks me sharply to the left going around the wall to the breakfast area ; slamming sage into the corner of the wall .
the commons area grew quiet and i knew by the shiver that swept over my skin they had arrived ; a feeling i got every time they appeared .
it was a large area with ceilings so high they faded into darkness .
and then , with this realization , holly and i spend the next thirty seconds dancing a little jig around the backstage area , dodging the next lot of contestants .
dim lights led them down a constricted hallway to a larger , open area .
the area seemed well lit , but the ceiling was very low .
erebus headed toward the right , rounding a corner and walking towards a study area with long desks and rows of chairs .
i followed their voices and the smell of freshly cinnamon buns and coffee into the dining area , then shook my head at the moment of dj vu .
running my fingers along the wooden walls , i searched the eating and pool table area , even the cowpokes restroom .
we found a door to the passenger ticket area , and made our way through the crowds to the front , where we paused in the bright sunlight to collect our thoughts .
once through , we drove around the perimeter of red square , a great open area at the centre of the complex , flanked by grand buildings , and really more of an unequal trapezium than a square .
it was a simple room , clean , with just a bed , a wardrobe and chest of drawers , a table with one chair , and a compact kitchen area in one corner ; i shared a bathroom and toilet with the three other tenants on that landing .
although they were waving their guns around , i think they were reluctant to use them against us in a busy shopping area , but one went off in the struggle anyway .
the floor of the spacious entrance area was thickly carpeted and the walls were decorated in traditional style , with gigantic paintings and ornate mouldings , and draped with heavy velvet curtains .
* * * after dinner in the grand dining hall that filled the basement area of the hotel , we returned to our suite and , for a while , we chatted about the flight , the day just finishing and the day to come .
apart from the area at the centre , where considerable restoration work had already taken place , much of the building was clearly fire damaged : many of the windows were just gaping holes , and smoke - blackened smudges rose from each to stain the once - elegant faade .
there appeared to be no glass in the narrow stone windows , and the furniture , consisting of a wooden chair , a small chest and a large mattress , was sparsely arranged in the tiny round area .
around the pool area was a long - dead lawn and trees with crispy , brown leaves .
she patted her face dry with a dishtowel , then walked the few steps to the living room area .
they ran past the oily stoves and piles of burnt pans , out past the front counter , and through the stacks of dusty chairs and tables in the outdoor dining area .
i d thought it was neat when she showed it to me before , and now i realized it had something else going for it : the desk area was stuffed with clues to reeses personality .
panting , i turn a corner and find myself trapped in the bathroom and shower stall area .
the overall room had a curtain along one end which hid the sleeping bunk area away from the test areas .
the overall room had a curtain along one end which hid the sleeping bunk area away from the test areas .
he whipped the heavy stage curtains back , and as he dove through the gap the daylight crept in along with him , bringing life to the normally gloomy back - stage area .
his team slept peacefully in their bunks at the far end of the laboratory , in a living area which was screened off by a blue curtain .
harrap watched fink scurry his way across the work area , stopping every few paces to glance left and right , his head bobbing up and down as he peered into various specimen jars and check around the room .
this continued zig - zagging his stuttering way across the laboratory until he arrived at the sleeping area where he paused for a few more seconds .
if you harm any of my friends , then ill his thoughts stopped as he watched fink take a step forward , into the living area .
this area was clearly visible to harrap , until the voile - like curtain swished back into place behind fink as he disappeared behind it .
he watched as fink finished with all the scientists in the main sleeping area and walked over to a further curtain , set across a corner at the rear of the room .
as lead scientist , he was given the special distinction of having his own curtained off area .
creeping back to the main work area , ensuring he did nt make a sound , his eyes narrowed again as he carefully scanned all around the laboratory .
he decided not to chance injecting harrap first , as he might wake up , and then he d not be able to inject everyone else , but continued to inject the others first , as he was safely behind the curtain that hid the sleeping area from the workstations .
crane pointed to the sleeping areas at the end of the laboratory .
harrap was carrying a roughly hewn sandwich from the adjacent kitchen area , its live contents wriggling frantically , trying to escape before being devoured .
just then barnabas guards escorted a woman and a small boy into the boxed area .
their echoing chants for carnage could be heard through the thick walls of the coliseum , straight into the vast backstage area where the gladiators waited for their upcoming matches .
darrogg then jumped in front of maxtix and escorted him back to his preparation area .
he then looked through the cage at the sea of shouting fans , towards an area reserved for high rollers and high officials .
head back to the preparation area and do a post - fight check on your gear .
directly across from the entrance was a series of steps that led down into a sunken reception area , which was dedicated to those that had an audience with the king .
just beyond that and on the same level as the entrance was long table that made a half circle around the lower reception area .
captain ironmane stayed by the doors , as seveneye and his crew walked down the steps into the reception area .
the king nodded and then looked to the tier above the reception area , where the mystics sat .
unfortunately , many of the other fighters had also wondered to this common area to continue the celebration .
he had more important matters to attend to , so he waved away the paladin , now , go find the equipment distribution area .
he left the door wide open and light from the hallway streamed into the room lighting up the shadowy areas .
there was a closed off area with a thick black curtain hiding something .
it was all an open squared area and several people were leaning against the railing to look down on the dance floor and the scenes below them , watching the onlookers with whispered words and stolen glances .
he left the main area laughing .
holding her tongue ( and her pride ) , willow placed her hand in his and he easily guided her to the grassy dance area .
regret about what i said , about trying to pick a fight with des in such a public area when it was not at all the time for that .
dagdron joined a couple of other rogues heading downstairs to the dungeon area of the classroom tower .
its in the back area not far from the fence , so i wanted to let you know that i m not trying to escape .
a bunch of dresses was suddenly flung off the rack , and one guard started through the exposed area , so dagdron saw no other choice but to grab a bunch of dresses himself .
there were boxes and garbage scattered everywhere , and stagnant water had pooled in different areas .
there was a small bathroom through a doorway on the left - hand side , but other than that there was only one large room that housed a kitchen area , work area , and bedroom area .
there was a small bathroom through a doorway on the left - hand side , but other than that there was only one large room that housed a kitchen area , work area , and bedroom area .
there was a small bathroom through a doorway on the left - hand side , but other than that there was only one large room that housed a kitchen area , work area , and bedroom area .
elloriana rushed to the work table to scour over the papers there while earl looked around the kitchen area .
besides the work area , mercers house was meticulously organized , so it was easy to see what was around .
years ago , the inhabitants of bodaburg decided to start their own adventurer training , so they built the training area .
the common area of the two corner suite dorm rooms was jammed with people .
at the end was the kitchen , which had a few people cooking , and the pickup area was right in - front of it .
lea turned her head away from he girl to look at the kitchen area , seeing julie working in their food with the usual smile that she always had .
a large elevated wooden stage had been built in the middle of the cobblestone area , and it was perfect for speakers or shows .
viktor had seen the stage and courtyard when it was empty , but today it was packed , and so was the area around it .
she ducked into another dark suite , hurried through the reception area into the office in back , and locked the door behind her .
it had a nice atmosphere to match its merchandise , tall wooden shelves and reading areas with antique furniture .
she walked to the back cornerthe philosophy and theology section , which was the emptiest area of all .
but most would file directly through the glass doors into the wide entrance area .
we ve even planted many of our own cameras and microphones in the citys public areas .
first of all , sherlock only tracks people in public areas .
above this was a spacious loft with a kitchen and dining area .
the girls chatting in the dining area were making tea and laughing ridiculously hard about something .
jill tried to rehearse some lines as she headed down the stairs out of the girls dorm area .
she waved jill back into the waiting area .
the director led the way past the weight training area into a large , open room with a padded floor .
they d hardly swallowed breakfast the next morning before they were into their workout attire and off to the training area .
the boss dashed into the reception area for first anterran family insurance , korean town branch , and locked the door behind him .
then he lunged into the largest office beyond the reception area .
he d said grandan would find him at the booth in the northwest corner of the upstairs dining area .
ash made his way into the kitchen area , not caring if his hair was sticking up or how awful he looked .
the problem was we were in an area where no patients could get to and yancey just ignored her .
eventually a guard rejoined him and took him into the visiting area , where frank sat on the other side of a pane of bulletproof glass , with an old style phone on either side .
of course , this place is really a duplex with a common living area in the middle .
the parking lot was not too full , so i parked in an area where there were hardly any cars to wait for them to arrive .
my attention drifted to different areas around the room and settled on the window of the classroom door .
we was out of food , and neither of us could go into the storage area to scrape the sides , 'cause , i mean , we did n't even talk about the idea , but the hunger was still manageable .
maybe she 'd even sneak around the back and -- but no , there was a wide porch area with windows and awnings and hanging u - shaped tree boughs for seats .
the sculpted surface -- lemny could n't resist -- ` ` if you take a peek on your right as we exit this moral disaster area , you 'll see just the merest glimpse of what i -- '' but they were both bowled over by the bursting , too - rapid arrival of a whiskered woman with three eyes , followed by an enormous lumbering sparkling half - invisible form with a small fuzzy thing on its shoulder .
` ` in the meantime , '' she cut max off before he could get started , ` ` why do n't you take a seat in our waiting area ? ''
she smiled then glanced over her shoulder toward the reception area .
if she returns before you 're upstairs , you 'll be waiting in the reception area until morning .
the doors opened silently and leanne stepped out into the familiar reception area .
as we walked to the swimming pool area , i saw winona and some of her friends , including sethunya passing by so i decided to call her over and greet her .
at the swimming pool area the coach had not arrived so the freshmen were still chitchatting by the pool while the seniors were already in , including the group of girls we had seen earlier .
ok , i know you are going to think i m crazy but i think there s another girl i like right here in the swimming pool area .
i did not know what it was exactly that they were arguing about but i intended to ask bagomotsi once they were done just when there were two people before my turn , i saw the unidentified girl i had seen at the swimming pool area the week before .
i went straight to the swimming pool area where he was already swimming as usual .
he ran off to the academic area while they helped mark deal with me .
i was carried off to the admin area by some senior swimmers and as they carried my bloodied body through the school , i regained consciousness and opened my eyes a little bit and saw the worried faces of my friends .
after spending most of the morning in the water , my friends and i decided to play the card game mafia in the front dining area of the boat .
the downstairs area seems abnormally quiet now .
i can see the living room and dining area as i slip quietly into the foyer .
by the time the sandwiches were served the small kitchen area was immaculate again .
sunny took jen over to where the cool area was and got out the sandwiches .
then they walked to the lock house together from the parking area and identified immediately that if the monster were to make it down canal road , then what ?
its dark , and there is no registration area ; just a table with clipboards and pens and a waiting area with couches and chairs .
its dark , and there is no registration area ; just a table with clipboards and pens and a waiting area with couches and chairs .
the cafeteria is one of the few spacious areas in shelby high .
the area where max was setting up the lanterns had been swept clean of debris .
dishes that were stacked neatly on a shelf and pots and pans that hung from the wall beside the bright crackling hearth denoted the kitchen area .
this space served as the familys dining area , and also offered nowhere to hide .
the floor was wood in the sleeping area , but in the main room of the cottage , it was made of packed stone and dirt so that it was solid and level .
outside the door of the training area he could already hear someone approaching .
david said sarcastically as he was ushered to the changing area in the back .
tatsuo slowed his pace as he neared the final set of doors to the main clinic area and was startled to see them fly open as the body of a security guard was propelled through them as though he were shot out of a cannon .
intensified light basked over nearly every surface , but after a few moments he noticed the screen in the back corner , the changing area .
lights went on inside as he found his way round the house and dad motioned for us to return to our waiting area .
plants and small trees had pushed their way through the stone floors of every visible area and the old , browned stone had a rustic quality to it .
a few of the truck drivers were moving back and forth between the restaurant and service area , no doubt full from a large breakfast , preparing for the next step in their respected journeys .
the elevator doors opened with a soft droning hum to reveal the third floor laboratory and research area .
in the center of the room a modern looking device dominated most of the area and appeared to be a large x - ray machine .
dr . metzger steps out of the small curtained area and stops by the nurses desk as she goes .
he turns and opens his mouth to speak , right as a group of people come rushing into the triage area , and jules hears her father 's anxious voice .
from where she sits , a large family picture taken two years ago is visible , hanging over the formal living area couch .
woods surround the playground area and parking lot , and the melody of crickets fills the balmy night air .
people packed the area so tightly that it seemed like a raging river with signs bobbing up and down in the current .
not a sound came from the dark area beyond the stage where he knew the audience sat .
dan walked back to our seats in the waiting area loaded down with coffee , snacks and a smile .
after a few minutes , a young woman handed out paperwork to all the men in the waiting area , including mac , although she looked twice at him and hesitated .
i glanced over to the receptionist area and yes , there she stood .
four other guys sat in the waiting area with him .
each building had its own function , some were sleeping quarters , the kitchen , the living area , one housed the farm animals , and the last one , the biggest , contained the tractor .
the broad sweep of headlights passes over the cage area and i dive under martins trailer .
i watch a black truck pull into the area near the cage .
i crouch in the floor area of the back and lean over the center console .
loretta buzz me in , ryder instructed as he stopped at the gated area .
the fire was contained to the burner and griddle areas .
the venue was starting to fill up with families and couples in their mid - to - late teens , and the seating area was packed .
it was not a large flat , with the lounge and kitchen area effectively being part of the same room , and only being separated by a small breakfast bar .
the council had spent a lot of time the previous year pigeon - proofing the area in order to clean up the mess that accumulated beneath it .
meanwhile zeus had gone over to the kitchen area to where a kettle was boiling on the side next to several bottles of mineral water .
instead , i walked past him and took in the kitchenette / living room area .
i waved back , uneasiness skidding down my spine as i watched them file out of the pool area .
i lowered my voice , though the only other people in the pool area with us were the older couple and they were in the hot tub on the other side of the room .
the reception area was empty , murals of figures wielding lethal weapons adorning its walls .
his wings whipped up and down , sending dead grass , pizza boxes , and pop cans flying around our picnic area .
the house had a total of three full bathrooms , four possible bedrooms , lots of cupboards in the kitchen , and a large area in the basement for a family room .
the door , tables , and the area by the door dissolved away .
on each side of the entryway was a sunken lounge area with oversized ottomans occupied by gorgeous men and women .
we stopped near the booths and seats separating the lounge from the dance area .
mingledance , bran telepathed and nodded toward the dance floor , a spacious area packed so tight i could nt imagine dancing .
we entered an opulent office decorated with plush chairs and a chaise in the private sitting area , a wet bar , and floor - to - ceiling heavy , burgundy draperies .
you ' ve grown quite a bit too , philip said , as they headed toward the baggage claim area .
i did nt even recognize the office area where the secretary sat last year .
the lunchroom had most of the same types of food as last year , but it had been transformed into five actual restaurants , each having its own unique sitting area .
early friday morning before school , i was sitting in the small reading area inside the family room bay window , which cora often used .
the car that blew up was right in front of the window by the bar area , so most of the force came right at them .
eric ran over to me , picked me up over his shoulder and ran us to the winners area .
i m really excited to see it myself , because i was just responsible for helping get the sand and the transportation set up from the parking area .
all around the outside of the dance floor were different sitting areas covered in pillows .
we walked into the gym , which looked the same as usual , but with a couple of themed areas for photos like last year .
after pictures , we walked around the outside of the dance area .
it was like she had taken one of the little tents in the restaurant area and put it on .
we danced to a few more songs and then walked to the dining area with a large group in tow .
she walked into the kitchen area .
walking toward the auction area , i saw bryce .
it caved in , sending water from the pool above flooding into the locker area .
lupe and i found a strip of sofa along the back wall with a good view of most of the club , and most importantly , of the vip area .
the vip area was still roped off and empty .
there kachada was in the vip area looking like a modern sultan with his army of bodyguards .
when kachada had finished snooping through the common areas and my bedroom , he went into iris 's room .
a week into it , i stepped out of the shower into the main area .
i half expected to be brought to the cordoned off vip area to face the king holding court .
faizel and sage had confirmed that kachada was holding court on the ground floor vip area .
i need to make sure the distraction area is clear of people .
finally , in the back of the vip area , ducking down to avoid the stray bullets were iris , giselle , and kachada 's last bodyguard and his gun .
he was beginning to drift around the outside of the dance floor , trying to get to the vip area without kachada seeing him .
chapter four i took my sweet time walking over to the dividers and cringed when i looked behind them and found a tiny sitting area .
i kept my land rover a little ways back and in a more secure area .
a large , dark wooden chair sat in a circular area , illuminated only by candle light .
i loved this area because i felt like it was hiding a filthy , dirty , secret past .
the bar area was packed but the rest of the floor stayed less filled out and felt a bit empty .
i stood awkwardly outside of the practice area , since i did nt know how to put anything away and my only task was picking up my sheet music .
haley stood a little bit behind me , her gun aimed to the left where this area opened up to the childrens section .
he led me over to the kitchen area and directed me to sit on a tall bar stool .
he joined us in the kitchen area , leaning up against the wall .
there were a few decaying bodies lying throughout the area , their stench choking in its ferocity ; the sound of buzzing flies , the only thing to break up the cacophony of feeder sounds above .
he swept up the area to make sure it was clean , and then took his plastic bin full of dirty dishes back to the kitchen .
they reached the lounge area .
kelly was n't particularly fond of the classical piece , but trusted her teacher 's advice , so she practiced it daily.as she was about to begin playing , she heard a soft bump coming from the bar area .
the exit area was empty , but soon new passengers would be getting on .
he spent the night in a soft chair in the waiting area , occasionally dozing off , but mostly awake and praying .
she grabbed a menu and walked into the crowded dining area .
he asked , motioning to the area behind the vendors trailer .
the seating area was crowded and , at first , i did nt think i would find an open table , but an older couple looked like they were cleaning up empty plates .
as we neared the ticket area , i saw a girl who looked like ula , although her back was to us .
it was crowded , but we managed to get a high table in the bar area .
a middle - aged doctor stood at the edge of the waiting area , holding a clipboard in his hand .
ula was in the waiting area at the clinic , reading what looked like a science book .
i quickly glanced around the area , but i did nt see them in the crowd .
once she had all the information she needed , i walked over to the waiting area and sunk into a chair .
he looked around the waiting area .
dr . riley had just walked into the waiting area and was heading our way .
felicity turned to see a boy of about fourteen or fifteen sitting on top of an old and rather dilapidated grand piano in the reception area , laughing with his friends .
she must have fallen asleep then , because the next thing she knew her father was calling her into the dining area for dinner .
look , its okay to be nervous , hollie continued , putting her arm around felicity and guiding her into the lounge area .
thankfully , hollie led her to a seated area rather than the dance floor , and although the place was crowded with people , it was much easier to talk there .
we started walking back toward the funhouse when something caught my eye , in one of the doors of the tent area we were in .
we left the funhouse , heading back out to the main area of the carnival .
finding ourselves in the lofted area , i brought her to the exact rack , from which marley took the book yesterday .
i left the book in the loft area , take care of it !
ryan left the reception area and disappeared into the corridor .
and by the time i was standing in front of the building area , the unfinished skeleton of the future office building had already considerably outgrown its old neighbour , and the only thing that alberta could see from her bedroom window was a concrete structure that had nt even been a glass facade yet .
we went to the fenced territory of the building area .
before scaling the fenced area , i passed around it one more time , waiting until the stream of workers heading home had ceased .
the majority of the guests crowded in the spacious mingling area in the centre of the room .
having entered the main area of the club , i was struck by the silence reigning there .
we got out of the car and headed to the receiving area .
` ` surer than anything '' blake stepped on the gas and we peeled ourselves away from the barn 's area .
the family proceeded out the front door of the apartment to the parking area .
back in the apartment , the caldwells and joan sat in the overstuffed chairs in the living area trying to blink away the shadows that still haunted their vision .
the principal walked into the secretarys office area to speak to someone behind a different desk working at a computer .
after classes were done for the day all of the kids met in the living area and sat on the couch to relax .
there was the normal entrance area where people could take off their coats , a set of glass locked doors to the main hallway , and a security glass window on the left that allowed the guards ample opportunity to talk to the visitors .
i need to warn you about trying to gain access to this area of the building .
in the passenger area of the jet , his holiness , pope sixtus the vi , sat comfortably along with two other men dressed in black priests attire .
the two priests struggled to get the pope pulled back to the seating area .
it took many hours to corral every living victim of the crash into the netted area .
he decided to walk toward the back of the building closer to the parking area .
her searching steered away from the kitchens towards the back area of the building .
little did she know that the laundry was in the basement area of the building .
party decorations littered the apartments living area .
she stopped in the kitchen area but did nt see any of the children .
i think there s an area where buses park out back .
in the time it took joan to consider her options to get off the second story , a multitude of browns poured out into the parking area .
excited fans were trying to work their way around the four boys congesting the narrow entrance to the seating area .
it was the perfect area to meet because it was empty as everyone was trying to gain access to their seats .
he could clearly see miranda interacting with someone but the person was in the seating area , or so he thought .
the referee blew the whistle and waved his hands in the air to stop the game before pointing to the ball intentionally flying out into the seating area .
we settle into it , stacking bales of straw to create a seating area .
polished white marble floors covered the expansive area .
the main area was a massive open room , the size of a ballroom .
i exited the room into the foyer area .
i could nt see the contents of the storage area well from the chair but there were a number of devices and bottles filling the space .
i find an area near the back by the trunks with enough space for ruben , cora , and me to jump into without breaking anything .
i looked across the stained , wooden barrier , separating the lobby from the dining area to see a scaly hand waving me over .
both of us were sharing the large empty stateroom below although the ship had plenty of space for either of us to set up a hammock in a private area .
if you walked a couple of paces past the wall of the bathroom , you d be in the living area , which was rectangular if you ignored the alcove .
the only thing in the living area was a sleeping pad and blanket .
i left the two prime locations for a camera untouched for now the vent high on the wall and the area by the hallway door .
as he quietly stepped out of the bathroom expecting dr . marco to still be a sleepthey had separate rooms but shared a bathroom and a spacious lounge area in their hotel roomhe got a mild fright to see dr . marco awake , dressed and standing next to the four - seated dining table .
he was shocked when daniel abruptly stopped on the other side of the doors in what was an entrance foyer to an open - plan office area .
when the mcarthurs and donald came down for breakfast , they found dembe helping suzie around the restaurant area , the two chatting away in swahili .
she left the dining / studio / informal area we called the main room to go to the kitchen to brew some tea .
we had moved to the sitting area .
the dining area and kitchen are clean .
his father was standing in the doorway between the living area and tenochs old bedroom .
he held his stomach and made his way to the front of the building , into the main shopping area .
he wanted a public area that was out of the way but still had traffic flow in the early morninga common area like a park .
he wanted a public area that was out of the way but still had traffic flow in the early morninga common area like a park .
there are several rooms here , full bathrooms stalls , a kitchen , a sitting area , and the works .
kurma heard noises out in the living room area .
obelladonna paused and looked back into the living area , where april was crouching behind nina .
brittany returns with drinks , and then she and courtney head out to the pool area .
minutes later , courtney and i enter la buena vida restaurante ; she slides through the crowded waiting area and right up to the hostess .
why do nt you wait for chloe in the reception area ?
a few people sat at tables around the dimly lit bar area , smoking and drinking in odorous , murmuring clusters like dirty hills huddled beneath a fog .
the rules swiftly abandoned my level of concern and i went back toward the seated area for the flight attendants .
something about how i was nt allowed in the employee area .
his eyes narrowed in confusion at the sight of an easel , paints and canvas set up in the middle of the cleared area ; widened in surprise as they found , and stopped on , a man curled against the wall opposite gel .
i watched her write something down on her clipboard and point toward an area of the garden .
the back garden area is completely covered .
i head over to the area where my father works .
i check the dining area empty .
quietly , i sit in the bedroom area with the other children , trying not to wake them .
the main door opens , and a man around my age walks over and heads straight to the reception area .
we need to check the kitchens , the bathroom and any other areas , i tell him , and he agrees .
we search the kitchen and find what we are looking for and then return to the main dining area , each carrying a tray of fizzy pop .
they ve moved the wooden pews around to create rooms and bedroom areas that are lined with sleeping bags and blankets .
there s a meeting area next to one of the bedrooms , then a sitting/ dining area where the pews face each other , creating a table in the middle .
there s a meeting area next to one of the bedrooms , then a sitting/ dining area where the pews face each other , creating a table in the middle .
its kind of like its own world ; it does nt have any bomb marks like the main area of the building , and it remains untouched by the war .
some sit at the eating area , others are just lounging around , relaxing .
mantis returned the documents to the envelope and then used her telescopic lens to view the sprawling patio and pool area below .
tell me you are close to diggin ' out our special area ! ''
the on - site system consisted of the four areas within the mining site under constant local video surveillance .
they settled on chuck blasting and excavating a large , rectangular area that would eventually hold the drill ; however , chuck left as much rock in tact in front of that area as possible in the form of a makeshift wall .
that room would have a false doorway at the back with a set of stairs leading down into the blasted out area .
he approached the area slowly because the only light in the place , besides his helmet lamp , was one small overhead light bulb that illuminated the staircase just enough for someone to see safely down the stairs .
at this point i realized that front living area was the only room i d seen in this massive house .
the alley was at least a small area that we could try and defend ourselves in .
light filtered throughout the dimly lit area .
curious as to what this secreted area was , she crept closer .
in the faint early - dawn light we can see the room is now a sort of living area .
ironically , most of the smarter living proposals were simple things , like using the internet to work from home , and smaller houses with shared living areas , and recycling waste , and cycling instead of driving , and growing our own food .
in the end , he chose to remain in the seattle area rather than leave his best friend behind and somehow , he irrationally felt that to leave would be to abandon emily .
luckily , things are settling down now but its going to take a long time to rebuild some of these areas .
she sat down on one of the forest - green , cushioned chairs in the waiting area .
she took a quick shower , changed into a pair of black pants with a blue blouse , and headed for the dining area on the first floor .
there s still pizza in the main dining area .
the two of them went to the eating area for dinner and decided on sweet and sour chicken since they were tired of pizza .
they stepped inside the building and found themselves standing in a small lobby area with half a dozen plastic red chairs lining either side of the room .
a musty smell permeated the area and the front counter was comprised of old , orange formica .
they marched purposefully into the lobby area with rose .
she and kevin are definitely hiding out here in washington possibly near the seattle area .
the driveway has many twists and turns , making it seem as if we are riding for a mile before the limo even reaches the area where the porch stands .
winnie was lying on her stomach all by herself on the deck in the main living area drawing .
all four houses were one story high and were interconnected below ground by escape tunnels that included weapon storage areas .
the appearance of a large vehicle coming out of an underground storage area beneath one of the accommodation buildings caught our attention .
` ` staging area # 1 , wherever that was .
a third trail led up through the woods to a large circular area that had seats made of logs , and a wooden platform on one side .
he was right there , jack whispered , pointing to the beach with a flashlight , just beyond the swimming area .
the next morning after breakfast , kacey met her group of campers on the large concrete patio area where several picnic tables were set up .
across from her in the dining area there were many large tables filled with children .
aiilyn led us across the room to the area we d visited that morning , down the wooden stairs , and into the small room where more bowls of food were laid out for us .
seated where i was , i could see through the strangely twisted doorway to the area just outside , where aiilyn waited , leaning against the wall .
i quickly glanced around the area of the throne and realized there were hundreds of fae and hunters there with us , all staring at the scene unfolding before them as they girded for battle .
i looked down the hallway leading to the dance area .
this way , said mason , leading us toward an area that overlooked the dance floor below .
we grabbed susan and then scrambled away from fayes office , down the hallway , and back to the main area of the club .
the holding area was the uppermost portion of the laboratory , a natural cavern sixty metres at its highest , and the starting point for the remainder of the excavation .
he slung it over his shoulder and turned to look at the area put aside for the gravity containment field .
finding the mess hall empty , ben pushed his way through the swing doors to the kitchen area beyond .
he surveyed the area quickly , and was about to return to the mess hall when he noticed a plate near the sink , waiting to be cleaned .
the remainder of the rooms were either similarly empty or locked shut , so he made his way back to the stairwell and climbed the last flight of stairs to the main reception area .
carl explained that it was the town meeting area and it also served as the town market , but the only market today would be the one the road trains brought with them .
as they neared the town meeting area , ben noticed carl and mike sneaking off along with two other men .
by the time carl had cleaned himself up , the town meeting area was full of eager bargain hunters , fighting from one market table to the next in search of the vital item that would make their lives complete .
the guards escorted the small group to a large reception area , where they were announced by one of the regents servants , even though there were only servers waiting to hear him .
the reception area was as exquisitely decorated as the hallway , with heavy oak wooden doors and a wall crammed full of every type of book imaginable .
the drink in the reception area was free flowing , and the group took full advantage of it .
their conversation was interrupted by a loud fanfare outside the smaller of the two doors leading into the reception area , the door through which ben and his friends had entered .
the sun was just rising above the horizon , covering the meeting area in shadows and hiding carl in the relative darkness beneath the trailer .
turning his attention to the other side of the trailer , he could see only one guard , looking through the gap between the trailers , towards the slaughter in the centre of meeting area .
they re to call people to the town meeting area in times of crisis .
the crowd around the road trains was already spilling back into the streets by the time carl and peter arrived at the town meeting area , but with some gentle nudging of the gun in peters back , carl edged him forward through the crowd towards the front .
v ah , general boshtok , alexander said as he reached the ageing soldier on the balcony overlooking the town meeting area , i would hope that matters are moving according to plan , yes ?
as he made it out of the meeting area , he saw the first of his prized road trains destroyed , the engine smashed by whatever weapons the people could find to hand , the walls of the trailers torn down and the contents scattered throughout the crowd .
carl was worried about being seen armed in public , but as peter pointed out , the town meeting area was probably already full of people , armed with whatever they could find , just waiting for the whiff of a southerner to start hacking and shooting .
the glass lantern shattered as it struck , casting oil throughout the corridor , which quickly caught light , engulfing the area in flames .
there were people lining the town meeting area and the streets beyond for as far as he could see , men , women , and some children , holding aloft a variety of guns , knives , swords , and farming tools as they cheered his presence .
nomi went to the front area of the vehicle .
the staff took nomi out and brought her to a big kitchen area where they held a party in her honor .
haven leaned over to look and saw a receptionists area beyond , with several men and women seated behind a long desk next to a big glass door which led to the outside world .
dormer has his repair station , and there s also a sorry excuse for a dining room , along with a meeting area where we can all get together and either relax or prepare for an excursion .
he moved quickly past the unconscious woman and down a long hallway that led away from the receptionists area .
anchilles movements were quick , accurate and noiseless , while my boots made loud squeaks even over the heavily carpeted areas .
a hanging curtain covered a doorway to the right which she knew led to a small living area , undoubtedly where leland and eli were spending their nights .
if you would excuse me , gentlemen , she apologized , then turned to follow the boys out into the main courtyard area .
they continued to move through the courtyard area , pointing out deficiencies , noting what needed to be improved .
the moment i headed into the guard area , one or both of the men would be after me to see what i was up to , and where would that leave me ?
the central area was kept open and well swept .
reese grabbed her arm , pulling her to the left , and she stumbled as he dragged her to an area further from the drawbridge and gate .
it seemed a mere swallows swoop before the keeps troops were hunkered down by the now empty tents , before galerons forces were circling their wagons and supplies in the courtyard area , setting up workshop locations to the right side .
she could hear noises in the outer room while galerons men set up the pair of tables which would serve as their negotiation area , and she peered out occasionally to keep an eye on their progress .
she reached the barracks floor , and again the few men present paid her little heed as she moved back toward the storeroom and cellar door area .
kay took several steps backwards , moving clear of the door area , standing in a dark strip between shafts of moonlight so her form would be hidden .
jevan looked around the barracks area , allowing himself a low chuckle .
galeron worked his way up the keep steps , his knife steady at her throat , moving into the entryway and then into the deserted barracks area .
cory shot off his line but stopped at the penalty spot area , frozen to the ground , not sure what to do .
chapter 14 the passing bell for fifth period sounded and , in the next moment , a confusion of two thousand bodies burst out of portable classrooms and surged into the large central quad area in the middle of grandview 's campus .
as he walked across the open quad area of campus , toward attendance , he spotted the van syke kid leaving the boy 's restroom .
he paced around in his wait area , away from the goal .
but , instead , he found himself standing up and taking his position off to the side of the goal area .
he walks past the main area into a deeper part of the trees .
as he suspected , it was a utility area .
upon entering the building , a woman in police blues waved from the glassed - in area behind the reception desk .
her last few words were nearly drowned out when the movie screen beamed to life and a canned voice exalted the virtues of the concession area .
stony point campground was just outside town and as they approached , ice anxiously eyeballed a dark green jeep standing in the back of the parking area .
the path ice had followed led to the back area of the property while nik 's trail headed for the waterfront .
the building he 'd broken into was indeed a storage area , housing two riding mowers , a truck , and an aluminum rowboat .
the kitchen was the only common area besides the screened porch , and now the weather was getting cool .
luna pulled her parents along to the area where the tribes elders stood with kongzi , the leader of the warriors .
mom sat beside me in the booth with the sticky vinyl seats that we used as both an eating and living area .
mom pushed through the rv to the back and started pulling paintings from the sleeping area that filled up half of the vehicle .
it was a decent looking hotel with a large seating area and bar .
a sitting area near the large , open windows held a couch , two armchairs , and a chaise .
~*~ chapter fourteen titus waited impatiently in the sitting area of adrahs chambers , nursing a cup of tea he did nt want and pretending to be patient .
selena smiled and opened the door wider , motioning him toward the sitting area of her cavernous room .
candle and torchlight kissed the night with a warm glow , and the musicians added to the atmosphere by continuing to play softly along the perimeter of the party area .
throughout the center area were comfortable chairs and side tables .
they were traveling through what looked to be the main living area , dripping water all along the way .
a moment later , he walked back into the living area and spared the clock a glance .
nicole pushed sara toward the baggage claim area , um , mom .
sara peeked into the living area to see if her mother was still awake .
chara led sara to a room that she guessed served as the dining area .
the stifling gloom and stench of rot increased as they neared the dungeon area that held the most heinous criminals .
art saved me , spoke to me , kept me company at night when i would lay in my bed at the group home listening to the endless , unanswered cries of children mixed with the ceaseless drone of the television in the common area .
when i walked out to the living area , my mother had composed herself .
there were bathrooms , laundry , and lounge areas .
jenica has rolled in the flat screen partitions , filling the dining area with maps and surveillance footage of both memphis and stonehead , the maximum security prison facility where bionics are held while awaiting their punishment , which is always execution .
inside , beyond the initial sitting room that s all decked out in long red velvet couches and high backed victorian chairs , the space opens into an area stuffed with small round bistro tables .
lets go get you warm , josie held open the curtain that separated the changing room from a prep area .
once all the soap was rinsed away , the three women got up from the washing area .
vicky followed her hosts through another door into an area containing a large pool .
batting at the fire , she crawled into the cooler area of the bedroom .
the rear wall was also made of glass with a sliding door in the center , leading to the covered pool area and back to the garden .
behind the classrooms was the cafeteria , surrounded by a large grassy area full of tables and stone benches , and at the back were the gym , the outdoor sports areas and a covered swimming pool .
behind the classrooms was the cafeteria , surrounded by a large grassy area full of tables and stone benches , and at the back were the gym , the outdoor sports areas and a covered swimming pool .
michael was holding her hand as he always did , which was actually sweet on his part , and they walked to the farthest table from the area around the cafeteria .
looking around and pricking her ears , she made sure no one else was hanging in that area .
children must remain in the green area or inside the shed .
my feet are always too tired to do anything else , nurse atkins replied , as she followed diane into the dining room area .
her eyes darted to the back room area where her inventory , lounge room , and office were .
many students standing in that area chuckled at the girls comment .
the deadly storm that produced several tornadoes and made its way through texas , louisiana , and arkansas is quickly moving into our viewing area , meteorologist john hill reported .
lachesis and the first were focused on me from behind , and noticing them , i discovered a sitting area with golden couches , a fireplace , and coffee tables that resembled the pots and pans above the island , only slightly more visible , like thickly - gathered dust shaped to resemble furniture .
separating the cooking area from the dining room was an island with marble counters and burners waiting to be used , while silver pots hung from hooks in the ceiling .
the adjoined room was a toilet and a shower area .
good , do nt , he said walking over toward the seating area of her room .
groups of teenagers hung around the parking areas and the entrance ramps , a few waved as we drove by .
tom wheedled out of me when my birthday was and we celebrated at a kids place , an idea that had come over from the states ; pizza parlor , game room and play area .
he was in a private room in a special wing that was a high security area for vips and high - risk patients that required one on one care .
i nodded , and when we drove through the gates up to the reception area , goggled at the crowd that was there .
between the rain and the tape over the windows , it was impossible to see outside to assess any kind of damage or problems with the surrounding area .
a large grassy area surrounded by a brick wall stood beyond .
at the other end of the area was a girl .
jeff wandered back into their work area from the legends section carrying a book .
dark figures descended on the caravan , squeezing between the wagons to get into the main area .
the room they first entered into seemed to be a training area .
he glanced around the dining area .
he rummaged his little storage area where his meal for the rest of the day and other tools were kept .
the front doors lay inside in a pile of broken glass , and merchandize littered the entry area .
aaron perked up , and they all rushed through the ransacked gun area toward kelly , like they worried someone else might run in and claim the weapons before they could get to them .
he bottled his irritation and pulled the bus into the parking area of the auto shop .
the solitary buzzing streetlamp bathed the shop and the parking area in soft , white light .
this place is as big as a house , aaron said , walking into the main living area .
the rooms had large windows overlooking a garden area , allowing in plenty of light .
only the twenty - foot - by - twenty - foot open area near the exit from the room where shane stood and a small walkway around the perimeter of the big , black blocks was clear .
its the only area secluded enough for such a thing to happen , lord lindsey , still in evening dress , was explaining to malins uncle seth and to aunt aila , who was seated on a white wrought iron bench .
this front section of the wardrobe is for casual attire , this back area is for formal wear .
malin went looking for the areas where the riders would bunk to see what there might be there .
karis found himself reluctant to leave the ballroom area .
ok , i slammed the door and watched him drive to the parking area .
i debated telling stella when she came in and piled up my laundry and straightened my sitting area .
all i had to do was get sera to an outside area .
we also have a kitchen and dining area , as well as laundry area and training areas in the lower levels of the tower .
we also have a kitchen and dining area , as well as laundry area and training areas in the lower levels of the tower .
we also have a kitchen and dining area , as well as laundry area and training areas in the lower levels of the tower .
the guy scrambled up the stairs and through the tunnel area .
i have a bedroom that is so huge it has its own sitting area , with a desk and television and big bed , fireplace , and i have my own bathroom .
the reception area comfortably seats three , including the receptionist .
the palaces receiving area went still and nobody dared to react .
the receiving area is packed which added to the unrest inside the palace .
there were just two areas with which she was familiar in herethe cabinet containing her snacks , and the fridge stocked with her beverages .
they sit in that shallow area over there and duck under to watch when they want to .
in the waiting area for show jumping , mina found herself in a group some of the kids from her class , hiva , and , to her great chagrin , ana .
the room was filled with a dim glow , the shadows retreating as they looked around to find they were standing in a large open room occupied mainly on one side by a huge kitchen , on the other was a living area with a number of carved chairs and a small wooden table .
unable to stop herself she moved as if in a dream , her hands tracing carefully across the tops of the furniture leaving streaks in the dusty surfaces until she found herself standing in the large living area at the front of the cabin .
i do nt stop until i reach the main waiting area .
i smiled and gave her my tightest hug , kissed her on the cheek and went into the break area to eat .
she grabbed a paper from the table and led jillian to the waiting area .
tonight was the time of the gathering , held at the centre of the village , the large area covered with animal hide pulled taut and supported by thick wooden poles which hoisted the cover above the ground protecting the area beneath from the elements .
tonight was the time of the gathering , held at the centre of the village , the large area covered with animal hide pulled taut and supported by thick wooden poles which hoisted the cover above the ground protecting the area beneath from the elements .
the kitchen of small open plan design sat to the side of a large seating area , where the huge television was located .
i follow the sounds from behind the cottage and find a recessed area which must join onto the back of my room , jez has his back to me , his jacket lay across a pile of larger logs as he swings the axe high , it crashes onto the wood , splitting it in two .
advance into the battle area at your highest possible altitude .
they made the rest of the ground floor into a huge open area that could handle all of the wilizy 's organizational needs meeting space for example that also served as a communal dining room .
` ` sometimes , large organizations have a private file storage area where potentially embarrassing complaints go to die a silent , private , and un - embarrassing death .
behind her was a door , presumably to a storage area .
a few years back , my shop was bigger , and i had an area where people could sit and have their dessert and a drink .
it was kept in a secure area , but one to which franklin had access .
` ` food storage area for the inmates , '' tg concluded .
the drones saw no signs of the cell area being booby - trapped .
doc was n't sure what effect the sedative would have had on an old man so he made sure that franklin was awake and able to understand the proceedings before bringing him into the open area where the court had been set up .
or , perhaps a storage area for wizard 's purchases .
i make my way out of his room and head into the living area .
i push myself away from the wall and walk towards the living area .
eric walked down a flight of stairs to an area with drawings and symbols on the walls .
while the gate was intact , many areas of the fence were missing or in disrepair .
ambulances drove by and pulled up into the emergency room unloading area .
sadly , all i found was an empty reception area no ms . sutherland , or any other secretary for that matter , and certainly not daddy .
hand - painted tabletops and mismatched chairs littered the dining area in a random fashion , bright multihued ceramic tiles covered a long counter where a line of customers sat munching on their food , and funky artwork from local talent adorned the walls of the colorful and cheery caf .
i teased as i emerged from my dressing area .
tanners backside was blocking my view , but he pulled me over to an area where several large crates had been stacked by the door .
king arthurs carousel was playing a medley of disney songs , filling the entire area with music .
and rule number three , all clues will be located in areas accessible to all disneyland guests .
but mr . pegg said all the clues would be in accessible areas of disneyland did nt he ?
all clues would be in normally accessible areas .
the men usually hunted in pairs and were stationed in clubs and other areas across the industrial district .
each of us was allotted an area of space in which to hang our work , our names were there in bold lettering and each piece had to be given a title or description ; it was much like a genuine exhibition , except for the fact that nothing was for sale , and we soon forgot that the open day was an unwanted intrusion and began to enjoy ourselves .
there was still no response so he turns and sadly shuffled away to sweep the saner areas of the studio , looking back over his shoulder every three or four steps as if in accordance with some vexed choreography .
the canteen was joans life , the object of such pride that when all was well with it she would sit back , her bosom supported on her folded arms and her chins resting one on top of the other , and smile in appreciation of the polished surfaces of the ordered tables , in admiration of the glistening cutlery and the unblemished stainless steel of the serving area which gave such perfect reflections .
he glanced over his shoulder , saw that most people in the back of the van were dozing , no one was in a hurry to get home , so pulled into the service area and switched off the engine .
the van bumped over the kerb and across pedestrian shopping areas , dodging the benches and the concrete flower tubs .
the entire party walks back to the stage area .
the fire is a chemical spillage inside the storage area of the space shuttle from a blending of flammable not right gas liquids , when the far distance a series of whistles and bells sound from the dome structure .
the officer nodded , well search that area .
the gate was unlocked , so after quickly glancing around , i walked through and entered the back area .
one time during dinner , eldo managed to slink away without the others noticing and crept across their camping area until he reached their pile of saddlebags .
gnat quickly turned about and basha followed him out the door and into an old house that had been empty for years until it was reconverted into a storage area for their headquarters .
we walk over to the training area though and i begin to stretch some more in preparation for training and when i turn around i find that he is laying on the ground , staring up into the clouds , it looks like his idea of training and my idea of training are going to be quite different .
he continues to stroll out into the courtyard area with my hand in his and i see the most beautiful site .
this morning my father woke me , shouting from the living area , asking where his lazy good - for - nothing daughter was .
there s little time , so we head out into the living area to say our goodbyes .
the square cobblestone - paved area is enclosed by a large wrought iron fence , and dozens of unifers stand at attention guarding the premise .
i look at a bare steel area at the edge of the city .
my right foot has gone numb and i need to pee , but there s no way i m going to stop in the open area to squat to relieve myself .
fiona watched as dario and six other players jogged to the back end of the warm - up area .
the officer drove the cart across the quad area to the discipline office .
he entered the waiting - for - discipline area , and immediately noticed ryan sitting in a chair along the back wall .
when he spoke , he jarred the nerves of everyone in the waiting area .
then , he remembered that ryan was in the waiting area .
officer manning escorted dario out to the waiting - for - execution area .
the visiting area is down the west hall .
ryan knew who it would be before he even got to the visitors area .
as soon as she s alone in the waiting area , sydney leans forward and hides her face behind both hands .
we take a left , past a wide spiral staircase , and enter through a set of double doors leading to the ground area where all the modern day books are stacked .
shrieks of laughter came from the parking area , throwing snowballs at each other .
he stood outside the parlor , guarding the area , with his lean back facing us .
querlyn laughed loudly in the crowded area , sliding , while the fan appeared on her hand again .
frey walked around the area , wearing her stylist black boots and fitted black cape , and on her hand was a much stronger weapon , hughes .
so far , he had not said a word to me besides greeting me as i entered the dining area .
morning , guys , i said calmly as they joined me by the school bus drop off area near the cafeteria .
ya i had two beers back at the rest area back near jamestown .
monica heads to the outhouse at the end of the rest area , wait , i have to go pee first .
pete looks at anna in the rear view mirror , i did nt see your car back there , it must have broke down while we were in the rest area .
the mural separates the bar from the dining area and serves as a station for hostesses .
i wander off toward the sitting area .
the doorman continues over to the other side of the living area .
here is the living room as you can see , and the dining area .
to the right is some sort of a white shabby - chic sitting area and a garage - type door is to the left .
maureen exits through a copper door beyond the sitting area .
i had just finished loading the last of it into the receiving area when i saw you walking out here .
thomas was lying on the floor of the upstairs common area lazily staring at a spider who was indecisively making its way across the old wooden boards .
he walked down a long corridor which led to the main greeting area .
it was sort of a theme inn , where actors sat in the public areas , and spontaneously would enact horrible ' accidental ' deaths that could happen while staying there .
the seating area seemed to be carved out of a grey and white marble material .
the seating area housed thousands of individuals , all in their dragon state .
there was a bar area with a counter where two guards were sitting , talking quietly to themselves while a bartender cleaned glasses .
it was n't until about the third pothole that thomas started to hear a faint chuckle coming from the drivers area of the carriage every time they hit a bump .
the seating area as well had been transformed to accommodate humans .
he had had to step away into a secluded area to cast a spell to compensate for the language barrier , and had ended up in what very likely was the girl 's change room .
go to the training area and find a captain in the strategy tent once you re ready .
i feel my pulse quicken as i follow the captains gesture to the dueling area by the pyramid of throwing stones .
justin walked over to the oven area .
a large metal box hung off the back , its top open to the sky , and a thick glass plate made up most of the face area .
it might just have been my imagination , but i could have sworn that after he left the area around the counter , the air got warmer .
or maybe it was just easy to hit something in a confined area like a train carriage .
the old man led us into the dining room area .
charles , he answered as he retrieved a large bottle of rum from one of the many cupboards in the dining area .
in the kitchen area there was a large pot on the stove .
we crouched in the dining area and weighed up our options .
when she came downstairs , she saw helga , bill , and aron standing at the sliding glass doors in the dining area next to the small kitchen .
bobby looked around , noticing there were still boxes unpacked , but two chairs and the tv were set up in the living area .
he looked to the dining area at the sliding glass doors .
he left the woman for a moment to check out the pine st . storefront area , the ambulance on the way .
i have a lot of questions , mr peters , so i would suggest that we pick a relatively secluded area with chairs .
she began to repeatedly smash the ornament at an area of the wall beneath the stairs , sending a thin coating of painted plaster flying everywhere .
it was an indistinct and formless mass of dark greys , while many areas remained shrouded in deep , impenetrable shadows .
chrissy asked once more , peering as intently as she could into the darker areas .
hard wood floors were in most areas of our home .
we walked inside and to the right to the dining area .
we walked around the inside and then the outside viewing areas .
its this really high tower that has a restaurant and viewing areas .
an hour passed and we were finally finished placing every box and item in its specific area of the apartment .
when i arrived at the antique shop , i noticed that they had placed new items in the front window area and they had rearranged some of the furniture .
their climbing slowed the higher they went due to the extra smoke in the upper area of the gym , but becky kept pushing upward and was soon at the hatch handle .
the old woman then instructed geo on how to remove the dividing beam which opened up the entire entrance to her storage area .
the guard did not follow , but rather looked confused at the escaping pair and around at the area they had taken the sign from .
jeff ensured his shirt was properly tucked beneath his blazer as he exited the back areas and entered the show room floor .
someone from the camp was supposed to meet them by the baggage claim area , so they followed the signs , backpack wheels squeaking as they walked .
at the baggage claim area , the conveyor had nt started moving yet .
kitchens closed and sos the pool area in another 15 minutes .
ron looked around the deck area , seemingly hit by an explosion of noodles .
the sofa and tv had been pushed against the far wall , and the stage area outlined in blue duct tape .
the reception area was clean and bland .
we stepped out into a large open area with no ceiling and exposed to the sky where a large tree had burst up from the center of the concrete flooring .
we sat in the waiting area watching people pass by for about an hour while we discussed options .
tall indoor plants decorated the corners that flanked small , cushy chairs in the lobby area .
it was just a big seating area .
the room was a little storage area and logan and i settled in behind a wall of boxes .
the healer shuffled me out and i entered the reception area alone .
he did n't slow down or let me catch up at any point as we traversed the length of the base grounds toward the little residential area , the same area where marcus grey had his apartment .
across from that area , food was kept behind warmed cases .
it 's the only restricted area in the entire hospital .
i wished them a good game before dean led me to a small sitting area .
just as i was about the scour the arcade area , i saw a sign for batting cages set up behind the building .
i searched the area and found dean hanging out with his group at the same batting cage .
besides the stakes and the symbol on the floor , there was a back room with a child - sized bed , a semi - clean toilet , and a washing area .
gabe stood off near the loading area door , waiting for his wife and a friend .
as i stood at the bar , i watched gabe usher two dark - haired women out from the back of the stage area .
i grabbed her hand , moving her in front of me as we stepped out into the patio area , and steered her out of the restaurant by the small of her back .
mr . todd stepped around my living area , inspecting everything .
i stood on the manhattan beach pier , searching the area near the south side lifeguard tower , near the water .
evidently , greene had left instructions , as the conference area had been laid for breakfast .
the flight attendant , smartly but simply dressed , emerged from the compact staff rest area below the galley , relayed the information from the pilot that they had just turned on to the south - easterly heading that would bring them on to their final approach to suriname ; their anticipated time of arrival was 10 am , local time , three hours from now .
the truck ploughed through the rest of the seating area , smashing the flimsy tables and chairs ( fortunately unoccupied ) before mounting the pavement at the end of the road , snapping a white picket fence and careering across a piece of waste land which stood between the old wharf and road .
he drove mw around the perimeter , showing him the storage areas , well away from the living quarters .
the workings of the on - loading area continued without pause .
greene and his boys shook off the wetting they d got as they d sprinted the thirty metres to the smart reception area which led to a comfortable room with office facilities and soft seating .
fortunately , duckboards had been laid across much of the area outside the miners quarters .
the whole storage operation is designed so that when we come to replace and restore the area to its former glory , the right layers are put back in the correct order .
bolt took the wheel and eased the car away from the buildings and on to the track which linked the various areas of the operation .
to their left , as they drove on towards the river and the loading area , the great conveyer rose from the pit and followed the track on the other side .
when he finally made it to the corner of the site where the accommodation block and the control tower were located , he was relieved to note that bocks jeep was parked away from the floodlit area at the front of the block among several other vehicles .
you know , the area beneath the control tower .
he strolled over to the area where the barrels had been rigged up .
he looked around in the dark area , waiting for something else .
the family sat around a little table near the kitchen area and started eating .
fortunately for us this was a safe area and there were no alarms so we were able to slide the cocktail in and put it on timer to be release later that evening .
yeah i will place them around the area so we can set it off this evening .
still , he said , grasping the second handle , when they said they said they were going to upgrade this area i was expecting something a lot worse than this .
chapter eight what happened to stewie another short flight of steps had led stewie and the others in his group to a large reception area with gleaming marble floors and luxurious furnishings .
an ancient but still luxurious monorail car transported the children , now all dressed in the same brightly coloured robes , out of the arrivals area .
broodangle closed the secret door then led the others through to a reception area .
angelica tried to think about something else , and let her gaze wander passed dirk and digby henderson , who were lazily standing guard with their cronies , to other areas of the workshop and over the other children who during the weeks underground had become quite proficient with new skills such as welding and riveting .
were inside the war machine , some kind of cargo area , angelica replied .
they stopped again , not far from an area where packing crates were being stored in orderly rows .
plopbottle retraced his steps and crossed to an area on the other side of the room where the entire space between the floor and the ceiling was crammed with rows of switches , indicator lights , valve wheels , levers , and buttons of every imaginable colour , none of which were marked in any way .
this was particularly noticeable in the preparation areas , where the sound of chopping rose from a light drumming to a furious machine gun effect , with pieces of vegetable , off - cuts of meat and the occasional finger tip flying in every direction .
after this they careered through an area where exotic fungi were being sculpted into famous figures from blood clan history , but eventually they managed to manoeuvre the trolley into the open space where angelica and chen were standing .
we turn the corner and enter an area that is clearly housing .
there s a sitting area in the middle , complete with sofas , chairs , end tables , and a fireplace .
we walk for a few minutes , seeing several living areas that are identical .
toward the back is a larger open area that has a rug surrounded by bookcases featuring a fireplace in the center .
its a circular room with the reading area in the middle .
behind the seating area are some cubicles that are filled with desks and office supplies .
there are seating areas at the top of the second story , and more shelves , full of glorious books .
past the revolving door , there is also an outdoor seating area with picnic tables and regular tables and chairs .
on the left hand side there s a gathering area , complete with couches , end tables , and a fireplace .
most of the professors stay behind and situate themselves in the sitting area where the fire is crackling and dancing across their glasses .
normally , a conversation in the gathering area will wake me up .
chapter 27 when i get back to my room , zeke is waiting on the couch in the lounge area .
it will receive the signal from the same access point , although i fear it might be limited to the same fifteen - foot area at this point .
she turned away from the door and gave derek a nod , then quickly focused back on her target area .
they got a cart and proceeded to the outdoor garden area .
it was a large area off the dining room that smelled damp and dusty .
i need you to pull up the weeds growing inside the bed area .
on our target date , everything was set ; danny had pulled the truck into the nook around eight and was waiting with poodle somewhere in the general area .
there was only one motion detector in the entire stockroom area .
poodle told me that the infrared sensor can not see through glass , and the angle of the screen will cloak most of the stockroom , minimizing coverage to the upper area of the room .
i walked up to the main register area and read the faces of my co - workers : rattled nerves , worry , shock , surprise that something dirty entered their privileged uptown lives .
i noticed brand new motion detectors throughout the stock areas and i heard that they were going to install cameras .
we marked a spot uptown , way outside our operating area .
simultaneously , as if to ensure that every damned neighbor would hear us , a wailing yell erupted from the kitchen area the moment the music stopped when the stereo hit the floor .
the noise of our flight was above the bar for any area , even the hood !
he waited two hours before tyrone , a very large white boy , led me into the visiting area .
when i walked into the visiting area for our second meet , i could tell poodle was irritated .
they could ve trapped me somewhere more secluded like the shitter or the cell area .
i then walked and patiently waited for my coffee in the designated area , deciding to kickback and drown some time .
okay , this was my opportunity , she was headed back to her little spell area , and i had my chance to run .
i then grabbed my jacket , wallet , and car keys , and headed downstairs to the parking area and hopped into my car .
moments later i pulled up to the restaurant and parked in the designated employee parking area , immediately greeted by my manager standing at the backdoor having a cigarette .
i walked toward the admissions building and located the counselor 's area while feeling a bit nervous .
i obliged and excused myself , grabbing a seat in the commons area .
i turned toward him and saw that he was pointing to an area behind me .
* * * * * * as lola and alex enjoyed their meal , a giant low - pressure area was beginning to move slowly down from canada , carrying an unusually large amount of moisture in its wake .
nwanyi entered the living area head bowed , looking as miserable and beaten down as she could possibly manage .
* * * * * * for months now , azuka had let somadina and their son share the small bed in the single bedroom while he slept in the living area on a cot that doubled as a bench to sit on .
one area caught her eye .
hell , this would get her into the boarding area , which might be all she needed , and if she was really lucky maybe she 'd get bumped back off again .
after successfully entering the u.k . , they wound their way into the baggage claim area .
she steered nwanyi straight towards the nothing to declare exit , and found herself finally at the end of the secured area .
lola realized that the greeting area of a busy major airport was a nightmare place for a beginner telepath like herself .
` ` keep an arm around me tight , keep your gaze down , and keep moving with me and do so very quickly , '' he said softly as he gently pushed them through the arrivals crowd and toward the departure area of the ground floor of the terminal building , all while nodding and smiling like a dad listening to his happy family 's stories .
the boarding of their flight was called almost right after they entered the secured area of shops and restaurants , so lola herded nwanyi on toward the gate .
they were producing their paper work once again when lola turned around and saw that djimon 's three men were coming in through the security area , once again with the smaller , older man in the lead .
a baffled lola was ready to physically push nwanyi forward into the gate area when she felt the metal in her mouth .
so they were back in yet another boarding area about to get on the plane .
the walls were pale blue stucco , and a small area with bamboo furniture sat off to the left .
around the corner from the seating area , a middle - aged secretary with a red dye job was clacking away on a computer keyboard .
eventually , shed long told me , she planned to save enough money to rent one of the cramped storefront restaurant / bar spaces across the road from the beach , with a nice patio area and tables for several dozen money - laden tourists .
twenty terracotta tile steps , beautifully patterned in dark hues of red and blue , led up towards the main building , to an open porch area that wrapped around the side of the building and connected with its bar .
she s got the back corner table on the front porch area reserved for herself and a guest tonight .
when we left , the exterior waiting area was empty and i surmised his secretary had gone for lunch .
at the back , a wood door led into the vestry area and beyond that lay a narrow corridor with white plaster walls and a curved , twenty - foot ceiling , leading towards the offices .
to the left , another set of double doors led into a common area .
i carefully made my way between the racks of golf shirts and displays of equipment , over to the front counter area .
jayson recognized the area : the lobby of the john adams courthouse in downtown boston .
from where they sat , his staff could visually survey the open area on the other side of the glass , which doubled as their shared workspace and client waiting room .
there s a woman in the waiting area .
the waiter returned with the drinks and winked at jayson again before heading back to the bar area .
jayson stood and watched his three visitors make themselves comfortable in the waiting area .
he did and all three slinked past the waiting area and disappeared into the hallway .
connie walked to the door connecting the conference room to the waiting area and hesitated .
two days after the airing of the channel nine news story and two days before his appointed date with leslie , jayson sat on a metal folding chair alongside stone in the visiting area of the suffolk county jail .
after the two men removed their microphones the jail officer escorted stone to the door leading back to the detainees area .
the living room was connected to a small dining area next to the kitchen .
he nodded as we made our way out of the crowded beer area .
as i walked back toward the patio i saw that my new acquaintances had moved to the edge of the mosh area .
once i was in the market area , among the tables of nick - knacks and refuse , i felt calm .
i said sure and took him to the back steps that had become my preferred smoking area .
after they took it from me i sat in the waiting area for a while , not knowing whether to leave or stay and see how it turned out , but eventually i decided there was no reason for me to be there , and i was halfway down the hall when freddies sister , meredith , walked by me .
she took the flowers from me and went into the little kitchen area at the back of the guardhouse .
rectangle - shaped bar area in centre of the establishment with many patrons seated all along the counter .
he returned to the kitchen and living area and finished his cup of coffee .
across the street , chefs and wait staff started piling into the patio area of the restaurant .
14 charles paced the living area of the hotel room .
jack tossed the rock to the other side of the landing area .
a cutout at the front end provided her access to the area under the stairs .
faces pressed against thick glass as jack walked through the open area of the prison .
the area widened and revealed a steel door with no windows .
while this was a much bigger place than the smoking area , patrick saw only a couple of patients there .
i figured you could add anything you want to it from what s in the kitchen area .
after he d allowed simon to give him a guided tour of the more public areas of the first floor , the counselor had waited until they were back up on the ward to talk about the room change .
nobody was in the immediate area , which was the emergency department reception desk ; like the medical ward , it was seldom put to any use .
he licked his lips , glanced back towards the kitchen area again , and tried to figure out what to do with his hands .
patrick and justine claimed the station wagon - style rear storage area for themselves .
underneath them , gyms , sleeping areas and a large computer hall were located .
i m afraid to say , as the only person to have access to every area of the base and being the person who found the body , you are my only other suspect professor .
lined with benches and areas for young and old thinkers alike to ponder the delights witnessed , it was neat , organised and yet tinged with a subtle hint of insanity .
he walked through a few areas before coming to a wall marked masterpieces .
escalations in traded values were leading to several outbreaks of violence , and swarms of guards roamed the market area subduing the skirmishes .
after forcing their way through the flow , justin led them to a door marked restricted and into a sterile kitchen area beyond .
their size obscured view to the rest of the area and he found himself craning his neck to get a clear sight of any potential exit .
the sparse loading area was devoid of cars , save for a pair of black land rovers parked with doors open to one side .
said ishmael , finishing making everyone a drink and returning to the living area .
michaenas struggled under the weight of yehoshua as they left the temple area ; the walk back to camp would be a long and arduous one .
he looked closer , kneeling on the floor , examining the area around the cable where his server had been .
and he could still break into the private areas and , just maybe , reeperg slipped up .
his feet carried him throughout the restaurant , up into the back area , so heedless he nearly tripped on the stairs .
early bird poured the bleach on andreas blood stain and all surrounding areas , the couch , the walls , the fireplace .
once they d slipped inside , they walked between prefab office buildings completely unchallenged until they came to a small parking area .
it was the only one around because the dining area was filled with students , some of which were studying by themselves , others were chatting in large groups .
the dining area was full of tables and chairs like you d find in any cafeteria - like setting .
next to the dining area was a wall of windows that looked out onto the track field below .
this room opened up into a small area with a small reception - like desk with a computer .
the front door opened into a single , large room , which took up the entire ground floor area .
a further staircase , this one carpeted , was situated at the opposite end of the corridor , leading up to the converted loft area .
they returned to the loft area , in order to retrieve bobs biography , and search for some meaning to rons clue .
guidelines bob and jason settled down at the dining table in the kitchen area , while kevin did the honours and prepared a full english breakfast .
ron parker stood up , and ushered the three friends , which was what they had become , and how they would refer to themselves and each other , now that the challenge was over , downstairs to the kitchen area , where bottles of champagne were waiting for them , behind the locked door .
* * * experience had taught us that , unless you were into chaos and confusion , the marshalling area was no place to be before at least ten .
* * * the support i was giving that morning at the marshalling area ( and giving very willingly , because i did nt want to get dragooned into taking his place ) was making certain asael did nt bolt for home .
how else to explain the predicament i was already in , in that crammed parking area , with the nearby festival roar surging around me ?
and scattered about the area i could see various articles of clothing , a neatly tied swag and a high powered rifle .
one room with a separate small kitchen , toilet and bath ( actually , up until i was five years old we did nt even have a bath ) , a small veranda , and a small area for shoes at the entrance .
the cages were spacious , and twenty - minute vacations were taken out back in the commons area , like a quick smoke break plus some barking , and then back again .
before he could hide , the familiar face of an ex - client appeared in the reception area .
even though he had sat in this same , stained chair many times over , he still scanned the area for a few more bits of revelation into the life of this person who signed his name with a msw at the end .
he walked to the front reception area and looked out the window toward the argos animal shelter .
she was cleaning the cages , shuffling the dogs to the commons area one at a time , hosing down the empty cages , soaping them , rinsing away the smells and echoes of dogs gone by , and then welcoming the dogs back home .
she hesitated briefly , then turned and darted down the aisle beside the warehouse wall into a dark , unused area of the plant toward the old foundry .
it was beautiful out , clear , cooler and drier than it had been all summer , and everybody was outside in the recreation area , pitching horseshoes or socializing at the tables under the big oaks .
this was probably a kind of lobby , or reception area .
looking around , he could just barely make out what appeared to be an opening to a slightly lighter area , probably a doorway out into the plant .
the opening he d seen where a little light came in seemed to be the entrance to a hall rather than a doorway to another big area with windows .
rather than continue his search outside , swooze went in and wandered around , finding the old locker room , bathrooms and showers , what had been a snack bar before the vending machines had been pulled out , an area with high shelves that looked as if it had been a warehouse for lumber or finished products , all the kind of typical industrial stuff swooze remembered from when he d worked briefly at the auto parts plant in milwaukee .
although the open area was full of telmid and angels congregating in small groups , their housemates were nowhere to be seen .
these were staggered at different heights and covered in lush greenery fed by the falls that pooled on the elevated landmass , only to join new cascades that dropped to landing areas on lower spires .
the landing area around the shaft sat elevated some forty cubits above a dense canopy of thick trees .
he would go directly at the landing area .
metron turned toward the staging area below , assessing , as his squads continued to run through their drills .
gabriel asked as they moved into a new area .
the crowds were already thick when he arrived , but his status as a former team member allowed him to walk on the path itself and avoid the overly crowded spectator viewing areas .
there was a small warm - up area adjacent to the first path where players prepared for their matches .
ariel went to the viewing area adjacent to the fifteenth path , so that he could see gadreel finish .
rolling billows of smoke erupted from the area of the western gate , the same place where he and his housemates had celebrated the completion of their first year at the academy .
thinking about it brought back the memories of gran tanya and the happy days of his childhood , when vadim was a frequent visitor of the theatre and the backstage area .
the cellar trap door was indeed open , and from where she was svetlana could see only a small part of the underground area .
he had been in the basement area that was not visible from the top floor , and had just come into view .
to his right sprawled a children 's area , complete with a couple of children 's computers and around the corner to his left , just past the circulation desk , metal shelved sections marked new books and large print stood on either side of a large area , separated by a group of cushioned chairs and a standing rack of newspapers .
to his right sprawled a children 's area , complete with a couple of children 's computers and around the corner to his left , just past the circulation desk , metal shelved sections marked new books and large print stood on either side of a large area , separated by a group of cushioned chairs and a standing rack of newspapers .
he turned left and casually surveyed the area , walking past the aisles of books , peeking down each one .
to the left , multiple shelves on either side of the area held books with standing desks holding computer monitors scattered about .
he strolled over and noticed the area to his left was labeled young adults , with the area to his right designated as adult fiction .
he strolled over and noticed the area to his left was labeled young adults , with the area to his right designated as adult fiction .
she exclaimed and moved quickly back toward the living area , which caused him to tense .
several desks and tables with computers , scanners , and printers sat in the living area , while the kitchen appeared to be a makeshift laboratory .
his eyes riveted on one area of the mast where his only friend had been moments before .
a deep fog covered one area where a man stood .
the bar area was full of pictures of famous spaniards , mostly from the seventies and eighties , and i was chatting in spanish to one of the gallego owners while eating pulpo .
i was the only one on the roof , a long way from my small terrace in the bay area that looked out over a duck pond .
the potatoes were all picked and a years worth were put into a storage area she had in the basement of her apartment .
i was coming back and you guys where in that lunch area a few blocks from work .
he got up and left the pool area and i took one more swim in the hot water before getting the key to my room from reception and taking a shower .
the courtyard area in front , and the steps leading onto the colonnade , was the site of many memories for mike .
detective marx and adam hung back in the foyer area between the living room and the bedroom while mike went off to grab the letter .
he let the mail sit in the foyer area as he entered his living room to turn on the stereo , selecting something with a latin beat .
he walked through the living room and stepped back into the foyer area to grab the mail .
anne adams was waiting for her brother in the lobby area of the portland international airport .
mike found anne waiting for him in the lobby area as expected , with her aide simon most likely outside with the car running .
mike wrapped up his speech and not too long after , much of the dinner audience was spreading itself out of the main hall , into the more brightly lit hallway , staircase and hotel lobby area below .
he and his sister made a noticeable entrance into the lobby area by being the only people walking down the wide , central stairwell .
lets go someplace quite where we can really talk , mike said as he gestured toward the on - site restaurant off to the left of the main lobby area .
after he concluded , the presiding officer declared a recess , and many particularly the press - followed adam into the hallway and lobby area just outside of the auditorium .
they began walking through the lobby area that doubled as a spacious arboretum , and tried their best to ignore the very loud rustlings of hospital patients and guests .
john hancock is nowhere to be found , which means he s probably right under our noses , he said as he strolled through the second level area , passing by numerous , boring one - on - one conversations .
he asked , gesturing to the now - open door , leading to the foyer area of his condo .
ashley wrapped an arm around one of mikes as they headed out of the balcony and down the stairs that took them into the lobby area .
we left that area of the store after julie got changed and mrs . givens took us over to the girls section and started looking through the racks .
pearl passed the other nurses and her friends on the way past the various wards to her usual area .
after finally reaching work and parking in the staff parking area , pearl headed straight for his ward , despite the fact she was already late for her shift .
the small u - shaped kitchen area was stainless steel and black granite worktop and pusas bedroom so far only featured her bed and the built in wardrobe and doorway leading off to the ensuite bathroom .
then walking across to a grand theatre , and places underneath the stage area where slaves would have been corralled along with wild animals , both set into play as entertainment for those seated above .
wils dose of flu was climbing towards misery while waiting for their midnight train out of ankara on this wet and windy night , waiting for ten hours with nowhere to wait other that in a huge open seating area .
protection on each side and rear by other relocatable homes ; winter sun coming out of the sea in front , a shaded area on his veranda and a cool ocean breeze in summer .
he did nt say anything and walked with his tripod and camera out of the temple and back to the car parking area and there waiting was wils tut tut driver with all smiles and adulation for wil to be there at that moment in time .
it was a temple of three levels plus a roof viewing area and reaching each level was by a narrow dark and winding cramped stairway .
the caretaker led wil to his room and it was cavernous with its balcony and veranda , huge bed lounge living areas , and a bathroom designed for 2 to share .
but as such it made perfect use of the slopes , for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside , including some lawn areas , seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area , the stream adorned by lilies , grasses and shrubs .
frangipani has been used beside the home and this perfect selection of a plant species allowed sunlight to enter the courtyard and terraced areas used by brief and his companions or visitors .
the man left to attend another visitor and wil was able to wander down steps to the lawn below , a pathway winding through trees to another terrace that led down to the lake itself and grid of grass flagstones , then onto a seating area where wil noticed the energies of the garden and lake were elevated and of auspicious chi .
the landscape architect in wil was taking it all in walking up steps to a grassed terrace from which he could view the main home and its extended living areas flowing from the house itself onto tiles and flagstone courtyards .
both set to frame the view of the lawn and gardens from the courtyard and outdoor living areas .
some reminders such as a boiler standing sentry near the memorial entry and some concrete troughs with piping for water supply and use by those interned ; possibly a food preparation area .
the resorts tending to set their landscapes so their customers can lie back beside the swimming pool areas and take in the sun .
behind and above kama mara , occupying significant pictorial space , and extending rhythmically across the canvas , areas of light are accentuated and placed in contrast with areas of broad and rich color .
if household staff kept barging into her room whenever they felt necessary , keeping track of what linens she used , surveying the missing rags in the closet or questioning the freshly washed rags in her private bath area , someone was bound to convey that information to her husband .
from there he walked down to the garden area .
fingers clinched anything they could find as poncey dragged his torso over the edge and onto the more accommodating pitch of the top area .
he burst through the double doors leading to the backstage area , and the floor changed to slick hardwood .
the string of amusements butted up to the ride area like a t - intersection , and poncey expected crowds of children standing in lines , and waiting parents , to swarm around him , celebrating his exploits .
propping himself against her booth , just around the corner from the players area , he could expound endlessly on his grand escapades , and jazzy could do nothing about it .
when the music ended and the audience went out into the night , jillian found me and led me to a room in a private area of the concert hall .
wandering around the frankfurt airport in a daze , the girls paused to watch what looked like a photo shoot of some sort in the central shopping area of the airport .
as usha grasped her ticket tightly and moved into the waiting area , teddie made up her mind to confront her friend .
shopping areas had been busy for days as gifts were bought for the traditional exchanges .
and he was nervous about how many chinese troops had been inserted into the seattle area .
she was already walking toward the back of the dining area as paul fell in behind lars .
he had assigned them to watch the dash point area for a flanking move by the chinese .
paul walked up towards the sergeant that was the only crewman onboard in the cargo area .
the troops all filed through the chow line and walked into the dining area where paul and amanda sat .
syd and noel walked into the area that they had determined had the machine gun .
were moving as much material as we can out to the puget sound area .
besides , i hear through the grapevine that commander z and that bitch woman of his are back at it in the bay area .
as he turned the corner of the warehouse that acted as the centers headquarters , he noticed a commotion by the main gate of the internment area .
he began to gather up his things to take the major back to the main hospital area .
tad asked , turning right with a vengeance into the hotel parking area .
this area is the oldest section .
come in , ken , please , thomas said from behind them before he led the procession into the sitting area .
edward stepped out onto the small outside area marked patio , with its accumulation of tables and chairs and benches .
he wiped his brow and headed out to the reception area .
he pulled into the rest area to freshen up a little before he went to the dealership .
before you leave for each day , make sure your areas are neat .
she makes her way up to the cavernous streetcar area , sooty with squeals of streetcar wheels echoing off the concrete walls of st clair west station .
they walk one after the other to the reception area , where sharon opens up the closet where shed hung up her coat .
she copies her letter from wordperfect into the message area and types in the subject line akaesman syndrome : a story , a line she and rona had come up with .
music blares from a lit - up car wash area near where they enter open sliding glass doors to the parking garage elevators .
while her grandmother looks over the low - fat cheese area , she stares at the bars of olives and antipasto , follows her nose to the drums of heaped - up glistening coffee beans , turns around to stare at the christmas goodies piled up round a column .
come on , her grandmother calls as she zips past her into the lit - up area which used to be the hazelton lanes skating rink but now houses the cash registers .
suddenly , julie has rejoined her in this private area .
a large box is in a center area .
there is an open area so no one can get to the box .
a few minutes later , the door to the cockpit opened slowly and the asian - looking pilot confidently emerged and took a few steps into the cargo area .
entering the passenger area , clay commented , this is decked out pretty nice for a cargo plane .
fourteen first - class sleeper chairs plus a kitchen and dining area .
while the loading continued , yongten gathered the five passengers in the upstairs dining area .
twenty minutes later , three uniformed men were escorted up to the dining area in the 747 .
after takeoff , clay and shali took a quick shower and cleaned up in the small bathroom behind the kitchen area .
within an hour , they were all in the international processing area .
well work out the timing and details so everything is ready to move once the universitys storage vault and work area is completed .
they emerged from the tunnel and walked down the hallway to the backstage area behind the podium .
we have not been able to identify how many bodies were in the main area of the stage .
the two guards in the back area did nt make it .
no , just a large stone storage area .
from the kitchen , leyna walked slowly through the living area and down the hall , inspecting the place .
she tossed her purse on the couch in the living room area and wrapped her arms around my neck , her makeup refreshed .
we should have been received in a dining hall , or music room - not a common area where he receives ordinary townspeople .
daniel found yanus at the entrance to the baggage claim area .
it led back toward a parking area in the rear .
a coffee table and a small area rug in front of the chairs finished the small sitting area .
floodlights from the roof of the building kept the pool area and the adjacent parking areas awash in light .
floodlights from the roof of the building kept the pool area and the adjacent parking areas awash in light .
someone spent some time around this area , daniel said looking over a patch of dust - free concrete floor .
a tall , lanky , throwback to the sixties came out from the back kitchen area .
to the left , was a cubby area with a closed door .
while daniel was trying to figure out how to shut off the spigots , yanus was looking over the vault area .
the elevator opened up to a small waiting area .
he pulled it back enough to walk into her area .
he sent them into the chapel waiting area .
drawings for a set of ornate gates were lying on top , the draughtsmanship displaying the same neatness and meticulousness evident in the living area of the house .
i was signed in by dee and given an electronic key card that monitored my movements in the building and gave me access to selected areas .
after a minute of video of the reception area we saw the sergeant and the peer exit the lift and walk into a tastefully appointed area which serves as a waiting room .
after a minute of video of the reception area we saw the sergeant and the peer exit the lift and walk into a tastefully appointed area which serves as a waiting room .
the video screen reverted to a single wide shot of the reception area and i watched for a reaction from our two stooges .
* * * mr de montagu could add nothing to his statement and had nothing to say about the set up in the reception area , and so he and mr nour were thanked and allowed to go .
he waited until there was a place to pull in off the busy road and then parked up in a recessed parking area .
the corridor opened into a bright lounge area that was modestly furnished in typical holiday cottage style .
from my seat i could see a tiny lobby area leading to two bedrooms .
in the summer the door curtain would blow a wall of cool air across the entrance to stop the heat penetrating into the working areas .
she passed through the invisible wall of heat and into the lobby area , which was several degrees cooler than it was designed to be .
geordie headed towards the reception area whilst she walked across the corridor into the conference room and switched on the lights .
martin de souza sat quietly in the reception area of the marati embassy and wondered why this poverty stricken nation enjoyed one of the most exclusive addresses for an embassy anywhere in london .
also in the reception area was a display of tanzanite , which looked real to de souza , and if so , the display would be worth over a million pounds if sold in hatton gardens .
it had two bedrooms , a kitchen unit , a shower and a large sitting area whose cushions unfolded imaginatively to create one huge bed .
he led me past the desks where i d met betty and eddie hampshire , and further into a large open - plan area where rows of desks dotted with computers were separated by waist - high partitions covered in blue felt .
odonovan guided me to a table between two shelving units that faced each other , creating a private space that seemed to act as an informal meeting area .
five minutes later a man with a distended stomach opened a glass - paned door into the reception area and lifted one of his chins towards me .
she pointed across the seating area and i mutely followed the direction of her arm .
a group of children in the crche area sat hypnotised by cartoon tv as though they d never seen it before .
mitch had millie put the microwave and bar frig in the break area of the town hall .
they went past a weight area where a number of officers were working out .
the master bedroom had double walk in closets , a dressing area and a very large master bath .
millie stayed in the waiting area with carla .
she walked clear of the work area and was heading toward the shore when her phone rang .
all except on certain areas of the walls that once housed portraits .
sun came in through the glass windows of the sixth floor , and even though they were all infested with gunk and mildew , they revealed almost every nook and cranny in the area .
with space enough for an old piano , a separate study area , and a private bathroom , there was no questioning the rooms magnanimous size .
the hall turned sharp and ran for a few yards before it opened into the councils meeting area .
she had to help him , them , she corrected , reach the transport area .
once inside the room , other guests were excitedly moving toward one particular area .
they were skirting the pool and patio area where a group had gathered to drink and laugh at whatever idle conversation amused them .
greg showed the light on the walls of the tunnel and the random wider openings , revealing interesting colors and patterns , cautioning her to duck here and there to avoid hitting her head on a low - hanging area .
he pointed to an area near the bottom step leading up to the cabin porch .
janet walked a few steps to reach the main cavern area and passageway .
she had no idea how long shed been making her way along , but suddenly the tunnel opened up into a larger cavern area .
she was tense and frightened , but continued to approach the lighted area cautiously .
more cars arrived , and there seemed to be a bustle of activity in the guest lodge and kitchen areas .
she passed through the invisible wall of heat and into the lobby area , which felt several degrees cooler than it was designed to be .
also located in the reception area was a secure display of tanzanite , which looked real to de souza , and if so , the display would be worth over a million pounds if sold in hatton garden , a sum that would release tens of thousands of maratis from poverty .
their operatives created offices by partitioning platform areas and they continued to manage the facility for the other users .
housed in unspectacular brick buildings behind security gates , the area was quite busy as staff readied themselves for a move to salford in manchester .
obviously the areas closest to the lights were the most brightly lit , but even the far ends of the platforms were visible , albeit barely .
when perry had first moved to this office , he was warned , somewhat pointedly , that the outside patio had been designated as an inside area for the purposes of the smoking ban .
the passageway was brightly lit as the expensive stained glass in the public areas had given way to heavy clear leaded glass in the sparsely decorated private areas .
the passageway was brightly lit as the expensive stained glass in the public areas had given way to heavy clear leaded glass in the sparsely decorated private areas .
i will position myself in the north transept and deal with any visitors in that area .
eventually the two old friends came into the lounge area and dee introduced katie norman .
a few minutes later the three men were sitting in the ultra modern , not so comfortable break out area , reserved for security staff .
the reception area provided a respite from the cold winds whipping across the car park , and pete and dee were grateful for the overheated lobby .
her accommodation was a simple dorm room on the first floor with a self contained kitchen area and bathroom .
the single large room incorporated a bed and clothes storage on one wall , with a desk and study area on the opposite wall .
the small kitchen area was equipped with a fridge under a counter , a toaster and kettle on the counter top and a microwave oven built in above .
barry fell silent and dee walked through reception to the valet parking area .
i followed dee to the scrap yard , and when she disappeared with barry i carried out a quick surveillance of the area .
smooth , creamy - brown skin rubbed against the cushions of the semi - oval exterior seating area , and soon the girls were largely naked , other than a captains hat the oldest , ana , kept perched precariously on her head even as veronicas probing tongue demanded her attention .
he sucked down his frustration and concentrated on the job at hand , eyes scanning the surrounding dock area and the buildings for any hint of latent danger .
alberto called his men to an area near the dock and briefed the new arrivals .
when alberto made his way down the shattered stairs to the companionway that led to that area , he already knew in his heart what his eyes would confirm .
the old ship was manifested as delivering coffee and bananas from colombia , which was largely true , although the money - making haul was the ten tons of cocaine stashed in the specially constructed compartments in her lower hold , which to cursory inspection appeared to be the floor of the cargo area inside the hull .
firing from the two btr-70s had also stopped , though the entire waterfront area still resonated with receding echoes of gunfire .
he was able to move his head and crane his neck and he saw a young man dressed entirely in black turn to face him from the area by the stalls .
he placed it carefully on a stall ledge so it brightened the area where altamar was chained and went back to the truck , extinguishing its headlights and shutting off the motor .
he could make out the silhouettes of the armed guards sitting at their assigned points near the primary entry areas , but even so , he did nt anticipate any problems getting in and out .
he stood at the toilet going about his business , sadie obediently waiting for him on the other side of the threshold to the forbidden area , and yawned loudly , stretching his arms over his head and finishing by rubbing his hand across the coarse stubble on his cheeks .
it was as if someone had scrubbed every surface right before he got there but the entire town , as far as he could see wandering around the downtown area , was like that .
he studied the three small video cassettes and labeled them one through three with a fine - tip marker , then slipped them into his pocket before turning off the work area lights .
the qantas first class lounge was mostly empty so el rey had the area he was sitting in all to himself .
during the next hour , seven humvees and escalades discharged their loads before pulling back out of the compound and parking in a brightly lit area designated for the purpose .
peals of adolescent laughter punctuated the melody of strumming guitars and blaring horns and violins , while the women circled the childrens area clutching pia coladas and daiquiris in their lavishly bejeweled hands .
he swiveled and moved onto the performance area with a practiced ease and began singing one of his most famous ballads , a perennial favorite with young and old alike .
he raced back to the beach side of the roof , pulled the pins on the smoke grenades and threw them onto the right side of the pool deck , allowing the breeze to waft a dense fog over the area .
anne thanked him and rushed to the condiment area to add cream and sugar .
she looked around the room , avoiding the area of space that allan and his attorney occupied .
though she ran as fast as her legs could carry her , anne did nt reach the area in time to see which row he took .
soon michael was in the yard , throwing the ball , and a delighted harley was bounding from one area of the yard to another to fetch it .
the body was found this morning about 100 feet away from where cindy barrett was found in the wind farm construction area of annes farm .
there were twelve loafs of fresh onion bread in the baked goods area , right out of the machines .
i could see something move in the deli area .
the suit came back and stood quietly at the entrance to the conference area .
around back was the kennel area .
and in the middle of all the numbered areas is a common bathhouse with showers .
dad is going to try the vendor area and talk to some of his friends who are volunteering at some of the concessions .
in one area is a color - coordinated bathroom with a door .
i left her and entered the depression with shacks , three clustered around a central area that had the burn marks of a fire pit .
he pointed to an area of tipperary , near cashel .
frustration is really starting to set in when the bags finally appear through the thick plastic slats of the baggage area .
it was at least 150 metres to the lodge , but we had a clear line of site diagonally across the road , and into the car park area at the front of the building .
the wrecked honda was just abandoned and we headed for the terminal , walking across the linking bridge , down one floor and then into the check in area .
a drink at the bar is not mandatory for anyone , but as i wish to be introduced , it will be expected of me to remain in the lounge area of the lodge for at least an hour after the meeting .
the centre of the room took my breath away ; a large , possibly eight meter square area was chequered with small black and white squares ; each square only 10 centimetres or so in width .
the area was hardly lit at all and the stench was unbearable , he gagged a little and kept going .
it was 530am and the hotel lobby was quiet , except for the coming and going of hotel staff ; david sat in the adjacent dining room eating his breakfast and gazing through the smoked glass wall that divided the two busy areas .
the weather was hot , it was at least 45 degrees c. kish and his fellow passengers entered the customs area and queued up to present their passports .
it was 630pm and after one more check in the mirror , he took a deep breath and made his way to the reception area of the hotel .
before entering the man opened a small cupboard and grabbed several torches ; he led the way down a ladder into a dark basement area , there was no lighting .
it is this sanctity that turns many holy men away as they are worried that they will unintentionally step on the same area that the holy of holies once stood : the holy of the holies being the tabernacle , and later on the first and second temples ; where the ark of the covenant was kept .
i then hear footsteps downstairs in the kitchen / living room area .
in the reflection of the mirror , i swear saw something move out in the living area behind me .
six researchers and clerks worked in the central control area , though the agents also often used the facilities : five spare desks , each with pcs and dumb terminals linked to the central mainframe on the ground floor .
six large floodlamps on makeshift gantries lit the area , and two diesel generators hummed each side .
chapter 4 edwin lee cagill looked out into the night through glass sliding windows : a floodlit swimming pool and adjoining jacuzzi , a formal dining area in white rattan under a green and white striped open marquee , soft green lights picking out plants and shrubs at intervals for two hundred yards beyond .
ahead was the pool area , half obscured through sheets of misty rain .
but lomas pointed out that the bar was mostly a no - go area outside of regulars and recommendations .
greg grabs the extra large tent from the storage area .
it pulls in the parking area at the lake and two emt 's jump from the vehicle and walk toward them .
this was where it all began , and two and a half decades had nt done much to brighten the bizarre living area at the heart of the payson boarding home .
in the jail area .
upon leaving the living room we entered a large atrium area filled with tropical plants and assorted patio furniture .
kurt 's chauffeur took us to the texas cattle co. where we were escorted past the long lunch line into a private dining area .
when i walked in , tex was sitting in the reception area reading a magazine .
as we were talking the door to the reception area opened and a young woman appeared .
we got my luggage from the baggage claim area and then found rebekah 's car .
tom , pete and george were already seated in the reception area looking pretty pale .
i met miss texas wine country at the staging area , she climbed into the corvette and sat on the back of the rear seat .
below her , almost twenty feet down , was the soah , the open area in front of the longhouse , used for larger gatherings and on festival days .
waving to acquaintances he sat down and ordered a bowl of soft noodles but instead of waiting he quickly walked through the kitchen area , nodded to the owner and let himself out through the back door to the alley behind .
the open plan living area , which was huge , was open to the original beams in the roof with two large , slowly turning fans to push the heat down .
he could see he was in a kitchen area , the room bordered by long white counters .
the family accommodation area and service centers were a short walk from the service buildings on the other side of the highway .
paddy ohara , as one of the senior ncos on base , had his own bachelor apartment in the family accommodation area about a fifteen minute walk from his office.a neat little apartment in a co - op type building .
he failed to notice that the gentleman had an excellent view of the lounge area and bar and particularly the area where tony had been sitting although he must have had the choice of far nicer tables .
he failed to notice that the gentleman had an excellent view of the lounge area and bar and particularly the area where tony had been sitting although he must have had the choice of far nicer tables .
she was shown into a small conference room that had seen better days and still stank of stale cigarette smoke although most certainly the building had been a no smoking area for several years .
he honked , she waved ... walked over to the pick up area and got in the passenger side of the car .
as johno half turned his head three buxom ladies in bikinis came out of the sauna area , soaking wet and shimmering .
female k2 administrative staff , now dressed in traditional swiss costumes long grey skirts , white blouses with black waistcoats - lined the drawbridge and ushered the men inside through the courtyard , through the great hall and to the lobby area .
slowly ambling up the grass he stopped at the edge of the tarmac area .
that s the cooking area ?
there s no one in it , so they ran into the main area when they heard the explosion , getting the gas all over them .
but the only area they managed to breach was the restaurant , just about the lowest security area .
but the only area they managed to breach was the restaurant , just about the lowest security area .
we have kicked out the usual occupants and there are more than enough rooms and beds for you all , showers and a canteen area .
start with a shit load of industrial bleach , fine lime powder and rig up some outdoor shower areas , boot washing areas , hand washing areas on the main gate .
start with a shit load of industrial bleach , fine lime powder and rig up some outdoor shower areas , boot washing areas , hand washing areas on the main gate .
start with a shit load of industrial bleach , fine lime powder and rig up some outdoor shower areas , boot washing areas , hand washing areas on the main gate .
a german national , sent by another german national who just so happens to have close links to several political groups and currently serving members of your coalition government - planted a bomb in this facility , in a low security area , our staff canteen .
the hotel steps were lined with guards , the edges of the parking area three deep with people stood in silence .
the parking area there was always left open by the residents of the apartments fronting ramiz sadiku so the brothel patrons had a place to park .
there was an overflow area on a slight rise of ground behind the pool and to my left as i approached downhill .
i paid off the cabbie and entered the open lower area before heading up to a balcony overlooking the city .
making my way to the kitchen / eating area , i handed the wine to aferdita , got a warm kiss in return and then looked for a place to drop my coat .
lying on the floor of the entrance area was a post hole digger filled with cement .
the area had been selected as much for its privacy as anything , the apartments were solid and sound would nt travel out .
jade was looking across the arena at two men in matching grey armani suits who had stepped onto the floor from the service area .
a crowd of wrestlers and entourage followed the medics as they rolled branson through the locker room area and out to a loading dock , where he was lifted into an ambulance .
when he finished cleaning up and returned to the backstage area , he found it mostly empty .
for the next hour , joey paced the hallways of the backstage area .
joey pushed through a group of crew members to get to duke and goliath right as they stepped into the backstage area .
but it was common practice , practically tradition , that goliath would disappear in the backstage area for an hour or so before his showtime .
joey followed her out of the locker room area toward the black curtain .
with cameramen following , the paramedics rolled the stretcher out of the arena , through the backstage area , and onto an ambulance .
the backstage area was empty .
her room , identical to his , began with a living room area and kitchenette , separated from the bedroom and bathroom by an open doorway .
jade went through the bedroom to the bathroom , and joey took a seat on the sofa in the living room area .
joey walked out of the bedroom , through the entrance area , and to the door .
to joeys right was a sitting area surrounding a flatscreen tv .
joey followed duke back into the suite and to the sitting area off the main room .
he headed into the living room area and took a seat on the sofa .
he found raptor sitting with a group of wrestlers in a makeshift common area just before the arena entrance .
as joey approached , all the conversation in the common area stopped .
the displeasure of the fans brought about a slurry of questions when joey returned to the backstage area .
the corridors were less like those of a locker room area and more like those of an office , with doors and windows into meeting rooms lining the walls .
it took several tries and nearly ten minutes to find the path to the backstage area .
jade followed him through the glass doors that led to the backstage area .
paul took one more look around the area , then leaned over steves shoulder and hit the y key , initiating the print job .
upon entering the baggage claim area , joey was pleased to see his name on one of the white posters being held up in the line of chauffeurs .
they followed sam into the arena and through the backstage area .
as she walked out of the area , he thought about what he was doing to her .
performers were right on cue , backstage segments fit into the mix perfectly , and the backstage area was quiet and civil .
max took his headset off and yelled into the backstage area .
upon entering the backstage area , an open foyer of concrete right before the locker rooms , a nameless face tried to give joey a bottle of water .
guided by lighted arrows , the students and parents migrated from the parking area into ornate covered walkways .
monson walked into a handsome sitting area where oversized leather sitting chairs and a sofa were carefully arranged around a sturdy oak coffee table .
sizable floor lamps stood on either side of the chairs , dousing the area with mounds of soft light .
adjacent to the sitting area was a large wooden entertainment center , completely self - contained behind wooden shutters .
he noticed that besides the sitting area , which could easily be used for entertaining , there was a wet bar , complete with a refrigerator and an assortment of laborsaving appliances .
coach hawke gave monson a quick tour of the locker room , pointing out the showers , lockers , spa , and different therapy areas .
after he parked his jeep wrangler in a slightly widened pull off area , steve climbed out and walked up the concrete drive .
in his mind 's eye he pictured a dormitory in the second room , the main classroom as a living area and somehow the vision of his visitor came back to complement the picture .
inside there seemed to be two of everything , including two spacious living areas with balconies overlooking the hillside below and the city beyond .
* as usual , the parking area at cathy 's school was full as parents waited to pick up their daughters .
at the end of the cellar was a small work area in front of a bench built across the end .
he held it as if he was carrying eggs and strolled over to a brighter area by the door .
he held his breath , opened the door and sighed in relief when the interior light flooded the area below .
vehicles cluttered around the parking area but nobody was in sight .
in a scream of brakes , she turned into the side driveway for ambulances only and stopped in a covered parking area .
lavina tucked her arm in steve 's and the pair walked more sedately towards room 1 of the former upper forks road school that was the kitchen and dining area .
for our own safety i considered turning back and returning better prepared , but as the flash of jills digital camera burst i caught a quick glance of an entryway into another area .
it was another large storage area , but the drawings indicated a storm door at the opposite end .
he then led him to the area where the alleged cells lay .
while this storage area of the cellar was quite large , we almost immediately came face to face with pink wall of light , which was now turning into a slightly darker shade .
my new - found knowledge of the basement layout enabled me to postulate how large the disturbance was , yet i had no way of determining its interior volume , or whether it complied to the dimensions of the area it occupied .
giving last minute orders , afellay then excused himself , walking directly to the area of the viewing stands in order to better prepare for the afternoon 's event .
by using the hidden exit and taking separate routes to the reviewing stand area at the bab jebala , they should be able to lessen any possibility of capture .
simultaneously , hasan and fettah were winding their way towards the rcif parking area .
a thin smile crease the face of the man as he wipes dirt off of his expensive italian loafers and makes another call to order a car to meet him at the bab ftouh taxi area .
the hangar also housed a separate set of rooms : a lounge area , study , and bedroom and bath .
he had been invited by one of the eaa board members who had heard of his huey in still perfect condition and offered him a prime place in the viewing area .
he was never allowed into the design area and their top secret laboratory , but he had enough knowledge and training to break any code and get through any security device anywhere in their factory at the san diego airport when nobody was around .
i do nt mind , though ; yuma is smaller , the marines keep to themselves , and they ve given us our own area with hangars .
preston walked over the design he wanted with joe , which included five bedrooms on the new second floor over his current hangar sleeping area , plus a small room with a sink and toilet .
put the toilet and sink over the current bathroom at the top of the stairs and the windows from the hallway can face out into the hangar area and give some light since there will be no windows in the middle rooms .
in 2005 , he completed his fuel project by buying and building a re - fueling point for all five tanks to the side of the parking area so that all aircraft - refueling was at least 50 feet from the hangar for safety .
he stepped onto the wing with a small backpack in his hand , walked down a small walkable area to the rear and jumped onto the ground .
its actually 2,670 feet of asphalt and if she uses the run - off area , there go my end lights .
barbara came in as instructed and landed the helicopter just where preston wanted it , on the outer area of the apron facing north .
they arrived at exactly 12:30 p.m. , and the three smart family members were already outside the baggage claim area waiting for them .
the shutdown spun the wheel hard to starboard and the ship went straight into the sydney opera house , destroying that part of the harbor area and several blocks behind it as it exploded with a massive blast .
then it occurred to him that no partner was arriving with a car , and he ran to the parking area to find mike trying to get a black and white started .
having checked the area for safety , the captain sat back in a soft leather desk chair in the most luxurious corner office in the warehouse , and put his feet up on the desk .
captain mallorys flashlight was a powerful one , and it lit up large areas of the cavernous space .
we have a team carefully going through all the known parts of the basement areas looking for something that might have been walled up or closed off .
the bar area was clean , the bar stools neatly stacked on the bar and the whole area locked down with a steel mesh .
the bar area was clean , the bar stools neatly stacked on the bar and the whole area locked down with a steel mesh .
the lobby areas were clear , dark and void of life with only the windows letting in light .
buck nodded and went over to the refueling area .
i plan to have two men constantly up in the tower and two walking the perimeter around the entrance area at all times .
the underground areas were full of hopefuls who were just waiting for the electricity to come on .
in some stations , trains were permanently fixed in position and even more people insinuated themselves into their enclosed areas ; they were sleeping or sitting on the seats , eating whatever they had found or stolen , smoking , drinking , or just trying to stay out of each others way .
it was time to seriously look around , but he wanted to locate the rest of the passengers , who were in other areas in the warehouse .
sunlight began to stream through the east windows and he noticed another door leading into an area behind the back wall .
it looked like a museuma vehicle museumor at least a storage area for old vehicles .
the large area looked like a movie set , or at least storage facilities for movie equipment , since there were also steel lifts , cameras , and other film - making equipment .
then he saw what he thought was more importanta couple of fancy home gas grills under an old steel kitchen hood already set up to feed workers ; he suspected there had been a more permanent cooking area there .
the front area was wood - paneled and on the walls hung old black and white pictures .
chairs were neatly stacked in one corner and he looked towards the other wall by the old kitchen area where there was an obvious workshop where repairs were done .
there was also a six - foot freezer chest and stand - up refrigerator behind a partition , with two restaurant - style bathrooms in two enclosed areas to the rear .
the captain then searched the workshop area and found a welding torch and gas bottle and hauled it back to the door .
the embassy is quite warm , and if we close down unnecessary areas , they will have food and warmth for at least two weeks or more .
he opened the steel gate to the locked bar area with a piece of broken pipe from outside the gate and went to the back exit of the bar , unlocked the outside door and saw what he had seen from outsidea steel cage holding several 100 - pound tanks of gas used for cooking .
well - wishers , staff and fans thronged the backstage area to congratulate wesley .
gentlemen , ladies , please move to the reception area where lunch will be served .
additional duties included the preparation and cleaning of meeting rooms and reception areas .
her kitchen overlooked the parking area and as she filled the kettle she could see them starting to unload the cars .
as he walked through into the customs area he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirrored glass .
the whole area gleamed in a blaze of brightness , steel and toughened glass and computer wizardry .
wellington was easy to secure , easy to isolate and so it would be easy to control the small central area where the forum would play out .
he d had almost no sleep and he d been forced to watch as other travellers arrived , checked - in and walked through into the customs control area totally oblivious to his plight .
the pope folded his lips over his teeth as he watched jimmy and tom walk towards ivan and the small area of remaining light .
dozens of footless shoes scattered the area , it was the ones that still had feet in them that brought a fresh set of tears to dr . tolberts eyes .
he pulled two long wires that hung from the ignition area and sparked them together , breathing life into the cars engine .
turning to the officers she said , take this man to the staging area and hold him there until we are done here .
cmon , boss wants us back at the staging area .
agent conrad and the two cops we sent back to the staging area .
he ran a hand over the surrounding area and found another such indentation , about a foot to the left , and another almost underneath the foot of the bed .
there s a lobby area there where you can wait .
she was as good as her word : there was a little seating area with cushions with a water - cooler and a window with a view over the town and the rest of east london beyond .
leaving the main traffic area and entering the blocked - off side street used for the extravaganza was like entering a different time , like i d been transported a hundred years into the past .
jolies dining area off the kitchen had morphed into a gaping hole .
in the pile of papers on his workstation ( he and rupa had one each , facing each other across what , in a family home , would have been the dining area ) , he came across a copy of the last piece of work he had done for his course , complete with highly favorable comments from the assessors .
take a step towards the meeting area ( is that what it said on the blueprint ?
but the reception area is inescapably naff .
after they grabbed their bags hollywood left and mike turned to look for the car rental area .
mike took a chair in the waiting area and picked up the morning paper .
mike and andy walked to a covered area by the motel pool that was the designated smoking area and lit up .
mike and andy walked to a covered area by the motel pool that was the designated smoking area and lit up .
the living area had a complete wet bar , sitting area , table with four chairs , a large screen tv with stereo , and a beautiful view four stories below to the pool .
the living area had a complete wet bar , sitting area , table with four chairs , a large screen tv with stereo , and a beautiful view four stories below to the pool .
in the master suite was a pillow top king size bed with silk sheets , plush carpeted floor , sitting area and closet .
she put on the terrycloth bathrobe and made her way to the living area , came up to mike and placed a soft kiss on his cheek .
the area was wide open and too well lit .
she shouted back to him , were heading out to the feeding area .
this area was heated and contained andys pride and joy .
they stopped and entered the stable area .
at 1800 hours they were at the hangar area when the same jet and crew landed and taxied up .
well wait until the flight departs , and then ill have a tug pick you up at the bottom of the stairs and bring you around to a secure area .
mike and alex met him in the baggage claim area .
from there they made their way to the private aircraft area and to the cessna .
people grabbed their drinks , had them refreshed and made their way to the garden area .
he escorted them forward through a large dining area and across the living room and library .
he led them to the main cabin , their room , which contained a king sized bed , reading area and bathroom that contained a hot tub .
after dressing they walked to the dining area and found two places set .
they had to pass through the living area where blanche and henri were hiding .
they tried to enter the area but the door was locked .
entering the living / kitchen area he sprayed the entire room with bullets until his cartridge was emptied , quickly unsnapped the spent cartridge and replaced it with a new one .
mike and andy were aft when they heard the commotion in the living room and kitchen area .
mike saw a door leading to the living area and entered .
it was the living room and dining area .
blanche moved toward the kitchen area .
matching couches in a relaxed off - white color flanked the spacious area , and the marble coffee table at the living rooms center was piled high with dog - eared novels .
the private office was unchanged from the last time dennis had visited , and it still looked much more like someones living room than an administrative area .
the door leading out into the shops main area was still open , and dennis peered through .
he followed luke through an adorned archway into what could only be a common area , furnished with hardwood chairs and ornate cushioned benches .
he meandered through the familiar areas of the dwelling , checking evys room first , now devoid of the chair , and then searched the connected kitchen and dining room .
a single , ancient tree stood off to the left side of the area , beneath which a white table and matching chairs had been set .
he turned to face the waiting area and gave dennis a smile .
hiram west led us toward some bleachers to the left of the roped - off area that occupied the middle of the barn .
i lived for the bloody times , when men were lined up twelve deep in the triage area , with trainloads arriving every hour .
she waved a hand around the reception area .
i am not standing here in the middle of the bloody reception area talking to you about it so you can get your kicks .
the sergeant nodded his head in the girls direction and she lifted the flap in the counter and came through into the reception area .
he was just thinking rosy thoughts about a nice big mug of tea when the double doors into the station reception area crashed open .
macallister looked meaningfully at the two small girls and john morton walked over and closed the double french windows to the patio area .
he pointed out into the waiting area .
pardoe had other big stores and factories on his patch , but what made chandler 's different was that half of its some nine hundred employees worked in the warehouse and packing areas and insisted on weekly payment by cash in hand .
there were no less than three settees and several armchairs in dark brown leather grouped around this pillar , making it the central recreation area .
its the kitchen area .
he turned to a door that was set in the corner of the room that evidently led to the sleeping area at the back of the apartment .
he gave a shrug to the receptionist and started on his way to the lifts on the far side of the reception area ; thankful he had only been bright enough to be a plod .
it had been driven into the river severn halfway down the portway to the dock areas , but whoever had done it had forgotten , or did n't know , how tidal the river is .
he glanced around the public area .
marcus lomax and frank lintsey were parked in the unloading area at the back of one of the large electrical goods shops in the central precinct , sitting in the rear of an old ford focus van that had seen better days and were both stiff and cramped .
situated as it was right on the edge of the liverpool dock area he would not have expected it to be glamorous , but this was the pits .
the bar area also doubled as the stock room as the cellar had taken the place of what had been the old scullery and washhouse .
she insists as they move towards the dining area .
the apartment is open - planned but from where they stand the kitchen walls obscure the dining area .
nikki says as she walks from the hall to the left , toward the compact living area and kitchen .
her face broke into a wide smile and she welcomed us into the front room , which had been converted into a reception area .
we entered the first to find a small baptismal pool and a confessional area .
i looked at the bed stand area , allowing the glasses ' infra - red camera to absorb as much heat as possible .
i opened the glass door on the right side of the library , exposing the area missing a shelf and checked for a similar indentation .
the resulting triangle , short and long , outlined an area on the floor .
` ` it 's just a small area downstairs , in a corner , near the front desk of the villa leblanc .
inside , i was confronted by a spacious area , with two rows of seven seats .
a screen in its top half area allowed fresh air to flow freely .
entering , we found ourselves in a large octagonal room , a central hub , with eight passages heading off into different areas .
` ` perhaps the corridor leads to storage areas . ''
the central area was solid , filled with an amalgam of rubble , rather than bedrock .
we used this area to install our main air shaft and stair system .
` ` as i suspected , there is a hollow chamber beneath this raised area .
they have an onboard computer and can safely carry anyone to any point in the renovated cave areas .
richard moved into the living area and pointed to a table in the corner with a large section of amethyst perched centrally on it .
he worked his way as silently as he could between the crowd of distressed patients and doctors alike and slipped into the deserted main reception area .
it has an onboard computer and can safely carry anyone to any point in the renovated cave areas .
going through the servant 's door , i found a small room , probably a staging area for the meals , which led to a narrow staircase going down one level into the main kitchen , located in the middle of the servant 's quarters .
early in the fortress ' construction , i had reserved a group of forty chambers as my private area , away from the others , deep underground , where i felt safest .
hidden vents , located in key areas , would rapidly flood the cave system .
access to these rooms was restricted and i could not legitimately provide a reason for needing entry into that area .
the wall i had just climbed had been built to seal off access to one of the few areas not already enclosed by existing buildings .
the nazis had spared no expense setting up the filtration area , automating it completely .
he was without his usual retinue of bodyguards , dispatched to monitor key areas in the caves .
we looked out at what we had thought was a pool and the area where we had spent our days sunning .
the room is split into two , a closet and a small area which abby uses to hide from her parents and smoke pot .
nikki moved to the door to return to her desk in the tech area ; before she left , she dumped a stack of papers on a table by the doorway .
the officers checked every inch of the apartment ; it was a large flat , with a spacious living area connected to two separate bedrooms and a bathroom .
as nikki worked at her computer in the tech area , cobb stood behind her in silence , desperately trying to think where the other six suspects could be .
he waved a hand towards the busy intelligence team in the operations area .
as they walked across the marble floor and into the reception area , dominick glanced to his right and saw a television mounted on the wall .
gather the boys , he told mac , as he pulled the glass door open and moved into the operations area .
but as he did so there was a sudden movement at the doorway and porter suddenly appeared , moving in from the operations area .
twenty three at the arus headquarters , cobb returned to the operations area having just been downstairs watching his team set up an interrogation .
as cobb re - entered the analyst teams area , he saw the task force was nt in the briefing room .
as the tape ran , all four pairs of eyes watched a man walking through the reception area towards the exit .
in the tech area , nikki hung up on a telephone call and quickly removed her headset , walking swiftly over to cobbs office .
before he entered the room , the detective turned and moved through a side door and into the reception area .
she was sitting behind her desk in the operations area .
he was now alone on the upper level of the armed response unit , inside the tech area .
together they walked down the stairs and arrived in the reception area , pushing open the door and walked outside .
desks lined the area in front of the elevator and followed the middle of the room all the way to the back wall .
keep in mind we have people in the houston area now waiting for our command .
mark stepped back into the bedroom area , water still glistening on his broad chest , a towel wrapped around his waist .
he had never wanted a telephone in his work area .
bryan drove around behind the building and pulled into an underground parking area denoted with a large , stern sign : ambulances and police only .
the glass double doors at the entrance slid open and they walked into a security area .
it appeared the authorities had scraped the top layer of sand around the area where the television had lain .
he clicked the switch on the wall and the bright overhead light lit up the area as the garage door crept upward .
the covered walkway opened up to the mostly sunny lunch area .
the few people sitting in the reception area were nt waiting for their loved - ones but waiting for their meth orders to be filled .
cigarette butts and boxes , dead plants and beer cans decorate what could be a comfortable lounge area .
also on the stage area there s a group of students smoking out of a hookah .
whether it is outlawing parties , far away parking lots and a new parking garage for faculty , and what about the designated smoking areas ?
his work space is the receiving area of the warehouse .
henry continues walking in to the living room area and sees the wild woman in the living room with three wastes of flesh , setting up her equipment for a photo shoot .
behind the gift shop was the covered picnic area , and the prehistoric fun park tour , a paved walkway that wound around the hill , through various huts that held animatronic dinosaur displays .
next to the kitchen was an area that could roughly be called the living room , and beyond that was the bedroom .
as i went into the bedroom area i had to remind myself that i was doing this for the right reasons .
he had a balcony and a small dining area next to his living room , which was furnished with a new black sofa and easy chair .
we walked past the empty cells again and this time went into the main station area that was open to the public .
there was a lot of gas left over so they put a bunch in the bedroom , and then did some of the deck area , being careful not to go too close to the engines , so the boat would run for a while .
as the other soldier kept his rifle pointed at the men , hannah was pushed into the kitchen area , the soldier behind her .
there , in the kitchen area , the bloodied bodies of his father , mother , aunt , and uncle lay sprawled on the floor .
the three of us stood in different areas of the ski department and not so subtly kept watch on the young man , probably sixteen or seventeen years old , wearing a big , baggy hooded sweatshirt and loose fitting blue jeans .
i stood up and took a couple steps , stretching the phone cord to look out at the pool area .
i opened the gate and walked through a small garden area to the front door .
we carried our meals into the darkened dining area and sank into a comfortable booth with burgundy colored , cushioned vinyl seats .
at each end of this enclosed area is a very large mirror .
i organized the clothing racks , trying to find items which were out of place , straightened up the repair area where we installed leather grips and drilled out the wooden rackets .
they were now with us in the large lobby area of the hospital .
sleep came quickly after that , and although i was awakened a few times by people coming and going from the pool area , it felt good to get what sleep i did over the next few hours .
i left the elevator and began the walk to the reception desk , which faced the antique - filled sitting area .
if we could get into the front office area undetected , it would be much easier to take them by surprise .
the three of us tiptoed into the office area .
we could tell that the hallway made a left hand turn , presumably towards the back warehouse area .
i whispered first to jake and then to jennifer that this door could be the end of the offices -- beyond it , the manufacturing area .
jake tapped me on the back and motioned for us to follow him back to the reception area , where we could talk more freely .
i found the general area that had all the shoes jay wanted .
the patio housed a large hot tub , basketball hoop , a sun tanning area , and a flower garden .
we proceeded to walk down the hall from the pool area , where steve briefly introduced us to the familys home gym .
you can have a seat in our waiting area if you like .
on this side were the water fountain and an eating area .
it looked like a hangout area and a computer room combined .
on the right was an open area , looked like another living room , but nothing was in here .
i stood in the receptionist area and glowered at the counter .
ian took abdi gently by the shoulder and let him politely go first into the small meeting room at the back of the reception area .
in the forty - four hundred block grant turned off into a six - story hotel , and slid into a parking garage next to a restaurant with an outside seating area .
they sat tucked into a private meeting room , just off the main dining area , which was empty anyway .
a large staircase invited tourists to the second floor , with more tables overlooking the performance area below .
i followed him to the dining area , but he kept walking toward the windows .
there was a play area for children , an artificial lake with ducks and other water fowls , an extensive expanse of lawn and several wooded areas .
the eleventh floor was home to a series of empty storage areas ; it was evident from the state of the rooms that they had only just been cleared .
there was also no way out of this carriage , the way this time being blocked by some kind of metal railings , though this area was lit .
he could see on the right the partitioned , lit , area , which had blocked his way .
they moved passed the lit area and disappeared down the tunnel away from tom .
he carefully made his way to the source of the lit area , a small stairway with railings and a green emergency exit sign with an arrow above it .
he reached the mouth of the now narrow tube tunnel on his left , which was like an arch in the bottom left of the bigger arch of the station platform area .
he reached the lit stair area with the emergency exit sign .
this led to some other wide tube station stairs , which like the platform areas had no tiles on their walls .
just over a half n hour later , he approached with caution the fenced - off area of the surface building of north end .
he then quickly went to the left of the stairs , where he had noticed there was a hole in the wall , which must lead to the southbound platform area , where the creatures den was .
he was now at the northbound platform area that had been bricked - off and at the open part railed - off from the tube part of the tunnel for safety .
he quickly went over to the emergency stairway to see if any of the creatures were around in the southbound platform area .
he then went down the small emergency stairway into the southbound platform area .
he then decided to run back towards the platform area .
they reached the southbound platform area and tom could hear another tube coming .
they went down the stairs , round the concreted - off area , and then up again .
chapter twelve when they were both outside the fenced off area , tom asked jodie , what dyou want to do now ?
he saw that the creatures had left the signal that they needed to contact him : a red rag tied to the lower safety rail of the northbound platform area .
after he finished his shift he met the creatures again at north end in the northbound platform area .
his tube had been passing through the southbound platform area of north end and he had seen someone run through the platform area .
his tube had been passing through the southbound platform area of north end and he had seen someone run through the platform area .
they both went towards the fenced off area of the surface building , slowing down as they got to the corner before it .
you 're supposed to do that sort of thing in the passenger areas !
the townhome had two bedrooms and a kitchen dining area that lead into a large living room .
he changed his clothes and walked out to the kitchen / dining area .
this hallway was wider and he could see ahead a lighted area where there was an elevator .
he crept past the lighted area and down the hallway past the elevator .
so he took it to the copier he saw in the administrative assistant area .
the reception area and a locker room were all he found there .
there was an area with a desk and phone that looked like a nurses station .
there was an office on the first floor just off a reception area .
lily hurried down the hall between the waiting areas to find the restroom .
after collin showered and dressed he returned to the main living area .
the pick up area is right outside .
there was a parking area where a 4x4 was sitting .
there was nt anyone else around even though there was a desk in a reception area just inside the door indicating that there might be some administrative personnel assigned to the dorm .
she led me into the kitchen off the reception area and started applying dry - cleaning fluid to the back of my pants .
the two floors were connected by an internal staircase through the reception areas so i would get my daily dose of exercise by walking up the staircase , usually only once .
the entrance to the main reception was straight ahead off the elevators but the doors were still locked and the reception area was dark .
after making coffee in the main kitchen i threaded my way down the hall to the reception area to go up to the 13th floor .
i heard a voice in didricksons office and i could hear the normal bitching coming from behind the partitions where the paralegals and secretaries sat in an open area .
i walked around the partitions into the open - concept area where the four of them had their desks .
on my way to didricksons office , i glanced into the area where the secretaries and paralegals worked .
the reception area was dark and locked up tight so i turned down the hall to go in the back entrance .
the line - up at the coffee shop was out the door and vanessa grabbed a table in the smoking area while i waited in line for coffee .
thoughts of disaster ran through my mind as i walked quickly to the reception area .
i pointed constable lofaro to the closed door on the opposite side of the reception area .
harolds door was still closed as i went past and none of the legal support staff were in their area so i closeted myself in my office and lit a cigarette .
i decided to leave by the reception area , just to let everyone know i was leaving early .
chapter thirty - three it was quiet in the legal department area when i got to my office .
the meeting area on the top floor of the four seasons was empty except for a busboy laying out the food and a person who was obviously the floor captain .
jay was sitting in the waiting area and he jumped out of his chair when he saw me approaching but leech waved him off .
the interior was spacious , with twenty - foot ceilings and an area the size of a full basketball court where the party was centered .
he followed the blood drops out to the pool area .
chapter twenty : operation all in raja woke to the smell of his favorite french roast coffee brewing in the kitchen area .
chapter twenty - seven : the policeman only rings once clarice paced across the bearskin rug that covered the floor in the spacious living area of her santa barbara ranch house .
vinny took him into the area where she had her futuristic - looking computer setup .
just then , raja and vinny walked into the outer lab area .
for the most part , this area of the ship was quiet .
following a group of guests inside the main entrance , i made an effort to keep my eyes on the captains table , which was nt too far from the one i d reserved in the vip area .
he wondered , in the moment she took to glance in levant 's direction before speaking , how the woman invariably installed herself in the area of a room where the light was most favorable to her .
if we also take out the grass out of the front yard , add a parking area , a curved walkway and more planting beds , the new homeowner has a charming bungalow that s practically maintenance - free -- the convenience of a condo in a single family home .
i led him into the dining area , which was separated from the living room by a second double - wide archway .
i took lots of photos and i did some sketches of the possible planting bed configurations , the potential patio area in the back yard , and the double - car parking area out front .
i took lots of photos and i did some sketches of the possible planting bed configurations , the potential patio area in the back yard , and the double - car parking area out front .
i took him around the property , explaining where the parking area would be located and how the planting beds would work .
i took him down to the basement and showed him the laundry area and the spot where i wanted to put in a cedar closet .
her gaze touched on the opulent furnishings that filled the expansive living area , before landing on the incredible vista of the bay and the city .
you re home , jerry , relaxed and feeling pampered , entered the living area wrapped in a plush terry - cloth robe and little else .
the crowds fell behind as they rounded the section of pier 39 leading to the sea lion observation area .
he offered , guiding her to the seating area .
they then marched to an area where they were receiving instructions in hand to hand combat .
it had a little area that looked like a front porch that was about eight feet wide by twelve long .
it sat back off the street about fifteen feet and there was a covered patio type area that covered the entire front of the building , all the way to the street .
after surveying the covered area he saw there were two nice large potted beautiful green plants on the patio .
his new target was a sprawling closed camp with a lot of mobile homes and several areas used for training in hand to hand combat , firing weapons , and using explosives .
he found an area that looked like it was the place the terrorist trained in hand to hand combat on a concrete slab .
there was a six to eight foot trail the terrorist used to get to their training area .
after these two targets were set doug went to the firing range area and set the other two i.e.d.s and c-4 up so they would be ready exactly like he had done at the hand to hand combat area .
he left his mercedes parked in the parking area and took the camry to an isolated area in the woods .
there were men standing around talking in the parking area as he drove past the gate and detonated the c-4 bombs with the detonator .
the sidewalk and surrounding area was dark as he made his way slowly to the corner of the building .
each day he followed the same procedure once he got back to town of parking in the visitor parking area and waiting until dark to take off his disguise .
before he got back to his campsite , he took off his disguise and parked the car in the visitors area of the campground .
one area of the lab had been cordoned off , top security , with gun - carrying guards posted about every ten feet .
he knew the byways of that top - secret facility almost better than he knew his own living room - the gantry systems , the fueling apparatus , the clean rooms , the rocket assembly areas , the sectors where satellites were readied .
with a sigh comrade karanova eased herself gracefully onto the plush couch in the sitting area .
by the time he finished , the elevator had reached the service area in the basement .
it looked to be the command center , with a red - colored area labeled in both japanese and russian .
he 'd realized he was being moved into the soviet sector , probably the barracks and laboratory area .
the walls were still gray , but this was a new area , one she had n't yet been in .
we 're going to use those for the computers and assembly areas .
the minimal lighting in this area caused him no hesitation : he had thoroughly memorized the site .
as the three men breached the gate leading into the asphalt - paved landing area , a fusillade of automatic - weapons fire began spattering off the bubble windscreen , leaving deep dents in the clear , globelike plastic .
the renegade guard was back to shoot it out , firing from somewhere in the area of the pad .
` ` that area has an excavated space below it for the multi- cavity amplifier bay .
2:48 p.m. rais had finished retrieving the box of krytrons from the cockpit of the huey and was headed down the elevator for the area directly below and south of the launch facility , the clean room where satcom 's expensive communications satellites were going to be prepped for launch .
part of this area was connected into the network , so we could do some of the work from up here , but we always kept the larger servomechanisms on the main system , for safety reasons .
the truck that would take it from the clean room to the gantry area was standing alongside the bench .
the clean - room procedure , which they were following , involved encasing a satellite payload in a sterile plastic wrap to protect it from contamination when it was being transferred to the gantry area .
the hallway itself was now deserted , as all the satcom personnel were dutifully in their prescribed work areas .
an electronic eye opened the sealed doors leading into the gantry area .
we try it and they 'll scramble something and escort us out of the area at gunpoint .
this , pierre reflected with chagrin , is going to be our staging area , as well as our new home for a full day .
instead he let his gaze wander around the room , taking in the rows of video terminals , some with data , some with shots of the working areas , together with the lines of shell - shocked staffers .
he knew it was going to be a beehive of activity inside the tech areas now .
the area around launch control was still foggy , illuminated mainly by the lingering spotlights on two vehicles .
the area around him had become a cacophony of gasping , coughing satcom staffers , many moaning in fear , all near shock .
the area was set up like a library or bookstore , the wares on shelves , the shelves divided into sections : hardwood , metal , kosher .
all the shops and concessions locked up at curfew and only a few unfortunate travelers , stranded between flights , dotted the day lounges and waiting areas .
it was a mirror image of the library on the other side of the reception area , except the walls and trim were painted in shades of cream and the sofa , almost lost in the sea of folding chairs , was covered in chintz .
dreck nodded as the door opened onto the posh reception area of the darkwater offices .
the reception area was deserted except for a couple of salesmen with sample cases and an ernest borgnine type manning a glass - encased control center .
their tables were facing the large central area in the middle of the immense conglomerate of shops and entertainment facilities .
as soon as the police car came speeding into the car park and came to an abrupt halt on the pavement a few yards from the entrance , leaving the area with the smell of burning rubber , the old pathologist knew that his friend had heard the sad news .
i was lifted like a drunk by two guards , each with an arm under mine , and we walked to an area set up with a table and chairs .
my quarters were adequate , a converted administration building at kaidat bayrut al - jawiya , in the military area at beirut international airport .
bright lights lit up the large stage , as the wide seating area was dark .
steve shook his head and pulled the car into the parking area .
he walked back to the bullpen area carrying the cup of water and poured it into the vents on the back of the tv and it immediately shorted out .
the next day john came up the stairs and found that steve had hung up blankets around his bunk and area to keep the other inmates out of his space .
he was pretending to be washing the car wile he watched the girl pull her car forward to the drying and vacuum cleaning area .
the leather sofas in the waiting room , the networked computers in the reception area and throughout the building , the latest advancements in sonogram videography and procedures everything about the lamberth center spoke of excellence and competence .
as he passed the lobby area , he saw a tall figure bending over to empty a garbage can .
he then went directly to the bus station in a nearby town and tossed the credit card under one of the scarred wooden benches in the waiting area .
the cop waved him through the front door and the empty reception area of the clinic .
he opened the door and walked through a large reception area with two modern - looking workdesks and a more traditional receptionists desk in the center of the room .
it was separated from hamiltons work area by a seating area with a leather sofa and two leather easy chairs .
it was separated from hamiltons work area by a seating area with a leather sofa and two leather easy chairs .
when forte walked in , couples and trios of people had spread out among the tables in the candle - lit lounge area .
she was a fixture around the office now and was one of the few people with password approval to get into all areas of the shelter and fortes apartment as well .
he hung up and walked over to the seating area where he had been waiting for his flight back to new orleans .
he picked up the drink and drained it , then walked back out into the vast space of the waiting area .
freida motioned for him to stand on the deck area forward of the cabin .
a few hardscrabble regulars sat at the bar , but the pool tables and other open areas teemed with young men and women in the prime of their lives .
as i ran towards the great fence that separated the eastern area from outer buildings i recognized something that made me stop for a while .
he reached the reception area and directed himself to the desk .
the apartment contained all the things i could reach when i woke up , namely : the kitchen , a miserably small area , the bathroom , an even more miserably small area and the living room .
the apartment contained all the things i could reach when i woke up , namely : the kitchen , a miserably small area , the bathroom , an even more miserably small area and the living room .
doyle steps into the waiting area and my nurse wanders away without even saying goodbye .
this is our living area .
he leaves me to go inside and i meander with the remaining crowds around the outside area .
we were lead to a small area and held , until the woman joined us .
the mezzanine area was just how he thought it should be .
even through the blackness , the figure could almost pinpoint the source of the noise to an area in the centre of the room .
almost without pause or recognition , he made his way across the neat kitchen area , jogged over to the beautifully square belfast sink in the far work surface , and proceeded to vomit .
as joshua walked through the neat reception and into the small waiting area , the unmistakeable aroma of cigar smoke wafted round and made him feel ill .
as they walked through the kitchen into the equally depressing living area , alison caught his look and shook her head .
the living room area took up a good portion of the right side , where a balcony from the second floor overlooked about half of it .
it was hot and stuffy in the closed in area of the stairs , but there was no time to take breaks because we had to keep her climbing up .
worley entered some commands on the computer , and a circular area in the floor began to raise up slowly with a deep hum that gently vibrated the floor .
she entered the reception area and was greeted by the young asian girl at the desk .
the light that came from the thin area where the door bordered this environment indicated that perhaps there was some kind of normal environment on the other side .
he stepped through the airlock into a docking corridor , then through another doorway that led to a huge open area .
nigel traversed a long catwalk from the docking area to the main platform , moving slowly and calmly .
he had observed security cameras in this common area , and assumed some were trained on the computer kiosks and he did not want security to be able to trace him later .
the uniformed guard did nt have much to say as they rode the fast - moving elevator and stepped out to an office area crowded with various law enforcement officers and detectives from multiple u.s . and international agencies .
a u.n . guard at the office door pointed him in the right direction , and he took the stairs down six flights and followed the corridor to the west side of the building to the main it area .
just as he entered the lobby area , someone was passing through a security door into the back .
as it turns out the garage had become a storage area as time went on .
mansolini yelled over , i m gon na drive back around to the pro shop area i just waved at him to indicate okay .
this was more of a play area than his sleeping area .
this was more of a play area than his sleeping area .
i knew he would not like the fact the deputy chief was coming but he was standing in the area when i invited others .
i then heard footsteps running down the stairs from the office area .
i told the boys to go over to the pool area .
we met in the office area of the church before the ceremony .
stephanie came into the den area where we opened the present .
i soon found out these were passes to bypass the security area .
the tunnel was an area where the inmates from the jail were brought over to the courthouse for court .
he then saw jeffrey walk out two bags from his garage and office area .
just by coming in will upset them , but we will not be intrusive to their area of the house .
jeffrey , tonka , hennesey , officers matthew williamson and karl robinson went into the basement area of the house where jeffrey had his bedroom .
he left the vehicle , and then walked into the booking area where he would be printed , photographed , and prepared for his transportation to the county jail .
i sat in the front row of the spectators area .
i looked to my left and saw the door with several chairs in that area .
you walked into a small mexican courtyard where a senorita greeted you , then promptly led you to your dining area .
when we arrived at the states attorneys office we sat in the waiting area for states attorney clark or wagner to take us back to their office or a meeting room .
i asked before i left him cross the outside sitting area to the parking lot .
as this van pulled up to the gate for the secured area in which prisoners entered , the driver rang the buzzer to notify me someone was at the gate .
i was being taken out of my work area because someone felt i should nt be that close to the inmates at this time .
there s a small area in the back of the gallery with a mud room , mr . patterson said .
the living area , dining area , and kitchen were all in one massive room .
the living area , dining area , and kitchen were all in one massive room .
she saw nothing in the living area she could readily use as a weapon .
she said , backing away from him until her bottom bumped against the table in the dining area .
that left the large bay window in the living area , no doubt made of the same material as the kitchen window , and the bathroom door edward had left cocked open .
she rushed to the place where the ceramic tile of the kitchen and dining areas met the living room carpet .
here the large room shifted from dining area to living area .
here the large room shifted from dining area to living area .
she stared into the living area .
in the living area , the couch was still tilted forward , but the carpet had been smoothed back over most of the floor .
within seconds , one shell landed smack in middle of the post area , with two passing over the peak .
its chinese crew was forced to seal off most of its rear area and empty rest of the ballast tanks .
in the meanwhile both type99 tanks followed by two apcs drove up to the military hangar area .
raucous laughter could be heard in the pool area as the two men struggled to maintain their composure .
he knew something was wrong when he walked into the living room area .
he ran out of the chalet towards the reception area , frantically looking around him .
she nodded and slipped out to the reception area to get them some fanta drinks .
she quickly leaned on one of the chairs in the dining hall area , slowly allowing herself to feel the soft cushion .
by this time she was out in the sink area as her friends waited eagerly to hear what the news was .
he liked the layout with doors on either end into the kitchen area , an adequate bedroom , and furnishings that were nicely color - coordinated and comfortable .
sarah met him at the hospital reception area .
one seat was available by the window in the waiting area and adam hurried to the seat before anybody else had the opportunity to sit in it .
hello , adam said when he went into the showroom and rodney came out of the service bay area .
adam followed rodney through the service area to the back of the building .
clendon 's mind went blank as he slowly walked out of cobb 's office back toward the reception area .
businessmen trying to get their bags from late afternoon flights packed the american baggage claim area .
in a far back corner of the cemetery , they found a dark area along the fence , which was eight feet high , made of wrought iron , had metal bars six inches apart , and was painted black .
you know , corrado , he said as he looked absently from one area to another , i can accept the fact that andrews is so good a forger that he is able to defeat my program when he reproduces the work of any particular painter .
during the days that followed , johanne and lars enjoyed themselves in the bars in the dock areas , teaming up with other dutch seaman .
the open space of the nave was divided into two : a working area of tables and benches for the conservationists cordoned off by red ropes , and a public area behind for viewing .
the open space of the nave was divided into two : a working area of tables and benches for the conservationists cordoned off by red ropes , and a public area behind for viewing .
stefano had been on the outside deck of the tourist - class area but on the insistence of the stewards , who were making sure everybody was safely inside , he was making his way towards a door on a slippery port side walkway , when above the noise of the waves , he heard a commotion from the bow .
they reached the car and ced carefully stowed the package of paintings on a pile of blankets in the luggage area .
as well as buying works for my personal collection , i also want to adorn the reception areas of my company with something special instead of the bland derivative stuff that the so - called interior designers foist on us .
ced climbed into the luggage area of the hatchback and young shut the tailgate .
the door appeared to open into the kitchen area and he could see a light in that room , too .
in that area , he saw a fireplace , some overstuffed chairs , a few extremely dusty tables , a sewing basket , and a rocking chair .
the closet contained an area devoted to womens dresses and accessories none of which was out of place .
no light fixtures had ever been installed in the storage area but they did a fairly extensive search with the flashlights .
various other cabinets were located in different areas of the school and ed had studied the blueprints carefully before making his bid .
they had live music and had cleared an area in the middle of the restaurant to serve as a dance floor .
they had boxed up all of uncle cliff and aunt lorraines clothes and things from the drawers and closet and put them in the storage area on the third floor .
they eventually came to a grand room that was surely the living area .
she was nt in the living area nor the front porch .
if the british have tea time , post - three - pm was coffee and bullshit time in the few booths in the grill area .
breakfast was the dennys in town , but after returning to the camp he decided to shave in the bathroom and shower area on the backside of the camp office .
in fact , there was nt a lot of room in that area , and based on what was found there our best guess as to its purpose is that it was a look - out room .
and the rain outside was damping his desire to stick around the four corners area anyway .
the area appeared to have been re - framed correctly as there were heavy beams added to the remaining rafters , but some of the drywall , particularly the ceiling had nt been done and there were various jagged edges and shapes to the framing behind the walls shown by the one lamp daniel had placed up there .
then , peaking around the inside corner wall of the dormer area , rachel could see steam rise through the stairway hole .
but the grout in some areas and one of the cabinets that stood a little too closely to where ricky tried his last practice bonfire would never look quite right .
frank walked over to a corridor , where pastel curtains divided the wide space into small examination areas .
common areas like kitchen and toilet were not to be entered without appropriate layers of clothing during the winter months .
her own set was housed in a quaint old terrace in the main area , where at least there was a little square that was neat and had some growing things in the miniature park that it surrounded .
it was an area that was effectively sealed off from the works , where you had no sense of being in a factory that made things .
he pushed the washer into the area he d vacated , using the considerable bulk of his person .
next would be the water play area ; he knew that .
the changing area gets a bit busy later .
if he notices you are gone and gets upset jeff can bring him in to the changing area .
inside was a grey , dusty reception area and no air - con .
only one points at the area behind the counter .
going through passport control with his united nations laissez - faire , which allows him to travel to any country on official united nations missions , manjak heads down to the terminal 4 baggage claims area .
in the long , gleaming corridors of the facility , walter leads the usda team through a series of parallel corridors filled with adjacent meeting rooms , it service areas , server storage areas , and more meeting rooms .
in the long , gleaming corridors of the facility , walter leads the usda team through a series of parallel corridors filled with adjacent meeting rooms , it service areas , server storage areas , and more meeting rooms .
as the delegates swarm out of the arena to call their governments , discuss the issue with their colleagues , or merely go the bathroom , the area outside the general assembly hall is crowded with pinstripe suited people from all the corners of the globe .
johnny took it immediately to ramon and suggested that he take it into his room and read it since it said it was urgent.-ramon did as johnny suggested and the letter said : dear ramon , -- -i hope this finds you well , son , but we are much worried for you.-today is the twenty - fifth of february and yesterday a man who did not look like a nice man came here and asked if we know where you are.-of course , we told him we did not know.-he even tried telling us you had some money coming to you if he was able to find you , but we still told him nothing.-he said you and he had both worked for a man named jorge something and that he needed to find you very badly.-son , i do so hope you are not in any trouble but as i said the man who inquired for you did not look trustworthy.-i wanted you to be warned , ramon.-be careful and come back to us safely.-we love you , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- mamacita tears swam in ramons eyes as he finished reading the letter.-if jorge was asking his parents about him , then ramon had probably already seen his mamacita for the last time.-ramon had hoped that jorge and the rest of his thugs were looking elsewhere but if he was determined to find him , he probably would.-what was he to do ? -the oreillys had surely been good to him and he hated to leave them.-however , he had been there close to a year , now , so he had probably stayed in one place too long already.-he knew they needed his help , but he felt the urgency to move on and not stick around until jorge did find him.-he was still in deep thought as to what he should tell ed and johnny when he came back out the door.-he put on his sombrero as he came out and headed across the yard.-when he came in sight of the work area , there they weretwo of the gang that worked for jorge : -garcia and norton.-he ducked back inside the shell of the house and picked up a hammer and began to pound nails.-he was nt sure if they had seen him or not but now he knew they were in the area and they were looking for him ; of that he was positive .
with all the exits covered securely now , almost two dozen agents headed for the elevator and the stairs.-they converged on the third floor and headed toward the back of the building and the drug operation 's main office.-six more men came up on the elevator and went toward the area where pablo had indicated the arms cache was located and they secured that area .
with all the exits covered securely now , almost two dozen agents headed for the elevator and the stairs.-they converged on the third floor and headed toward the back of the building and the drug operation 's main office.-six more men came up on the elevator and went toward the area where pablo had indicated the arms cache was located and they secured that area .
he lit it , took a long drag from the tip , then blew smoke into the already murky area .
her face glowed with a vigor brought on by her sunrise jog around las more private areas .
he spun his chair and headed toward a sitting area outlined by three sleek , black leather couches .
there are cameras , though , so try to keep your head down until we get out of the arrival area .
the nursery smelt of new carpet and paint , and had large windows overlooking an outdoor play area filled with little tricycles .
its six oil boilers pumped and spewed hot vented air to the cells , corridors and general open areas , and hot water to the showers , kitchens and laundry area , which was adjacent .
its six oil boilers pumped and spewed hot vented air to the cells , corridors and general open areas , and hot water to the showers , kitchens and laundry area , which was adjacent .
they were away from the main bar and restaurant area , but obviously still not far enough , thought nel - m. and there was still a thread of uncertainty holding raoul back .
rodriguez had never been much for muscle training and category a prisoners were nt allowed to work the open ranch , so the only common area where he found a quiet corner was the showers .
librevilles corridors and shower rooms or even open areas with the right distraction , like the canteen or tv room were going to be far more dangerous places from here on in .
the area was split up into four rooms : a waiting room , an office , a bedroom with a gigantic circular bed and another room with a heavy locked door .
exercise and surfing the net was not simple but i did develop a basic work area where my computer and desk were strapped to me and i could keep my legs active on the spot .
we found ourselves back in the cargo area with the zandith crockmior .
as we left the spacious area and climbed down a dimly lit organic corridor , we passed about ten ornocks swim - walking through the fluctuating gravity .
she told her hypnotically , you will wait for us to go to the cargo area and then you will allow us to leave this vorogon and you will not leave until you have witnessed us fly into the blue swirl of genation .
gastonish approached the closed portal of the cargo area .
each species was kept separate and enclosed within the twelve smaller chambers which surrounded the base of the spacious main inner area of the crystal lit cave where the cocoon for the life - boat stood tall and ominous .
in most cases , the island folk found the new paths and sitting areas in places where it was too steep , over grown , rocky or otherwise unusable .
once the logs are taken to the landing area , the bucker , you , cuts the logs to lengths .
also attached to this portable camp is the power house generator , and the cook house , which includes an eating area .
the rest are all sleep areas , everyone will refer to them as cabins .
at the private bald spot on top of the mountain , i began setting up my telescope and arranging a small picnic area on a blanket .
the area around the generator was dark , hot and loud .
on occasion , grizz would climb up onto the roof and with the use of his advanced sling - shot he targeted several structures in the outlining area .
i saw the smoking ruins of a large damaged area of liberty town at the outskirts of metro city and i suspected , grizz had something to do with it .
the sophisticated foot soldiers started their search from the monstrous bullet shaped vehicle and fanned out across the wreckage area .
despite all of the dust which still hung heavy in the air , they covered about half of the hot and charred area .
in the center of the personnel area grizz took interest in a long wide cylindrical gunner station .
within the chambers and hallways of restricted areas throughout the mountain of the island itself , automated rifles with hours of ammunition dropped from the ceilings and pointed at those within .
closed garage ports encircled the landing area .
i did not want him within arms reach of my work area .
in a sneaky manner , i kicked out the lights near and around the janitorial area .
stepping onto the lift , they examined the messy clutter of artifacts spread out all over the area .
the spooky dark hall led us out to a terrace which over looked a huge warehouse - like area .
the humans had a surgical area where they studied and tested treatments for human illnesses and injuries but mainly it was the area where they surgically attached the mind controlling devices .
i noticed an area dedicated to trying to create female cloned volks .
i saw commander bruno lick his lips nervously as his eyes swept up through the deep spacious cylindrical lift area .
examining the alien machinery that lined the walls of the cargo area , grizz noticed the heads of beings looking down at him from distant windows high above .
the morguldean carried eddy through the open door and down a passage which led them to a strange alien eating area .
jupacious took his place at his throne which was actually a glorified con - cave area built into the steep menacing wall .
from their specially designed thrones they could equally charge - up , and empower galordians who occupied the palace area of protalentus .
* * * spooky , dressed in the clothing of the man they had sedated in their suite , walked brazenly into the ships lower - deck service area , a place the paying customers would never see .
to one side was another screen hooked up to the security system that covered the entire property including the wooded areas , this included cameras for the main areas plus motion detectors and heat sensors covering those accesses to the farm with heavy cover .
chapter 25 the beechcraft kissed the runway at aurora international airport to the south of guatemala city with barely a bump and taxied over to the charter area of the airport .
simple really , he 'd found the plan in terry 's desk in an office to be converted into a reception area , lucky in retrospect .
as whisper was contemplating the latest orders received , agent 5d walked out of the customs area .
a stove was smoldering near the dining area where an empty plate stood next to a half - full glass .
after a while he stopped and pointed to an area on the north corner of the house .
back out in the reception area , the manicurist and her client stared at us as we passed .
i sat up on the cargo area 's floor .
wheelan turned away and crossed the patio area back to the kitchen .
i chucked another gasoline bomb over the seating area just for fun .
then i tossed the keys to the driver and pointed with my semi - automatic to the cargo area of the van .
outside some families dodged the rain under the parasols and a few hardy kids made the best of the small play area .
we were heading into a dangerous position , the toys were in the corner by the outdoor living area and the whole place was wide open .
if we could get across the main alley we could run through the rear of the area , the problem was the main alleyway was about as safe as the far end of a shooting range .
` ` i m sorry jim , i am so sorry '' i said , stunned even though it was nt the first body i had seen that day ` ` we 're gon na get these bastards back '' without a word jim stood up and took off running toward the outdoor area 's doors .
` ` we ' ve secured the front entrance and the outdoor area , we ' ve got a lift to blockade the doors .
i want you all to try and get to the outdoor living area , we are setting up back there .
i 'll have some of these kids head over to the pharmacy area and see what they can find .
they had found a small dorm area , the guides must have lived here part of the year .
there was probably more space in the quarters than the actual observatory area .
the only major difference between the observatory 's admin area and a drab office building was the skylights .
i 'd have to see if there were any extra hiking boots in the dorm areas .
i demanded of liz and jesse who were cooking in the commons area .
along the edge of the broad surfaced area that fronted the bar was an open kitchen , with some tables and beyond that a grassy area of open space .
they found that seating had been laid out for them on either side of the wooden deck , facing an empty central area .
this area here , the architect waved his hands to encompass a vast area of flooring , is for the anchor store , which will have the same area on all three floors .
this area here , the architect waved his hands to encompass a vast area of flooring , is for the anchor store , which will have the same area on all three floors .
the load area was empty .
they stood by the bus terminus , and watched vehicles coming up the road to the waiting area for boarding .
the ship had now finished loading vehicles , and the lounge area was more than half full , a few people waiting for the bar to open .
when they reached the lobby area , they parted ned continuing down to the car deck , and miller joining the queue for disembarking foot passengers .
an escalator led up to the security area for departures .
i just came into the main area , when guess who i saw , friend murphy , i believe you know him .
he realized that the pub area was a walk , back the way he d come .
sitting in the arrival area of terminal 2 at los angeles international airport , i was waiting for a ride that was over an hour late .
scott had me follow him into an area of his country house that had been formerly off limits .
we entered the building and one of the senior students greeted us and led us to the private area in back .
the girls had gone shopping and shannon told me to move my belongings out of her room and downstairs into the den area while they were away .
i turned and exited the pool area .
i took off my helmet along with the rest of the equipment , dressed into my street clothes , and then carried the gear over to the storage area .
this area would provide me more room to maneuver .
after escorting me out of the car , my handcuffs were removed and i was led to an internment area .
i arrived 20 minutes later , and i decided to park in an area that was out of sight .
i attacked him at an angle that forced him to retreat into an area where the tiled floor was covered in a soft , thin layer of brick dust .
otsana simply started walking toward the offsite area , where they discussed matters .
beth saw her sister , joy as soon as she reached the baggage claim area .
they had a large kitchen with all the modern appliance , and off of the kitchen was the dining area with a huge table made from whole pine branches , at least that s what it looked like .
cold drinks in hand , they opened the sliding glass doors off the dining area and stepped out onto another deck .
beth walked out the sliding glass doors off of the dining area and walked around the hot tub .
i noticed the person broke the lock on the sliding glass door off of the kitchen area .
its the largest room and it has the sitting area off to the side with a sofa sleeper so there s room for all three of us to sleep .
a forty - foot square reception area , it was two - thirds full with doctors , researchers only half of which were from the isg and the main people delatois biannual round - up speech was aimed at : isg stockholders and a sprinkling of scientific journalists .
the servants bedrooms had been built above the kastenmeiers six - car garage , which afforded all of their employees easy access into the kitchen , pantry , and basement areas .
she was annoyed because the water had spilled in an area shed already finished , but she did nt mention it .
* * * * * * * * * * when elaine went into the reception area , katerina waltke was at her desk but she was standing .
elaine left the office and went through the reception area .
after rushing through the reception area , she knocked on his door .
carls office area was off limits , eliminating five rooms from the tally , and that was all right by her .
gilt mirrors and gleaming gold wall sconces were abundant , smartly highlighting the tiled areas and matching dado , and the richly colored wallpaper .
there was even a gray marble fireplace near a sitting area in the spacious room .
chapter thirty - nine detective connery had the decency to wait until the area had cleared before he proceeded to embarrass the hell out of elaine .
which means the killer left by climbing out of this window , and the cameras did nt record it because this area is nt accessible to any of them .
it seemed like we walked a damn country mile to get to the outside pool area where the congressman was .
as the lights from the car illuminated the empty parking area , she took a deep breath and drove out of the parking tower , into the night .
the house is ideal for such an arrangement , being that the bottom floor can be accessed without stepping foot into norrahs living area .
they met in the reception area and shook hands .
i cut over a patch of grass toward the sandy playground area , stopped short of the monkey bars .
still , it was a reasonable scenario , so he let it stand and looked around the garage area to the single path leading up into the secluded wooded hills beyond .
it looked more like an outdated dmv building than a receiving area for those that died under mysterious circumstances .
i m going to take that as a yes , but jessica eli took his drink , led her to a more secluded area .
an improvised rack of freshly pressed housekeeping uniforms gobbled up what little space was left , temporary residents while their usual storage area underwent renovations .
wait a minute past a west broadway area , jessica continued , on a roll .
just beyond that lay the outdoor dining area , where the faces of the remaining restaurant staffers had gathered to see what the storm had blown their way .
directly behind us was a small seating area , two black arm chairs and a matching couch .
when the doors opened , haydon dragged me out by my cuffs into the reception area immediately in front of us .
he led me past the cushy beige couches in the reception area before us towards the strong smell of varnish .
he takes a seat at a table in the far left corner of the dining area facing the door and waits , tapping his foot to spanish music blaring out of several speakers around the room .
after ten minutes of sitting on the black hard plastic chair , the elevator opened and my old guard , mathers , entered the reception area .
we entered the cafeteria and i headed straight to the service area , picked up a tray and proceeded to select my lunch from the display .
i made a ninety - degree turn to the right and headed straight until i reached the brown and cream reception area .
i could see the big glass double doors across the reception area that led to the outside .
in front of them was the waiting area with about twenty chairs , half of them occupied and in front of them , right up against the wall was the thin , long wooden reception desk .
immediately , oconnell is confronted by loud hispanic beats blaring out of small speakers spaced out along the walls of the dining area .
when we entered the visiting room reception area i noticed the same guard was on duty again .
i stared , motioning my hand around the reception area .
i turned into the dining area where i was bombarded with loud music and laughing patrons .
a thick beam of moonlight shining through a window on their far left illuminates the reception area outside dr fullers office .
the words creep out of jennifers mouth at a higher frequency , she glances around the still reception area .
he continues to pull her away with him towards the elevator at the back of the reception area .
the four of them reach the end of the corridor and turn , heading towards the reception area .
they arrive at the reception desk , the area is deserted .
he looked over the fern planters into the breakfast area , and saw wilton and jenny lu .
his apartment was more or less a staging area to exchange a suitcase full of clean laundry with the product of the last trip .
he made an exception today , at least as far as standing in the glassed - in observation area , which overlooked the floor .
wilton asked her to give him twenty minutes and to meet him in the breakfast area .
tom had his desk , a separate sitting area , and an elegant conference table set for eight .
he would look for any signs of tampering , but first thing monday the work area would need to be secured by eight - foot fencing and security , at least until there were around - the - clock work crews and supervision on site .
a few scrapers to carve an access road and a staging area , should nt take more than a day .
bob could hear tom greeting him out in the executive reception area , but thought it wise to remain in his own office until and unless he was invited into toms office .
it was a brisk half - jog , half - walk as bob made his way down countless corridors and people - movers , through pneumatically controlled sliding glass doors , and into the line for the secure waiting area and passport control .
the line waiting to enter into the secured area began surging forward towards the vastly outnumbered security agents who nevertheless held their ground , not permitting entry .
he saw a long , draped table that crossed over between the secured and non - secured areas .
a security agent turned and saw him , grabbing him by the shoulder and ushering him further into the secured area .
quickly complying bob nodded his head vigorously , leaving the security transition area and entering the cleared area of the terminal , a band of security agents now standing between him and the panic in the outer terminal .
bob walked into the reception area and made like he was examining some papers at kikos desk , in case he had to run interference when nicholas went into toms office .
chapter eighteen alyson fluke walked out the french doors and across the patio to the elaborate pool area where her father alan was sunning himself at poolside .
while ernie walked closer to the front entrance , he came upon the motorcycle parking area .
ernie walked through the large office area that housed engineers and management .
kenny was not allowed to tell everybody the exact reason , so rumors started circulating around the office area .
ernie walked over and peeked inside the storage area .
i believe he s in the service area , a mans voice said from behind ernie .
ernie walked away and headed toward the door that led to the service area .
ernie entered the service area where three mechanics serviced some older chevys .
he scanned the area over and saw jesse in the corner .
ernie looked inside the storage area .
okay boy , go sweep out the service area .
jesse rushed through the showroom area then headed straight to billy watsons office .
matt nodded at wilma then he looked back at the store area .
he opened the door on the top of the front end and peeked inside the storage area .
he got up and headed over to the time machine and removed the tarp away from the cabin area .
erica screamed out from the bedroom area .
it contained an office area with two desks and down the hallway ; there were two jail cells , of which inside one of them housed jesse .
she turned around and walked back toward the office area that had two desks .
at the plant , ernie walked through the office area in deep thought about the past events .
erica cried out from another area of the house .
in no more than a half dozen strides he had passed through the shabby reception area , peering over a counter at a desk chair with a year 's accumulation of dust on it .
inside the office it was very tidy , with the drawing room converted into a reception area .
pat walked into the reception area with his new story ready .
he set up his stepladder under the window he 'd unlatched and was able to lift a knee up onto the wide ledge after looking through and seeing the reception area was vacant .
he walked down the stairs to the casino entrance and , once inside , past the slot machines , the customer assist windows , the box office , the high limit area , and the table games then up the escalator to the poker room .
table 28 was in an area slightly raised with brass railings to separate it from the rest of the floor .
not far from where he was standing he saw an elevated area enclosed behind a light wood and opaque glass divider .
if we get it up to the parking area and change the tire there you ll be good for as long you want to be here .
it was a few minutes before 11 am when frank salucci and bobby greco pulled into the parking area of the rainbow gathering .
we sat just behind them at a table set on a slightly raised platform that supported about a dozen other tables as well and had a low metal railing around it to set the area off from the stage - side tables .
we chose a taverna that theo remembered as having good pastitsio and we found a table for two in the rear , against a wall decorated with several brass and copper cooking utensils and close to the cooking area .
an outdoor festival area had been added .
the drivers could be seen gathered in the waiting area out of the heat , drinking coffee while they waited for their cars .
they had walked the entire arrival and departure areas , spent some time watching the taxis and shuttle busses come and go , and eyeballed the rental car area .
they had walked the entire arrival and departure areas , spent some time watching the taxis and shuttle busses come and go , and eyeballed the rental car area .
from the area he gathered a pair of saw horses and several sheets of drywall .
the flue was opened and sam eyeballed the arrangement carefully before returning to the living area .
the two vans were gray in color with some lighter areas where the company name had been , plain and simple work vans .
a large bed dominated the room with a small seating area in front of the window .
he proceeded through the servers area until he came to the stairwell leading to the laundry facilities .
* * * jack tried to look inconspicuous as he strolled through the dining area of the hotel .
he pushed his way through the double stainless steel doors into the kitchen area .
he weighed it against all the time he had lost on the stairs and in the dining area .
be ready to exit as soon as you clear the dc area , he coached himself as he waited .
a wire tunnel stretched across the open area to the next building , constructed with heavy gauge fencing topped with a razor wire crown .
i m told that the sections destroyed housed the main offices and work areas of the embassy .
by the time the dessert had been devoured , half of the care home , including myself , don , jason and penelope , were fast asleep with the sound of music blaring in the background from the two tvs in the main area .
we popped our heads into the staff office , which was in the main living room area , but there was no sign of anyone .
i eventually entered the main living room area and produced a smile .
i would sometimes go back to my room for a little lie down for half an hour then returned back to the main living room area of the establishment .
when i got to the area where the bay window was , i noticed that all the gang were there and one solitary red leather chair was waiting for its sixty - nine - year - old master .
we were n't a fickle bunch , and we did n't have our ' own ' chair the way a lot of people did , we sat wherever there was a seat available , but due to habit everyone pretty much sat in the same chairs , the area by the bay window was ours .
we had claimed that area of the main living room , but only unofficially .
larry evans had walked into the reception area and the whole of the living room watched his every move as he signed himself in and began to walk towards the staff room .
he came into the main living room area and introduced himself to some of the residents .
when she entered the building , she walked past the reception area , and kept on looking straight ahead , her eyes refusing to look at anyone .
chapter eleven the pines was one of those places where they did family meals and had a lounge area for where they served those particular meals .
there was also a bar area where people would drink , and drink only .
when we entered the bar area we were pleased that the pub was relatively empty , although the lounge sounded like it was doing a roaring trade .
we arrived back at misty falls at around ten and entered the reception area where only four residents were sitting in the main living room .
in the living room area ?
i have my lunch and evening meals in the living room area most of the time .
once i got dressed , i decided to go down to the main living room area .
once i entered the area , i found that our little space was unoccupied and that there was six empty red seats sat facing the large bay window .
even when having a laugh with my friends in the main living room area , i would find myself turning around to see if he was about and to make sure that he did n't think we were laughing at him .
once he finished scanning the corridor area , a slight , but noticeable smirk appeared on his stupid face .
everyone could see him waiting in the reception area , and we could all sense that something bad had happened , so we were all reluctant to be the first individual to enter the establishment and hear what he had to say .
we sat around in the living room area and some of us peered out of the bay window , watching the traffic going by .
everyday , papers would be brought into the living room area and the handful of residents would fight over them , not literally of course , but it still was n't worth the hassle of reading a paper to feel dozens of eyes glaring at you , and waiting for you to finish so they could grab it and fight over it a like a pack of wolves over a lamb .
i scanned over the area where we usually sat , the five red seats sat empty .
she barged past me and i could hear her sniffling as her shoes clip - clopped their way back to the main living room area .
we sat in the lounge area of the pines , and was pleased that it was relatively quiet .
hopper was early for his afternoon shift and stormed through the reception area to get to the staff room .
it would have been quicker for him if he walked past don and i and went down the stairs to the living room area that way , but he looked a little fearful and decided not to risk it .
we had decided to have breakfast in our rooms , as normal , and then we met each other in the reception area near the main living room .
after my tea and toast , i decided to leave my room and progress to the main living room area to see if any of my friends were there .
i left the living room area and went past the kiosk area , which was closed .
i left the living room area and went past the kiosk area , which was closed .
jason and don spotted grace and penelope in the main living room area once we got to the reception , while i had decided to chance my luck at the kiosk for a coffee .
a small crowd of us were standing outside the reception area .
leaving the crematorium , we went into the garden area where the wreaths and flowers were carefully placed .
and so it was that i found myself out of the heat of the midmorning sun , sat in the lobby area of the hotel .
my reading was interrupted at this point , however , by a most succulent smell drifting over from the poolside area where a barbeque was declaring to all who cared to notice that lunch was ready to be served .
making much better progress on foot , we headed for the area set up for the public to view the winning drivers and as we got there it was just being announced over the tannoys that the few competitors who were still out had officially retired , so the prize giving would now take place .
multicoloured stalls sold every sort of product imaginable and were set out in a crude , rectangular arrangement around the main display area , where currently performing was a group of tribal zulu dancers from the winner , mr . donalds , country of origin .
you see , the waitress patrolled the breakfast area like a shark , with a huge pot of coffee that smelt as strong as hot tar in one hand and a jug of cream in the other , permanently on the look out for refills .
geeza laughed out loud when i informed him of my elaborate cover story , but went a bit far i thought , forming his hands into the shape of a camera lens and moving about the dining area supposedly getting angles .
all four persons were located on the ground floor in the garage area .
they went up the steps and through the revolving door on the right and into an imposing large dining area .
near the center of the dining area was a long reading table , and at the far end next to the window a large grand piano .
he looked around the waiting area for the umpteenth time , but did not spot anything new this time around .
those areas had been tagged with graffiti a number of times , and battersea council had chosen to focus their funds on preventing desecration rather than providing blanket coverage .
instead he ventured into the cramped living areas of the apartment to execute the search warrant .
shed chosen this particular table because she could see anyone coming in or leaving , and also she could cover the whole bar area in case of danger .
sue fell in behind cen as he set off , twisting and turning through the overcrowded built - up area .
the whole first aid area went quiet .
and while they are there i will have my men search the work areas .
lisa handed the inspector their tickets and they were out into the stations main area .
matt scanned the open area again then slipped into the office .
people were now flowing in and taking their seats , and the bar area was filling just as fast .
jono moved up to the bar area and stood ten feet from oilly driscoll .
the three large , black marble steps led to two revolving doors which took them to the reception area .
angie paused a moment , and then locked her bicycle in the caged storage area near most train stations .
preston guessed that was the kitchen and dining area .
a workman suddenly stepped out and , with a very big smile , guided them inside the work area .
much as he did nt like losing sight of her , he agreed to wait in a small open area nearby with a couple of benches .
they eventually found open seats at a table in one of the side dining areas opened to accommodate the crowd .
she and preston had been sitting back near the far corner of the little overflow dining area and the woman walked past the opening in the main area .
she and preston had been sitting back near the far corner of the little overflow dining area and the woman walked past the opening in the main area .
on the inside , they had a heavy wire cage wall separating the front seats from the passenger area .
early in that week , though , preston struck an acquaintance with a k - mar sergeant he saw coming out of the firing range area .
the vans rolled into the parking area in front ; the sergeant knocked on the door .
preston and angie crossed the open area to watch where the limo went .
the limos came into view just seconds later , heading down the drive to the citadel parking area .
the bus turned right onto the main route and chugged up a slight incline , stopping to let them off next to a large parking area .
i sat down at a barstool in front of the kitchen bar that separated the kitchen from the living area .
as we passed the brighton area on i-270 , i began to notice cars slowing down in front of me .
she always stood just beyond the covered porch area and watched him greet their two sons , before he walked towards the door and gave her a kiss on his way through the doorway .
they were now in one of the industrial areas requiring attention and renovation , or simply a wrecking ball and a few sticks of dynamite .
from his new vantage point he could see in his rear - view mirror the side road leading to a larger concrete area that served as a car park .
jake closed the drawer and stepped out of the office into the conference area and looked over the blackboard again .
most such industrial areas were not occupied at this hour of the day , and did not employ any kind of twenty four hour security .
you could in fact see one from the other , looking across the outdoor market area , which doubled as a car park for every day but monday and saturday .
on closer inspection , jake discovered that there were usually two bollards at the entrance to the pedestrian area , but for whatever reason they had been removed .
above the ground floor was a small red tiled roof that acted as a porch area across the front of each house .
he was facing away from the area that had once been home to metroland , one of the largest indoor theme parks in the country .
he did not park directly outside the arnold house as he had done the previous day , but was farther down the street in a turning area , still close enough to see most of what was happening inside the house , and everything outside of it .
he then walks out of the room , into the dining area .
the main area is mostly empty , an officer at the front and another at his desk ; their computers blink twice as well , then turn black .
the locations always have an open first - floor area ; some are apartments , others are just empty floors .
team one finds the area empty while team two finds someone sleeping on the floor .
team three finds one person awake but disoriented from the charges used to blow the lock and hinges on the front door ; travis and the mercenaries fire a series of rubber bullets and the person drops in pain ; they zip tie their hands behind their back and their feet together before moving to locate the entrance to the downstairs area .
myself and one of the burly mercenaries enter last while the other remains flush against the outside wallboom boomand both of us are fired upon and hit , the gun blasts echoing through the small apartment ; behind and over us , the two men spray a hail of rubber bullets and litter the enclosed area inside , blowing shallow holes in the walls and causing the lights and outlets to explode sparks .
after the two suited gunmen are strapped with zip ties , we search for the door leading into the downstairs area .
the rest of the concrete area is empty but for a pantry full of canned and packaged food , and two cots side - by - side , four feet apart , between the wall and the cages .
fully nude women walk around the dark back area , one with velvet couches sectioned to keep wandering eyes off each individual section .
the swings , see - saw and roundabout a rusting no - go area now , spiked metal gates secured with a chain and padlock with a notice , a stern warning from the town clerk , that the play area failed to conform with eu health and safety regulations .
the swings , see - saw and roundabout a rusting no - go area now , spiked metal gates secured with a chain and padlock with a notice , a stern warning from the town clerk , that the play area failed to conform with eu health and safety regulations .
we can not be seen loitering in the channel , it is a through route for many other vessels , and would raise concerns about us , particularly given the proximity of our target area . ''
alison sobbed out loud , turned away quickly ushering her little girl towards a play area provided , watched over by a stern attendant .
there was a central reception - cum - entertainment area , with the usual selection of restaurants , bars and sports facilities offered by motels in the price range .
on the ground floor the station has an outer and an inner section , jena would have needed to get past the inner sanctum to reach me , while my girls were waiting in the outer area .
a long , much scuffed , wooden desk traversed the back area of the main station floor .
a work area -- teaming with officers attending to the general bureaucracy of crime -- lay behind it .
on the left , in an open plan layout with a patio , was a restaurant and take - away area .
how the hell did they manage to pull this off , you know , actually get a device into a secured area with personnel trained to prevent exactly that sort of thing from happening ? ''
i ' ve still got ear 's like a bat frank , '' he bragged , stepping aside to let me into the cheerful well lit hallway , which led straight into a lounging area complete with glass doors thrown wide to a paved patio with pool .
jack followed me into his entertainment area giving me first option at his selection of comfortable chairs .
in the reception area with its stylish white couch , i screwed off the phone mouthpiece and added a useful , if somewhat old fashioned , listening device .
` ` most of the labs we supply have only one central distribution area , crimeen is an exception in many ways as well as this , '' he had attempted to explain the layout to me quickly and sensibly .
a storage area between the animal holds and the lab , seemed to be the area where newly made batches of drugs awaited delivery ; this i supposed made sense , since the goods could be dispatched while others were accepted using one outlet .
a storage area between the animal holds and the lab , seemed to be the area where newly made batches of drugs awaited delivery ; this i supposed made sense , since the goods could be dispatched while others were accepted using one outlet .
he had been instructed to come in on the pretext of having left his mobile phone on one of the short concrete pillars which surrounded the parking area from the units ; time was not yet up , so i decided to investigated the staff locker room that lay to the left of the lab .
an ambiance of quiet restfulness hung over the area like a protective veil , it 's pitch in perfect balance with nature ; not , in the least , a space you would expect to find a gangster living in .
james ' office at the top of the stairs , lay behind a broad comfortable reception area .
we were in the waiting area in under an hour .
the agency had done their work well , showing locations of guards , surveillance cameras , and special access only areas .
after exiting this bus , he continued , you will follow me over to the reception area .
quietly and somewhat hesitatingly , the passengers filed off the bus and entered a back door to the reception area .
they were waiting in the chairs in the reception area .
the ground floor of the barracks was actually a semi - open area , a large cement courtyard in the middle with laundry rooms on one end and the company offices on the other .
they could make phone calls , do laundry and even sleep , as long as they stayed in the barracks area .
she had agreed to meet amy at eight in the reception area of the hyatt .
they followed charlie into the shower area .
the women had spent the entire night scrubbing and cleaning the sleeping bay and bathroom area .
she sighed and began to look for signs to the baggage pick - up area .
they finally reached the baggage claim area and found the carousel with the luggage from jos flight .
amy nodded as she shut the door and walked back to the living area .
clare followed clench out to the siding area .
i felt even worse when i walked my client sarah up to the reception area and discovered that a beautiful bouquet had been delivered .
after hobbling up and down the lobby area , i finally located marshall at the shoe counter .
against the far wall of the living area , a half - log staircase rose to a loft , which spanned the back half of the tiny house .
after the meeting rhonda needed to talk to a friend of hers for a minute , so by the time we got out to the lobby area , it was a man - free zone .
the back of my neck prickled as soon as i entered the lobby area .
after navigating the dining area and the menu , i settled down some .
i found myself on a loft landing looking down into a familiar , rustic living area .
my heart trip - hammered erratically as i tiptoed across the reception area to the dark file room .
the lights had been turned off in preparation of closing , and i assumed mary kate was using the bathroom adjoining the lobby area .
i avoided marshall , skirting the reception area if i heard his voice and scooting past his open office door with head down , face buried in reports .
the warrant covered my apartment , my office and related common areas of the clinic , and my car .
i searched the car , the glove box , the trunk , and the surrounding areas for the murder weapon , but i did not touch the baggie .
about 3:00 , i heard marshall out in the front area .
further exploration of the cabin uncovered a small laundry area .
i ran out of the lunch area as quickly as my legs would carry me .
that was when i saw the officer standing distressfully in the dining area .
after walking through the main area , he went to the second floor offices and dropped his coat off in his chair .
mcbride stepped into the two - room suite that was divided between sleeping and lounge areas .
gloria had said to meet him in the bar area at 9:00 , about half an hour before their dinner reservations .
when they entered the dining area , the man at the door winked at her and then let them through without checking the reservation book .
at that point , the lights began to dim in the dining area , and the band started another number .
herman took a long satisfying drink of the beer and sat down in one of the two chairs in the living area of the apartment .
eddie stood up and walked over to the small metal sink in the kitchen area of the apartment .
as soon as they entered the office area , everyone working there turned around and looked at the two of them .
nelson joined the other men in the sitting area , leaving charlie and eddie at the table .
carl went back to the sitting area and eddie and charlie finished their dinner in silence .
nelson gave eddie a shove towards the counter opening that led him to the office area .
in the four divergent tunnels being dug around the dam area , men were being hauled out with carbon monoxide poisoning .
arriving in the unkempt street in the heart of the student area , there was an eerie quiet feeling , like an empty battlefield after the troops had withdrawn too regroup .
he went to the edge of the paved area and took a deep breath before climbing over the railing ; he felt the wind gust coldly around his body , penetrating the layers of his expensive but useless feather down jacket .
jogging up to the front door of the central police station on great king street , last weeks shirt found on the floor , slightly damp with perspiration , bridger entered the spacious foyer area .
jonas turned with a flourish and swept into the hall area clapping his hands .
jonas turned into the wharf area surrounded by large warehouse buildings , beth could see the forsyth barr stadium all lit up over towards the marina .
the officer showed bridger through to the female cell area ; he opened the heavy door and saw beth curled up in a ball on the concrete floor beside the bed .
` ` but we do n't have a clue where it is , apart from in the wharf area '' .
however , he did get the sense they were nearing the wharf area where beth had said his building was .
it took a couple of minutes to check the room with various members of the teams shouting , ' clear ' , as they searched the area they were assigned too and found nothing .
silence overtook the area as he placed his hand on the door knob .
there were small , enclosed meeting rooms either side of the main office area .
in the foreground was the famously uncontrollable devils kitchen area now favored by artists and fashion stores .
unlike the offices with vistas of new york , the area he found himself within felt like a warehouse even though it was just a room in the interior of the building .
these new areas , built at a cost $ 200million , were regarded as a building within a building .
purple lead planner and bates into the first large room , the rest area .
in the middle of the area , were six groups of desks for four people each with a computer screen .
the area in the middle , this is where i expect you ll be sitting during the big event .
* * * * a late lunch was served in the rest area by burly uniformed military men , with tattoos on their arms , but still with the same civility expected from a commercial airline .
planner was eating an airline style meal in the rest area .
she continued across towards the pedestrian area towards the north tower lobby and entered a lift .
* * * * within the office of the vice chief of naval operations , at the pentagon , chief lafleur [ 157 ] was walking past an office open area which featured a wall mounted tv displaying the news channel and replaying the impact on the south tower .
but just as the door was being unlocked , they heard loud bbuh - der , bbuh - der , bbuh - der of synchronised explosions from the four corners of the central elevator area .
april entered in the pentagon south entrance lobby and into the security area and offered her security pass to a security guard .
planner , purple and ochre walked through with their bags into an open area .
it made the space a little more crowded , but gave some sense of a living area in the apartment .
the couch had n't been upended , my orange crates were n't busted , the well , that 's really all there was to my living area .
from the door to the living area , where my couch is , there s a short wall there and it makes for a truncated hallway .
off the cemented patio area , there was a large stone planter doing a poor job of holding a collection of azalea bushes gone mad .
my train of thought was interrupted : pavan kept elbowing me in the ribs because this very hot woman , tapping away on her blackberry , had sat down next to me in the waiting area .
at the very end of the hall , the door was open to a storage area : an exercise bike turned clothes hanger , broken furniture , a couple of cabinets , and an ancient philco radio .
the area was not much bigger than a walk - in closet and just as suffocating .
there was a captains nest , and it looked like below that could be the sort of area where cocktails were occasionally served .
poking the pantry door open , a little at a time , i finally stepped back into the galley area .
this time , i moved forward into the shadows of a seating area .
thousands of square feet that may have been put to better use as , you know , classrooms on the college campus , was instead dedicated to common seating areas and large , sweeping grass basins that kids , squandering their parents hard earned money , skipped class to play frisbee in .
in the back storage area , there s a cot where i take naps between classes sometimes .
once away from the low ceilings of the editing bays , we crossed over a common area , and into the newsroom .
on my feet again , my legs felt like springs , i headed upward out of the stone tunneled observation area , and started charging for the top of the wide concrete walkway , but the flash of neoprene body armor to my right prompted my mind to jut left , out of the way of the strike , and i heard the grunt of exertion behind me , then the burst of breath as the mentor pursued me up the long hill .
the curse from the kitchen area belonged to someone happier captaining the metropolitan police hockey team than rooting through this shambles of a life .
* the only concession to twenty first century life at the eagle was a plasma screen telly and the demolition of the saloon bar to create an open plan area sprawled around an l shaped counter .
wide beams crossed the perspex areas , but the tiles themselves were flimsy .
he studied the assembly sized room three receptionists manned the desk , the queue snaked half way around the waiting area .
terry watched her from the corner of his eye , while he was filling wine glasses in the open - plan kitchen and living area .
look over there , he said gazing towards a crowded area at the entrance gates .
he selected a particularly dark area where he could not only hide but rest his sniper rifle on a railing to stabilize his aim .
the fans in several areas that james had hit hard ran up the stairs and out of the stadium , dragging their children with them by their tiny hands .
their collapse led to the bending of walls , seating areas , ceilings , halls , floors , and everything else in this stadium which seems to be attached throughout .
some were going to the physician offices , nurses stations , staff areas , pharmacy , and various specialty departments .
he was in the ceiling area day after day , dressed as a construction worker , cutting through planks of wood that held the roof up then sticking plastic explosives in the cuts connected to triggering wires , one after the other , then covering them with black goop so that no one was the wiser .
as the guards passed him in the roof area , their flashlights lit up the floors and walls , but they only saw wooden beams everywhere including in the faked pictures of wood that lined the outside of jamess devious cloak , so they moved on , confident that the roof was safe from anyone wanting to mess with it .
i have swept the entire backstage area on three levels .
i m making final checks of the security areas .
there are protected areas in basements , rest rooms , back halls and beneath the theater chairs where survivors may be found and rescued .
old buildings have usually suffered several fires , most of them to contained to small areas , which left an odor of burning once they were opened to the air during a massive collapse .
i am back once again in new yorks broadway area , the site of the collapsed lambrecht theater where the bodies of more than one thousand people had been interred within the wreckage of this ancient theater which was renowned worldwide for its daring presentations of drama , musicals , and dance productions .
it was more than powerful enough to bring down a skyscraper if exploded in just the right place inside an underground garage area .
will sturm had even worked his way into the top secret security areas where a combination of toxins , gasses , and viruses were kept .
sturm entered another super secure area .
hours later , the jet landed at l.a . international airport , and they worked their way to the baggage area .
the area was stacked with boxes .
he placed explosives in the main communications areas as well as in records and digital archives where most of their intelligence was stored .
this particular limbo transformed then into what i would say was the waiting area for heaven or hell .
the group entered into a dingy , dark area where hundreds of russian women were lined up , single - filed , waiting to go down a dark and winding staircase .
it had become an ancient area of chiseled stone , darkened by passing centuries of dripping rancid water from the surface up above .
in the middle of the entire substation area , on the ground , was an oversized stainless steel manhole cover , shaped like an oversized submarine hatch .
they kept walking into another area with several rows of ceiling - to - floor shelves .
scraps of steel and rectangular steel panels were stacked and piled about the entire area .
upon entering the magnificently somber marble lobby through a single door constantly guarded by swiss guards , frank and maria went past the elaborate winding staircase leading to the main vault at the top floor to a more obscure staircase which went down to the bottom floor safe deposit box vault area recently constructed for smaller account holders .
a few children were playing around a plain fountain in the center of the open area .
the reverend explained how there was a brief interruption in the power that the lights went out and how , at almost precisely the same time the power came back on , he saw frank coming from the area of the generator room .
8 hitting the streets rome , vatican , next day evening : in kefas apartment , there were three living areas : the foyer was set up for meeting dignitaries .
well stack them here for now and move them later into an underground storage area .
at the far end of the room was the kitchen area .
at another tunnel entrance to the side of the kitchen area , catherine and arnaldo wheeled their cart .
once inside that tunnel , it immediately opened on to a cavernous storage area .
several levels down , the truck came to a large underground loading area with twenty bays and several parked trucks , five of which were other twenty - two wheeler tanker trucks .
the guard looked it over and handed it to a younger guard who left the area through double swinging doors .
as the doors swung back and forth , daniil caught a quick glimpse of a well - lit , giant underground factory assembly area .
then the doors swung back open and the same guard came out of the factory area and returned to the dispatch house .
the truck pulled ahead , turned , and backed into the rear area , where a large cargo door rolled up .
the lights of the underground assembly area flooded the area around the dimly lit truck as it backed into the opening .
he lifted his camera to his eye , but just as he was able to zoom in for a closer look at the assembly area , his view got increasingly blocked by the truck being slowly maneuvered in reverse .
the diesel engine revved ; exhaust fans hummed , and the truck slowly pulled away from the loading bay area .
yakov disappeared into the bright light of the factory assembly area and the cargo door rolled closed .
the whole squalid menagerie of metal , wood , dogs and moss was arranged haphazardly around a central gravel parking area , through which the dirt road crossed and vanished into the forest on the other side .
the broad interior space was subdivided into separate living areas by walls made of cedar planks or curtains of woven cattail fabric .
we had entered into the first of these walled - off areas , and here a man sat on a couch - like bench made of carved cedar planks and covered with mats of woven cattails .
each living area we passed was a semi - private room with its own unique dcor .
chapter 14 tleena accompanied us up to the parking area .
as we walked onto the parking area , a black and shiny dodge ram pickup rumbled up and pulled in beyond the toyota .
lets go , i called to mckean , who had gotten out and wandered along a low cyclone fence that paralleled the parking area .
inside the quarantine area ?
my initial surprise turned to shock as i realized , too late , that we had already reached the parking area at the top of the bluff .
as mckean stood shakily , i heard vindictive laughter and looked up to see dag bukwatch standing at the edge of the parking area twenty feet above us .
john steel and i followed and as we reached the level of the parking area , bukwatch put a hand against mckeans shoulder and stopped him .
the main site was a vast complex of buildings , but she noticed that nearly everyone from the tram went up the steps into the main reception area .
the returning tram was equally full of people who came from the main reception area .
so she caught the number 18 tram again , and when it eventually arrived , walked up the steps with the other tourists into the reception area .
but i am a bit tied up at the moment , so i can not get over to the reception area to meet you right now .
at ten - fifteen , mickey opened one of the doors into the small lobby area where hunter waited and said goodbye to a group of asians who bowed politely .
the five - acre parking area was bordered with chain link fencing , overgrown with tumbleweed .
most of his peer lobbyists would take a taxi , but hunter still enjoyed the ambience and mystic appeal of walking through the mall area toward the capitol .
as he moved farther forward , he was under the hold area of the ship .
the ship had docked a quarter mile farther out toward the mouth of the harbor in the commercial berthing area .
when he got close to the hull , there was a dim lighted area directly under the keel .
the founder , george baumann was welcoming , and set them up with a small area for a living space .
` ` mashed eggs and some bread and butter '' the bar area was square with the bar itself a smaller square in the middle .
but currently there was a pool table in that area , covered by a cloth and pushed against the wall , obviously not in use either .
there were areas on the floor that were tiled , not carpeted .
there was an area in front of the large front window , near a roaring fireplace , where four tables had been pulled into the centre to create one large table with a hole in the centre ( because the tables were round ) .
there was a hiss from the bar area as , or so it sounded , surfer - dude opened a fridge door .
either side of it was a similar - sized , walled - off area , making all three look like some giant cored brick .
to the left was a concreted area for storing beer barrels and crates ; to the right , an area for the storage of junk , it seemed .
to the left was a concreted area for storing beer barrels and crates ; to the right , an area for the storage of junk , it seemed .
the drop into either of these areas would be shorter because i could do so from the lowest part of the roof , but only the centre square , where the bike was , where i 'd stood and chatted with a madman , had a gate .
the ground floor seemed to be primarily a spacious kitchen , but right in the centre was a raised square platform , accessible by a set of stairs at each side , that i think was supposed to pass for a living area .
tattoo - guy zipped across it , skidded to a halt inside a c - shaped tiled area of sinks and worktops , sort of like a typical kitchen within a bigger kitchen , and ran himself a drink of water .
lots of artwork to look at , but no means to look at your own , except using the small mirror the tattooist kept by his work area .
stacey and her classmates , many of them clutched together in frightened embraces or united in prayer , huddled around television screens in classrooms and common areas .
the television cameras that made it to the blast area were set up near the air force memorial , located on a hill just above the pentagon .
the as - sirat leader asked before hassan could follow up and they went to the filming area .
those shuttles , did they board right at the bus terminal or was there a separate loading area for people coming from the metro ?
at each mealtime , a small area was cleared by the troops to allow the cooks to set up a serving area .
john and his group moved quickly to the target area .
at 2200 hours , precisely john , derek and paul moved stealthily in the darkness towards the lit area .
the two vehicles slipped quietly away to their waiting area .
get him over to the medical area straight away boys , marie , can you and your team see to him please , it looks like he s seriously hurt .
john walked to the group of his men who were now congregated in one area and enjoying hot cups of coffee .
its in a large area underneath the crown court at southwark .
the entrance area was dimly lit with just sufficient lighting for security purposes .
alan walker and his team raced down to the computer server area and were fully aware of how much quicker they needed to work .
the pair soon arrived back at goodge street and sat on a dusty ledge away from the troops rest area .
ill take you to an area where you can get a hot drink and while you doing that i can brief you on what we are doing here .
` ` yeah , '' shouted one of the guards in the back , who then passed an open bottle through the small window between the locked back area and the front .
once into the public area the usual sea of faces were there ; kept back from the passenger exit area by fences .
once into the public area the usual sea of faces were there ; kept back from the passenger exit area by fences .
` ` it might be a good idea to get to the bus departure area just in case they decide to leave early , '' he suggested .
to his right , past the area of the flat sand - covered volleyball area , the line of accommodation units and nipa huts were narrowly separated from the north - west section of the main restaurant .
to his right , past the area of the flat sand - covered volleyball area , the line of accommodation units and nipa huts were narrowly separated from the north - west section of the main restaurant .
the internal horse - shoe shaped bar and restaurant area all looked the same .
the west entry to the main area was always wide open .
the bar service area inside the u was barely enough for two people to pass .
the counter surface area was covered with small dark brown tiles .
made his way to the left , past the vacant restaurant tables , towards the office reception area backing against the wall at the centre of the northern part of the building .
passing the open kitchen cooking area to his right he stood back to watch the others check in and looked around still trying to spot any changes .
a young couple entered the bar area with the woman carrying a fair haired pretty little girl .
looked to the main area .
he realised if it was difficult for him to see out it would be even more difficult for these strangers to see then in the darker area under the trampoline .
those with ` ` paid - for partners '' generally were having less difficulty separating and many had already moved to the allocated area of the restaurant .
after exiting the customs area he was confronted by a huge sea of faces cordoned off at each end of the building .
he had targeted this area immediately they were corralled in the tennis court .
he headed toward the general area of the pump - house .
he paused in a crouch ready to run toward the kitchen area of the restaurant .
the obvious preparation he had made for his escape in digging the base areas of the wire showed his escape had been thought out .
an all encompassing filipino word for people who simply stand around an area such as a hotel or restaurant hoping to do business of any description with the patrons as they emerge .
prudence and charity were able to work on their props at home and deliver them to the center , thanks to the roomy cargo area .
consider how open the living room , kitchen , and dining area are .
i think ill set up display areas for the sales people throughout the townhouse .
unfinished , but framed up , the storage area was nearly the same size as the completed room .
this storage area becomes the office .
i sequestered myself in the powder room ; he took on the dining area .
peering over the railing , i saw her twisted body on the floor by the dining area , her muscles twitching .
making my way to the parking area , i stumbled up into the seat and somehow managed to start the town and country van .
what caught his attention and held it were the words burned darkly into the wall , a scorched area about sixteen inches from where his hands were imprinted .
he restrained the urge to look around the area in hopes that he might see someone looking decidedly guilty .
the front desk was situated unobtrusively in the left corner of the room at an angle facing the waiting area and that was the direction that raine walked , his footsteps muffled by the thick carpeting .
involved in his writing he almost did nt notice the man who walked in the door and quietly took a seat in the waiting area .
he had been astounded to find that raine still in the waiting area filling out paperwork and not already been in the middle of his consultation with the doctor .
the area still held a chill despite the fact that half of the front windows had been replaced and the other half had been covered carefully in plastic .
he began to walk her direction , stepping cautiously around the shattered glass that littered the floor and the groups of people the nurses were tending at various areas in the middle of the hall .
hoping that she was wrong , that such a striking color combination could be found on one other person in the denver area she spoke into the expectant silence .
she walked into wendys area and turned on the small reading lamp on the desk .
his gaze rested on a small unoccupied area in the street beyond the crowd and , with a gentle flick of his wrist he guided the vehicle to rest with a groan and metallic pop of ruined steel .
luther told him as they walked through the front reception area .
several areas were concave , collapsing with water damage .
one more floor down , luther replied , this is the only access that i could find to this area of the building .
with the buildings support structure smashed , the roof crumbled and they emerged in a shower of bricks and dust in time to see rocco and moses vehicle rupture the perimeter walls on the opposite side and vault into the forecourt of the compound destroying the carefully manicured gardens and ploughing through the outdoor eating area .
he was sitting beside jane in the galley of the airplane , a cozy wood paneled utility area normally reserved for the help - flight attendants , spare pilots , so - called close protection operatives .
jane carried a plate and a bottle of water back to the seating area .
as soon as they were out of earshot , john and jane abandoned the louis xv reception area , with its mirrors and gilt - edged everything , for the back office .
john and jane had no need to pry further into individual offices ; the small kitchen area had just what they needed - two tall windows separated by a thin pillar of building .
directly in front of them was a waiting area dominated by a large and unattended desk .
the hatch to the covered drinking area outside was closed , but behind him there were several shelves with row upon row of bottles and glasses .
as soon as the women behind the desk saw sally , they rushed up to her excitedly across the reception area .
the dwelling was used more as a storage area for our familys possessions rather than a living space .
the upper area was where my fathers large mahogany desk sat , along with a balcony that overlooked the largest of the lower rooms .
the front door opened into a small living area .
and , as she looked over her fort , complete with different rooms and areas for her and the many stuffed animals she brought down from her room , she was proud .
an hour later , the area in front of the cabin was filled with police cruisers , ambulance and fire engines .
the whole area was simply an ex - warehouse type of building with a thin internal wall separating the two rooms .
there were two hallways off the reception area .
at the rear was the service area , and at the register sat just the kind of person cole was looking for .
jeffersons long legs had got him out of the alcove and into the main area of the store .
marissas quarters are in the front , the middle of the boat is made up of a small galley , a dining area and a few chairs and couches to hang out on .
i enter into the area they are in and see the body sprawled out in the middle of the hallway .
i place some large tarps over the bodies and move the president and the first lady to a separate area .
i zip up my coat and decide to head across the street to the ellipse , which is actually a big park area that is usually filled in the summer with soccer games , softball and military parades but today it just stands empty the long green grass blowing in the cold wind .
i go back into the hope diamond area , and just stare at the glass .
she 's stopping outside the living room area in our quarters .
we immediately lead them back up through the living room area where everyone is still sleeping .
i took a peek at jim 's area and it is definitely starting to look like a lab again .
i wave to fritzie and head back towards jim 's area .
we quietly make our way back to jim 's area without any major problems , so maybe they 're starting to warm up to me .
we decide to have it in the rose garden , since it is probably the most highly maintained area we keep up on the grounds , maybe i 'll see if jason can bring up some other areas as well , but i 'll have to save that for later .
i take a quick look behind me in the storage area and see all the food .
i meet each one and they lead me to another locker room and a private club area must be a vip one , and i thought the white house was nice .
not the slightest aroma of decaying flesh was allowed in the parlor area .
it is used for mostly dinner and dancing parties so there is plenty of room for all of us with its long flat eating and dancing areas .
i pass through the table and chair area .
we race down the steps and into the bow area where all the extra tables and chairs and boating equipment are kept at .
past the galley is a dining area , i have to keep bending my head because of the low beams .
i look back at him and walk out to the main area .
as we exit the marina area i ca nt believe the sculptures and waterfalls making up the landscape .
we head back outside and into the water area .
the dark green stern area is filled with nets and poles .
we follow him down a small set of steps to the crew sleeping area .
i lead her through the cabin and down into the bunk area .
i went outside , beginning to crouch in the area where i thought hank was always stationed .
i pulled the cover off the fire alarm and then ran the micro camera around to give me a view of the computer area .
it looked like it was somewhere in the entertainment area , maybe just below his lcd tv .
the waiting area was like a circus with masses of people stumbling over suitcases and backpacks creating safety hazards throughout the vicinity .
to the side of the building was a car park area with a row of garages with numbers which matched the flat numbers .
this seemed like the best lead to date , so alan decided he would come back here and wait near the mail box area for the next day or two in the late afternoon .
alans next question was the clincher , do you have any cctv footage of either the reception or the breakfast buffet area .
the lady answered , certainly sir , we have it for both areas , at least for the buffet entrance .
alan asked if one of the staff could spend a few minutes showing him the layout of the buildings including where the room was , the route from the reception area to it and the location of any cameras which may have picked up their images .
one showed the driveway and resort entrance in wide view , one showed the reception area and one showed the final passage way heading towards their room .
the areas sealed off , with all the other students confined to their rooms as soon as the first call to our desk came in .
3 it was lazy and lonely at the forum deli , and all bill could do to stay awake was linger near the small dining area and leer at the three college girls that were finishing their supper .
rachel and bill were sitting in the common area nearby , watching morning tv , and bore the brunt of his indignation .
he flopped down on the old worn sofa in the common area , in front of a blank tv screen .
as we approach the crash site , we notice a building that is mostly underground with a large containment area behind it .
the containment area had big fences all around it and wire cages inside of the fencing , but the impact of the plane destroyed most of the construction .
what if someone was in the containment area when the plane crashed ?
we turn around and head back to the rally point to meet up with dane , and we are waiting for him in front of the big steel door when we hear a noise coming from the lab area .
this section is divided into six operating rooms with access to the outside containment area at the end of the hallway .
unfortunately , we never had the opportunity to do that because that was the day the plane crashed into the containment area .
six of us worked here inside the facility , and the other two were in charge of the dogs and stayed mainly in the containment area monitoring the dogs .
the guard used a shovel to pick up the meteorite and brought it back to the containment area .
chapter 9 day 12 derrick and i wake up about 7:00 a.m. and hear voices coming from the kitchen area .
geoff , the lead cdc representative says , we will send a team to the facility to check the hazardous vault area and the rest of the compound , especially the kitchen .
when we arrive at the lab , dane and monti take the airtight containers right to the decontamination area and grab four clean biohazard suits .
stolz remembers seeing the bodies outside of the vault area , but has no recollection of the events that occurred .
meanwhile , another cdc employee takes the dingoes to a separate area , in the rear of the lab , to be quarantined .
cole puts his hand up to the glass , and i put my hand up to the glass , smile , and head toward the hazardous area .
he took me out to the training area and showed me power - on , power - off stalls , and some other insignificant maneuvers before we returned to the airport for landing .
after cleaning up , they bring us to a canopy covered area with a table and some chairs .
he had the animal control officers transfer the sheep back to the lower pasture and built a special containment area on the upper pasture that allows the waste to be washed into a collection trough where it could be treated before it is disposed of .
the containment area can be divided into two sections .
geoff continues , the sheep will be held in the containment area until the entire farm has been treated and is parasite free .
he is already seated at a table and motions to us as we walk into the dining area .
dane and derrick start carrying the bags to the vacant storage area .
as she emerged into the small area above , she found three people sitting at the small bar : two business men who looked like they were talking shop , and kerrin who was sitting by himself sipping a whisky and reading a book .
on the plane he 'd had a chance to read a section from the ` ` lonely planet guide to south africa '' , and following its suggestion he had decided to have lunch in the wharf area of cape town harbour .
the car - park bordered the wharf area , which consisted of a large modern shopping complex and a number of old boathouses which had been converted into shops , bars and restaurants .
from outside , the hotel did n't appear to be anything special , but walking through the door into the air - conditioned reception area , he was pleasantly surprised by the tasteful interior .
turning on to elm street , the psychologist found the immense parking area for the beeghly center .
there did nt seem to be anyone to direct him to specific parking area , so he pulled in and parked as close to the front of the building as he could manage .
coming up to the focal area of the pub , the wooden bar , ashe was assaulted by a row of flat screen televisions on the back wall .
hold up a minute , he added before rushing away when he noticed that another customer had pushed an empty bud light bottle across the bar and into the area sometime called the trench or the hole , instructing the bartender that another drink was being requested without actually speaking aloud .
grub was standing by an open doorway , which led to a back area of the prison , a place from where inmates were transported to and from the correctional institute .
he visually scanned his area and found a printer placed on a side shelf of sheths desk .
he reached down to the area beside the desk where his laptop sat , contained safely in a leather carrying case .
the secret to infiltrating a work area , one where there was certain to be other people around , was to give the appearance of belonging .
the names were alphabetical and it did nt seem to take long for ashe to find katherines work area .
he looked around the area and considered asking someone about katherine , but instead lunged into the cubicle and began to frantically search her messy desk .
a parking area , nearly empty , sat on the right and he had no choice but to abandon the car .
scott saw the bad news when the parking area came into full view .
leaving the living room , bam fetched another wooden chair from the dining area and brought it back .
he saw what appeared to be a parking area for the park , which was where the bright police lights seemed to be focused .
the rain came in and the parents got their kids off the play area and to their vehicles .
oscar glanced around the parking area .
tape this area off too and get the media back .
chapter 48 the sliding glass opened to reveal the waiting area for the emergency room , one that was populated with plastic bucket seats .
the detective and psychologist turned their backs to the desk area .
the hallway was plain , pale and cold , as hospital areas tend to be , because the cold kept germs from growing and multiplying .
the darkened area was empty , no assassins standing guard .
there could other men hiding in the darkened areas of the house , the sight focused outward , watching and waiting for any movements from the police .
it took him a while to really wake up , and they d already made their way to the baggage claim area before he felt he was fully awake , but once they d retrieved their suitcase he was feeling refreshed and ready to go .
miles of bookshelves occupied most of the other areas : volumes upon volumes on subjects so esoteric that albert horn could nt explain them if he had years to prepare .
the living room and eating area looked out through the fire escape across bennett avenue at similar boxes , and both bedrooms gave on the same perpetually shaded , equipment - stuffed airshaft .
he shook her off , crossed the room , and threw his jacket over a chair in the adjacent dining area .
i m volunteering , diaz said , if the sergeant here can maintain the staging area .
he needed to reach kahn in the staging area , but he d left his radio and cell phone behind , not wanting anything to distract him .
he found himself wondering whether an accidental detonation would also kill kahn in the staging area .
got it here in the staging area .
kahn , still in the staging area , saw him burst out and took off running next him , both of them heading behind the response truck and around the corner of the building at a dead sprint .
i walked through the long open - space living area , single - minded in my focus to make tea .
next to that was the dining area .
the wall separating my bedroom and the dining area was the only wall in the living area covered in paintings and masks .
the wall separating my bedroom and the dining area was the only wall in the living area covered in paintings and masks .
the kitchen was directly opposite the dining area .
i stepped into the immaculate space without as much as a glance at the reading area behind me .
chapter four i had no air in my lungs to scream in horror when i turned to the reading area to face the voice that had intruded in my safe space .
i found him perusing the floor - to - ceiling bookshelf in the reading area .
i stepped to the left and sat down on one of the two wingback chairs that completed my seating arrangement in the reading area .
a shudder rolled through me and i walked back to the living area .
and the ruined newspaper in the reading area .
he was in my reading area ; books were scattered at his feet .
in my defence , i only planted devices in your living area and study .
do nt think that i m easily going to forgive you for planting a listening device in my living area .
chapter eleven i walked into the living area with strong strides .
vinnies deep voice started singing from the sitting area .
the rustle of newspaper being moved pulled my eyes to the living area .
lets sit in the living area .
i started walking towards my bedroom , but the men were blocking my exit out of the kitchen area .
vinnie found this funny and chuckled quietly as he followed us to the living area .
he did nt ask me where i lived , but i was nt surprised when we left the parking area and started going in the right direction .
it looked like we were going to eat in the living area .
colin took his tray and walked with me to the living area .
vinnie stormed into the living area waving a piece of paper .
they were lounging on the sofas in the living area .
the guard was nt supposed to be in that area , but for some reason appeared out of the blue .
i closed the door , made sure all five locks were secured in place and hurried over before she reached the living area .
i m in here , erin called from the bedroom area .
alex looked up when john walked into the area .
he switched the screen to the area where the armed men were waiting .
they sat together in a chair in the hotel suites sitting area .
the tunnel transitioned into well - lit , clean storage areas .
sensing movement in the sitting area , alex looked past raz to see a woman moving across the suite .
alex moved into the sitting area , and he followed .
she jumped up and ran back into the bedroom , where she grabbed the thermos of coffee , a cup , and raw sugar for raz and returned to the sitting area .
we kept our weapons in an area of the vault .
can you move it to my secure area ?
alex clicked through the computer to her secure area at homeland security and opened a sub - folder in the area where raz had left her documents for her .
across the cemetery , alex heard shots fired in succession in the area of the ceremony .
there was no fire from our direction into the memorial area .
after the meal , he pulled her into the main living area , where he handcuffed her to the couch .
it is my understanding that this item controls an area where my property is stored .
john sat in the living area , reading a novel .
we should be able to move into at least one area of the building by new years .
when remodeled , well have two separate living spaces with a common kitchen , living area , and dining area .
when remodeled , well have two separate living spaces with a common kitchen , living area , and dining area .
bringing a wing - back chair and a blanket from the sitting area , he opened the blinds and sat down in the chair .
there were deep pile carpets and comfortable armchairs in the special sampling area .
he led her to the clients sampling area where she allowed herself to be lowered onto a sofa .
- 7 - detective inspector paisley sat down opposite ben in the clients sampling area and pulled the low table towards him .
- 46 - the only possibility left to them was to get in to the attic area of the house through one of the small roof dormers that ben remembered seeing when he was surveying the villa from the hillside above .
at the last minute donna realised that the track only ran a scant fifty yards before it ended in a small level parking area .
she pointed to the centre of the area .
once in the visiting area , there were chairs and tables , he directed me to a side room with a table .
i followed him into the main visiting area , but did n't get far .
i was escorted out of the visiting area and put my stamped hand under the black light .
` ` what about keeping this new one in a corner or in a storage area ? ''
after our brief meeting , we would be escorted to the baptism area .
marcus had been assigned to clean a bathroom facility in a recreational area at the prison .
you notice , the large sign / billboard at xingpost post office or its advertisements its on financial loans at the front area .
the semi - circle - shaped bar service area was at the same level as the patrons and separated the patrons from the girls dancing on the raised stage .
there was no - one seated at the thirty or so comfortable lounges , some organised into squares of conversation areas .
as he approached the reception desk beyond the lounges he looked into the dining area to his right .
a small guest seating area was on the left of the hallway .
it sided on to a large shaft above the kitchen area with its windows supposed to give lighting to the internal area .
it sided on to a large shaft above the kitchen area with its windows supposed to give lighting to the internal area .
during the day , the shaft was the only source of light for the entire hall area .
perhaps the management was cost saving by not switching on lighting during daylight in the rarely used areas of the hotel .
saw one of the solid japanese from the earlier encounter sitting in a comfortable lounge of the small seating area .
approached from the darker lift door area .
who was now into the lighter area of the hall .
downstairs , he exited the corridor from the lifts and entered the reception area with the large lobby .
it 's not just to make it a nice conversation area . ''
in the centre and set 30 metres to the back of the open area was a large open sided storage area .
in the centre and set 30 metres to the back of the open area was a large open sided storage area .
then every hundred metres or so , a farmer would use a third or more of one lane to spread his rice for drying on an area up to twenty metres long .
pater began to worry that perhaps he was standing in a no reception area for his mobile phone .
shuffled out between the curtains and into what was the lounge and dining area .
still moving slowly over the gravel , he returned to the shadows of the road area .
the crude plumbing suggested which area was the kitchen .
-- -- -- -- -- the jeepney pulled into exactly the same spot it had before , but this time facing up toward the area of the plantation .
pater signalled to henry and rangi to check the storage and garage area .
he watched as they moved away to the far end of the clearing before making their approaches through the tree line , avoiding the metal area .
light beams from the headlights of the approaching vehicle were just making themselves visible on the trees and leaves of the rain forest opposite to the open entry of the drive into the storage and turn - a - round area .
mindful of what had happened to the previous unexpected visitor , ueda decided he would greet these visitors before they got too close to the nipa hut ; perhaps when they pulled into the gravel area .
the offending vehicle , a jeepney , eventually came into view and slowed at the outer rim of the turning area .
he tucked his newly acquired illegally obtained pistol into his newly acquired oversized waist bag and went downstairs to the reception area .
at 6:30 p.m. he led the group downstairs and into the reception area .
the light was on in what they now knew was the lounge / dining / kitchen area .
finished his coffee and sandwiches , dried off , wrapped the towel around his waist and went into the main area of the room .
he just opened the door and ran up the stairs to guss kitchen area .
he drove it into a wide open area on the dock where he could breakdown the crate and then deliver whatever was inside to the council chambers since the crate was too large to fit inside the freight elevator .
the generals security access allowed him to enter any area of the building , but entering was nt the problem , it was getting out with jessa prisoner , that was the problem , my guess is that they are holding him in the lower level incarceration unit where special detainees are held when the world ca nt know about them .
it was evident that some modern - day repairs had been performed on the castle as these areas were now all blackened and destroyed as if someone had poured acid on the castle and eroded all the vulnerable parts .
it was a small , multi - purpose room , serving as an office , a workshop , and a secure storage area .
from the table , he had a striking view of the bay area .
anyway , activity in the pier area will screech to a halt for fifteen minutes , just to accommodate the arrival of the owner to the owner .
with teleport verified as safe and secure , he put away the smartphone and casually watched the people around the pier area .
he entered the main living area , known as the salon , and sat down in one of the reclining chairs .
he picked up the electronic tablet and surveyed the outside area , as seen from the masthead camera .
standing in the floor where the shower once stood , albert pressed two buttons , one on each side of the cubby area vacated by the shower .
albert walked out of the gas dock store , found the pathway back to the main pier attraction area , and weaved his way to the coffee shop .
he walked over to the sitting area .
following nighttime baseball games , the police routinely patrolled the shopping area on the pier .
in most areas of the ship , the above waterline view revealed windows and doors , suggesting three floors , or decks , not including the outside upper deck , covering most of the top surface of the vessel .
they walked across the deck to the forward sitting area .
they had reached the sitting area on the forward part of the ship .
he walked across the large living area , down a wide , short hallway , and through the double doors to his bedroom .
he walked over to the open air dining area , found the same seat as the previous day , and sat down .
he stepped in the bridge area and sat down in the captains chair .
the next tank , in the forepeak area , indicated 45 % full .
elizabeth put on her robe and walked into the living area of the suite .
max sat down in remons living area and waited .
remons picked up a glass dish and threw it violently across the living area of the suite .
remons walked directly to his personal sitting area near the bow .
he went to the head , unlatched the hidden clasps on the shower stall , pivoted the shower , and pressed the two buttons to open the secret office area .
i m in the shopping area , here on the pier , near the embarcadero .
albert walked into the crowded shopping area along the pier .
james , albert , and three guards were in the forward area , where remons normally sat .
elizabeth walked over to the forward sitting area .
lawrence looked around the dock area .
now out of the isolated shadows , he strolled confidently around the consumer focused shopping area .
he guessed this to be the galley and dining area ; for the crew , not remons .
there was a large , wooden framed , and incased in glass , birds eye drawing of the plant , showing at a high level the different production areas in the facility .
the guards walked across the deck and stood more near the aft area .
it was a temporary parking space , part of the common area in the building , and accessible to all building tenants , not just remons global .
the area beyond the door was dark .
it was a common area .
they reached pier marina and were soon at the guest slip area .
then , he quickly leapt down to the tiny floor area below the aft facing fishing seats .
he could see five rays of light piercing the aft cabin area .
he motioned with his finger and pointed at his sitting area nearer the bow of the ship .
they both walked to the sitting area .
she stood up and backed out of the sitting area , careful to not turn her back to remons .
the guard sending the response was standing with his partner in the patio area of dads coffee & more .
chapter 58 the guards gently pushed elizabeth and veronica to remons upper deck sitting area .
he was standing a few yards away from remons sitting area , waiting for the conversation to finish .
andrew glanced around the garage area .
he was sitting on the upper deck in the posh sitting area .
he was now pacing a circle around the sitting area .
remons sat back down in the sitting area .
sam guided them to the sitting area in bills office .
albert climbed aboard carefully and moved to the stern area .
albert stepped over the stern rail , reaching the security of the boats aft sitting area .
i would be honored , albert said , bowed and stepped forward to the inside bridge station , located on the starboard area of the salon .
he walked over to the sofa sitting area .
remons went back to the living area .
he walked back to the aft sitting area .
he walked until he was in the old foreign legation quarters , a small area in central beijing that had housed a number of foreign embassies from the 1860s to the 1950s .
leonard had passed by the receptionist area and was about to enter into one of the elevators when he heard a voice calling for him .
a cursory glance of the dwelling revealed that it was a very small apartment with a single room on the ground level and , because leonard had spied a small staircase in the corner of the room , he assumed there was a similar area on the floor above .
but they do nt allow me to bring anything into the work area .
as a group we turned towards the dining area .
as i entered the reception area something heavenly hit me that was reminiscent of lavender and cinnamon .
the laughter returned as the officers watched a wiener , a dog , and two fish- soaked cops saunter toward the booking area .
harold wiener appeared in the visiting area .
a corridor , one of many , opened onto several living areas , each with a central fireplace and lavish furnishings .
you will find mr . harper in the living area .
i found my way to the visiting area via a series of electronically locking interior doors off the medical wing where i was told nathan kane was housed .
as i waited for robin in the visiting area , questions and guilt assaulted me .
i ended the call as robin was being escorted to the visiting area .
i let bernie finish his business and then we came around the appliance store to the patio area .
the overhead light turned on , flooding the area with that pale white fluorescent light .
it was a small version with dual drinking areas .
the pair left the lab area , heading for hansons office .
the little girl nodded and pointed to a small area underneath a television where a woman sat flipping through a magazine .
the secretaries , shocked at seeing the president of the united states in this particular legislators office , nodded and walked out of the reception area , but not before catching a look back at kendall .
eager to watch the players come out onto the pitch , tommy and his father walked over to the area behind the dugouts and waited .
a smile crept along jafars lips as he thought about this , just as the americans defense dispossessed the brits striker as he surged into the penalty area .
it was nt long and one of the bikers saw the helmets in the middle of the street and soon all the bikers heard that they had been returned and they all met up at the bar area .
justin watched him from a hidden area as the man searched for several minutes before justin finally decided to leave .
it appeared to jed , that people were using the front yard as a parking area , because it was almost all dirt .
each stall had total privacy from the other one so the dogs could nt see out into the walking area or each other .
he then took mister and put him back in the room with princess and then he went back to his sleeping area .
he pushed the door closed and locked it and then moved past the newcomers into the room next to the manufacturing area .
the crew of the smaller vessel guided the cargo to a clear area of the deck under the watchful eye of the captain , who stood silently by while his men unhooked the steel cable and swung the hook to the side .
she skirted the front of the checkpoint and moved to the rear gate of the barracks area , where one of her admirers was on guard duty from three p.m. to eleven .
another cruiser joined the pursuit , and the driver floored the accelerator as the men in the cargo area fired at the police through the open rear doors .
of course there would be a way to access the equipment area from inside the mosque in the event of a blackout .
wira embraced putra , and they parted ways , wira to the parking area first , to be followed by putra after he left .
maya followed her out of the barracks into the crisp morning air and accompanied her to the dining area , a no - frills setup with a row of cafeteria trays .
when she arrived , he was sitting in a corner away from the main dining area .
he stopped , waiting for putra to join them , and then led the pair along the pool area to the beach .
she poked her head above the railing and surveyed the deck area , which as shed expected was empty .
after a quick scan of the area , she spotted what she was after and dropped down into the crew area , where she found a tin of kerosene for the stove and a metal toolbox .
after a quick scan of the area , she spotted what she was after and dropped down into the crew area , where she found a tin of kerosene for the stove and a metal toolbox .
the caf was empty at 3:30 p.m. , so they had the seating area to themselves .
the shooter slid the rifle into a compartment under the cargo mat and gave the vacant parking area a quick scan before climbing into the passenger seat .
up ahead was a bar she knew , which had a back outdoor area as well as the main barroom .
she slipped past a group of drinkers standing just inside and pushed through the mass of bodies , the rear outdoor area her target .
she looked around and spotted the area of the outdoor wall that had brought her to the bar two bathrooms she remembered were in a brick enclosure that had open air over the commodes .
on second approach , she came in from the back of the complex , having climbed over a wall separating the garbage area from the neighbor .
the glint of something by the parking area .
it was low to the water and looked fast , used as a dive boat , judging by the equipment on board tank racks , plentiful rear deck area and decent electronics .
the door led directly into a modestly furnished living area , with a kitchenette in one corner , and french doors which led out onto a narrow deck just big enough for a table and two chairs .
i was reluctant to pry into storms things , but was interested in what georgina had told me about her botanical art , and when i got back to the flat i looked around the living area .
i avoided the bottom part , the area with the old plum tree and the rosa gallica bush under which her body had lain .
thankfully i sat down in the waiting area .
chapter 15 diagnosis i was dimly aware of going on a car journey , lying on the back seat under a blanket which smelled of dog , but my next clear memory is of being with cosmo and francis in the emergency reception area of a hospital .
we made our way past the mostly empty seating area and headed toward the center of the terminal , where the escalators to the tram were located .
a black gate stretched out and separated the open air dining area from the sidewalk .
the area behind the glass double door entrance was empty .
the back wall was lined with lockers , as was the area to the left of the seats .
i walked down the aisle in the middle of the seating area and took a seat at the last row .
i moved through the living area of the great room and past the dining room , which had a round glass table with four black chairs .
we walked down a short hall and came to the area of the main floor that we called the lobby .
so keith took out his camera and began taking pictures of the crime area .
after they had finished they put crime scene tape around the dressing room area .
he pushed first through the door of the salesroom and into the reception area before opening the main door and bursting out into the bracing air of old brompton road .
joshua walked to the center of the area then turned to his left .
to the left is my lounging area that is surrounded by arabica , do you know what that is ?
the workroom was abandoned as was the area outside by the water tank .
she expanded security screen number two and saw the two ladies in aisle one , the cosmetics and toiletries area .
she abruptly rose from her office chair and entered the sales area of the general store .
it took pat roughly five kentucky minutes to pull into the bottling companys parking area .
the flat area contained a cot , two sleeping bags , a knapsack , a lantern , and canned food .
that little coffee area you have would be a perfect setting , better than what we have here actually .
trash littered the area , papers and discarded items from people who did nt give a damn blew in the twenty mile per hour gusts that signaled a storm was approaching .
that could mean that someone else wrote jedidiahs name in the landing area .
come , let me show you my work area .
jackie again led the way , having passed the lounge area on the way to the workroom .
namanda saw that joshua was deeply concerned when he walked straight through the work area and through the back door .
just have a seat over there with the sheriff in the visitors area .
selena cautiously slipped through them and found herself on a wide and empty area with wooden floor .
silver looked around nervously , raised the hand with the weapon and walked along the edge of the lit area .
as i reached the lounge ( or area where the sofa sits ) i saw rach , a little worse for wear but busying herself happily with some of emmas old magazines .
a big oak desk at the back ruled over the room , and prevented an unexpected visitor from going through the door , leading to the doctors area .
relieved to make it past the first round , i sucked in a deep breath and walked over to the holding area , awaiting my next opponent .
i took a deep breath and walked to the castles common area , where intoxicating aromas filled the room , and a servant placed my favorite dinner in front of me with a deep bow .
when i arrived at the common area , macgregor was there waiting .
the area behind the door was laden with thick shadows .
we made our way across the common area and into the dining room .
alexandru immediately stood , instinctively pulling his long sword from its sheath , as did i , and we bolted out of the dining room , dashed across the common area , and flew down the hall toward the royal throne room .
chapter ten after i had my fill of dinner , i bid alexandru a good night and walked back through the common area toward the stone stairway up to my quarters .
i searched the common area but found nothing of interest .
yes , that would be quite lovely , thank you , we rose from the table and left the dining room through the common area , and then up the stairway .
once inside , i marched through the common area and down the unlit hall that led to my fathers quarters .
i could still open my eyes wide enough to see parts of the surrounding area without lifting my head from the cages miserably hard wooden floor .
i charged to the door and released the heavy iron cross bar , casting it to cold stone floor and set off down the hall and out through the common area .
he nodded and we returned to our throwing area .
having no interest in socializing any further , redding drifted away from the reception area and into the exhibit hall .
beyond the parking area was an l - shaped , two - story building that ran along one side of the property and across the back .
opposite the parking area was a concrete surface that had on one side a makeshift backboard and hoop .
it was also the craftsmans work area , where goods were made and sold .
before leaving the ticketing area , she delved into the potential problems often encountered by foreign tourists and how best to avoid those situations .
after they secured their tickets for the return trip , they headed toward the waiting area for the suzhou train .
he glanced around the floor area and to the tables at the front and back of the store , but did nt see the painting anywhere .
although the lounge was nt necessarily dark , the lighting was somewhat dimmer than in the rest of the reception area .
in just those few moments that the cashier had held jorans attention , the bellboy had pushed the trolley across the lobby to an area adjoining the concierge station .
the only other approved smoking areas were the owners office and one of the private viewing rooms , but both were off limits to employees for that purpose .
a couple dozen total , with half occupied cleaning up the spacious eating area itself , setting it up with plates and glasses and silverware , the others in the kitchen cooking .
we can switch vehicles here , is all steve offers by way of explanation , as he leads them first into a screened in rear patio area and then , turning the unlocked knob of the back kitchen door , inside this house .
if he does nt head back into that storage area , however , he knows it will gnaw at him a lifetime .
never mind , she tells him , grabbing his hand and turning toward the recesses of this storage area , come on , lets- i m eldorado .
remembering a kitchen area he d passed a short distance back , however , he retreats and locates a cleaver which eventually does the job , by the teamwork effort of prying and sawing one board in the side loose .
here , clusters in the twenties and thirties await them every block or two in the downtown areas of these smallish cities , though everyone seems to be either waiting directly in front of the elevated train platform which continues clear into dc and beyond , if maps are to be trusted or else loitering in the general vicinity of such .
down thirty or so polished stone stairs to this underground shopping area , whereby access to the mall is also obtained , a platform to the left holds the swollen throng of those anticipating an eastbound train and , on the other side of the tracks , another equally sized group patiently sweating out one heading in the opposite direction .
now a few casual souls drift about , strewn here and there throughout the second tier and below , an area that is illuminated only indirectly , via the soft glow radiating upward from a bank of lights pointed at a makeshift stage .
you people have a nice day , paula repeats , with a mechanical smile , and locks the reception areas door behind them .
the situation room , a plaque on the left announces , and he remembers now , the conference area with state of the art communication and information gathering abilities .
we waited , the sonderkommando i mean , waited at the entrance to the muster area in front of the gas chambers .
ski walked to the back area of his store and nathan heard him talk with his mum .
the office area was square - shaped with lawyers offices on the outside and personal assistants and researchers grouped in the middle .
he kissed her on the cheek and the four lawyers hustled toward the conference room at the back of the office area .
she turned toward the reception area and elevator .
the activity and chatter of the central part of the office area continued as she emerged from her husbands office .
chapter 9 nathan turned his attention away from the foyer area toward the rest of the house .
the kitchen and dining area were at the back of the house , with a door that lead out to a porch .
okay , on the left i was facing the corner of the bar , so on the right ... i d be ... facing the seating area .
he still had his strength , though he 'd months ago quit fighting , and he could n't have told a living soul who his title as area bully had gone to .
a single lamp burned in back of the house , the kitchen area , with its many mullioned windows .
she had never met her uncle , but was informed he would be displaying in the station reception area a piece of card with her name on .
many of us stand and move to the hall area .
randy , scotty , and ken try moving piles of debris away from the main area in order to make room for the approaching multitude .
i move towards the back of the building trying to find the area where supplies are normally kept .
i move towards the back area of the building , which is sectioned off .
we stop and grab as much as each man can hold , and then carry the supplies back to the main area .
pastor paul and scotty remain in the main area and quietly distribute the bedding .
i notice the exhaustion of our slowing steps as we struggle back to the main area .
i grab a cot and set it up near the separate area where the stacks of rations now rest .
paul greets everyone as he bids us to come in his newly formed meeting area .
as soon as i squat he attacks something in the dark back porch area of the adjacent house .
i look up as i enter this larger storage area .
i shuffle pass them to the meeting area .
i swing the board up and step into the restricted area to meet him .
she helped me set up my own private living area and decorate it .
tiffanys holding hand is leading me to the area called the singles quarter .
i stop by my area and grab some stuff from inside my rucksack , and then head out to the dining area .
i stop by my area and grab some stuff from inside my rucksack , and then head out to the dining area .
i wake early to retrieve my homemade medication before the morning crowd moves into the dining area .
i retrieve some mre wrappers i find in the dining area trash can .
i return to my area and stash the medicine in my rucksack .
i smell the fresh aroma of coffee and head back over to the dining area for a chance at the first cup of the morning .
everyone clamors to guess what it will be about as they conjure around the dining area .
i finish scraping the scraps off my square plate , that was formerly a floor tile , and then hurry to the meeting area .
after breakfast , the volunteers head to the meeting area .
a thick cloud of nervousness , weighed down with stirring anxiety hangs over the main living area as we enter .
i look over towards the dining area and see there is no real rush to eat tonight .
we arrive at the dining area to see moses and katie have already gotten each of us a plate , and a spot to sit .
* * * * * * * * * * randys deputy , ed baines , met josh and amy as they stepped off the elevator outside the surgical waiting area .
amy hugged the elderly deputy fiercely and allowed him to lead her to the waiting area .
the nurse appeared a few minutes later and escorted josh and amy to the recovery area .
bash , can you take a look inside the stables and see if there are a couple of padlocks in the storage area .
he sat down in at the small table in the visitors area and glanced around .
* * * * * * * * randy gazed past josh through the doors into the exam area as they swung open .
she rose and headed back into the exam area .
he took her hand and pulled her toward the waiting area .
randy turned to face amy when they reached the waiting area and said , bash is alive .
ill be in the waiting area .
randy turned to gaze out the windows of the small corner waiting area .
it held his office , a reception area and a conference room .
amy , bash and grace were sitting in the reception area waiting for him .
wait , go back in the shed , and grab those ropes we have for closing off areas .
there was a lot of screaming and cries of pain coming from the guest who had filled the lounge area and total confusion seemed to prevail .
he walked toward the front entrance and in the dim light he could see the roof had collapsed across the entire expanse of the lobby and they were trapped in the existing lounge area .
` ` there is a big pile of new lumber behind the maintenance shed that they were going to use for building a storage area for the new lawnmowers that are on order .
the north end of the lobby was the cocktail bar area and most people had been gathered in that area when the sinkhole started .
the north end of the lobby was the cocktail bar area and most people had been gathered in that area when the sinkhole started .
they could see through the beam of the flashlight a small computer room obviously set up for running the lighting in the lobby and the automated parts of the kitchen and office areas .
it must lead to another collapsed area .
the ground seemed quite stable in the parking area directly in front of the hole so , the truck maneuvered into position and began unloading their equipment .
the water was forcing the swinging door inward and they entered the kitchen with the hope that maybe kathy had been washed into the kitchen area .
just as he cleared the fallen debris and found himself in a larger area he heard a gruff voice out of the darkness .
they knocked over the elaborate display dilford bailey had painstakingly organized and crowded into the small area atop the platform .
they were in a makeshift enclosed area under the fallen section of the roof in the north side of the lobby .
several beams from the roof crisscrossed when they had fallen and were wedged against the back wall near the upraised band area .
the moment frankie heard the voices of the national guardsmen , he pushed steve into the miniature shelter , and they hid until the guardsmen cleared the people out of the fallen roof area .
they started walking out of the enclosed area with the gun still pressed tightly against steve 's neck .
the room was now void of most of the computer equipment due to the tremendous water pressure that had funneled into the small area .
stretched pulled the trigger and the blast echoed in the enclosed area .
ecologists kevin backlin and bill forham have been credited with saving many lives by finding a back exit out of the sunken lobby and leading fireman back through the dangerous area at the risk of their own lives in order to save more than a score of people .
the next step in the crisis process was to set an appointment for the person so that they could begin receiving outpatient treatment.what a lame alternative for carl banner.but carol was out of options.she made her way to the front desk where the schedule book was located.the area had been evacuated.must be after five oclock , or else a fire broke out while i was on the phone , she thought cynically.thumbing through the schedule book , carol grimaced at the full and unyielding pages , noting the next available appointment and filling in carls name .
sitting in the small waiting area , she ran over the past few weeks events in her mind.had she been out of line with the lazy co - worker who refused to complete the crisis call the other day ? was there some logic to vicky 's job transfer that carol could not see ? carol was no longer able to be objective.it was a world gone mad.when the rights of lazy staff were strenuously defended and hard workers were sent into exile , then the laws of physics had ceased to exist , and this was becoming a group effort .
sheila had a special interest in the outcome of this research project , but if some additional dirt could be obtained along the way , it would become another tool to be used to her advantage.she entered the waiting room that had been arranged for the volunteers.to her surprise the room was empty.she opened the door and walked inside the examining room area and met one volunteer on their way out.sheila barely took note of the woman , stepping aside so she could make her way to the door.sheila continued down the hall and entered the room labeledpharmlab.inside , she found a table that was stacked with the volunteers charts , and began reading them.im sorry , but this is a restricted area , '' a voice said , startling her .
no thanks , '' carol answered coming into the little office area .
chapter 11 it was after 5:00 pm on friday and everyone at dominex had left for the start of their weekend.sam reynolds and jeff edwards were walking down the hallway to the area that had been set up for the final research study.we have some interesting data , '' jeff reported , as he reached the door to the lab.both men went inside , and re - locked the door .
dr . donovan and jeff edwards entered the office waiting room.the staff had already arrived , but it was still too early for any monday morning patient traffic.the doctor did not require appointments , so it meant nothing for his waiting room to become standing room only.in a few hours it would become just that.but for now all was quiet and the two men made their way into the exam area and down the hall to donovans private office.on the way through , donovan addressed a pretty young blond girl wearing too much eye makeup and said , peggy , could you bring in two coffees ? ''
ill go see if i can find it , '' the frightened girl said as she ran out of the receptionist area .
barrytolenslooked around the waiting room area and realized that he had created quite a scene.several of the volunteers were looking at him in astonishment .
jerry saw her first and waved when she entered the baggage area .
he hesitated momentarily in front of the remaining dominex patient charts.they were all in need of some repair.the doctor went into the supply room and found an empty box.id rather deal with this now than under the gun later.there were about one hundred and twenty five charts.there had been a lot more study dropouts and patient referrals , however not all of them had made it to his office.some may have gone to their own family doctors.others probably opted for no doctor intervention at all.donovan emptied the two drawers that housed the dominex patient files , and folded the flaps over to seal the box.satisfied with his decision , he carried the box out to the waiting area and returned inside to lock the file cabinet and turn off the lights .
sheila moved over to the living room area and placed chair cushions back on chairs .
sheila and jerry walked quickly to the car.they had parked sheilas car just outside the employees entrance.this was a critical and final move , and they did not want anyone to place them in the area after hours.do you think the doorman suspected anything ? ''
jerry drove while sheila fiddled with the radio.it was her favorite passenger activity.while jagger sang , you ca nt always get what you want , '' he decided that the whole thing would play itself out and all the discussion along the way was pointless.the irony of the song was not lost on either one of them.jerry pulled into the underground parking area and sheila anxiously bolted from the car to evaluate the prize from jeff edwardss office .
mrs . carter , '' pratt continued , will you now read the second highlighted area ? ''
it occupied the corner at tauentzien across from the gedachtniskirche : large for a cafe , with a roomy sidewalk area and a spacious interior for use on inclement days and during the colder seasons .
he 'd made it a place where local writers and artists were welcome to stop and browse and meet ; he reserved a small area in the rear of the store where they could sit and talk and sip the coffee he kept hot for them .
look , weezy said , pointing to the perimeter of the sunken area .
a subterranean wind blew against his face as he scrambled down the white - tiled gullet into the token area .
he pulled the door open and slipped into the storage area at the rear of the kitchen .
she did nt head for her office , but toward the front reception area instead .
an instant later other tires landed directly on the deck - patio area , smashing railings , overturning tables , wrecking the green house .
2 jack had to take a circular route to reach the pickup area , a reluctant mini - tour of the airport .
they were pouring from the baggage area fleeing the far section the section where he d left dad .
he jumped out and dashed across the sidewalk , almost slipping on the shards of glass , and skidded to a halt inside the baggage area .
several envious coworkers made faces as if they were sniffing the air as he walked back into the work area .
he ignored them and kept his eyes on the boarding area .
mark stopped at the edge of the platform and peered down the tunnel past the dimly lit area into the darkness , but could nt see anything .
mark looked back to the station area and loading platform .
mark stepped out into a shop area where repairs were taking place .
chet turned , stretched and walked toward the automatic glass doors that closed off their work area with muted light .
when they emerged gillette was surprised at the amount of light and then remembered the work area was one big room with tall cubicles and multiple windows overlooked the city below .
once , the area had been a swimming pool .
the computers were set on the counter that divided the kitchen area from the rest of the studio apartment .
benes ' gaze flickered toward the kitchen area .
this time benes looked everywhere but the stove area .
in the kitchen area , he checked the oven and the stovetop .
the area behind her counter included a wide selection of snack foods as well as a glass - doored refrigerator of soda and energy drinks .
she tucked a tress of hair behind her ear and surveyed the dining area .
on his way through the maintenance area , aleister collected a wheeled garbage can .
the intruder came nonchalantly into the office area .
he did n't look left or right or scan the office area .
` ` they want to make sure that they have room to do questionable things behind private doors , but do n't mind a couple extra eyes in the public area . ''
instead of going through the lobby , the goons flanked her and subtly herded her through the labyrinthine dining and kitchen areas .
ed could only see one of the men targeting his rifle on the main area of the warehouse .
phone question answered , she gave aleister a ` ` just a moment '' gesture and headed into a storage area .
smith went in advance of aleister , letting them both into the back storage area .
aleister headed into the main area of the store and let smith work .
most of the sergeants , no matter their duties , had or shared a desk on this level ; the more public booking , receiving , and holding area was on the ground floor .
as it was , the corner they stood in in the mostly empty receiving area was probably as secluded as anywhere else in the station .
as i was making my way to the offices , i saw someone moving about near the area where equipment and raw materials are stored .
later that night , just before dinner , we heard thrashing from that area of the house .
there were three places to go : to the right was a dining room and kitchen area , to the left was a living room and a door leading to a basement downstairs , and directly in front of us was a staircase leading to a second floor .
we split into three groups of two and headed to different areas of the house .
she was probably in the break room , or in the print area , or maybe shed caught the red eye to belize with baxter .
we made our way toward the display area and were intercepted by caleb and lacy .
caleb and i walked through the front entrance and into the waiting area .
caleb disappeared into the storage area to search the body bags for caitlin , but we both knew he would come up empty .
i saw some small , metal sheds to the left , an over - crowded rubbish area to the right and at the back were suspended troughs filling with water .
stan stepped into a small , smoky room with a long bar to the right , leather booths to the left and a stage area just large enough for a couple of girls to perform - and they did .
they cleared enough room for them to enter the house and tackle the fire at its worst area .
only use this area to go in and out of the building .
the cameras in this area are broken .
there s a set of stairs in the living room that take you to a little nook ; its our office area .
we scurried through the crowd ; scouting the bar area and finding two large bald men standing guard at the entrance to the bar .
when i turned on the lights of the main area i saw they had completely repainted .
along the stairs leading down to the office and reception area was a small mural with one of those egyptian all seeing eyes .
when i tried to crawl through , i discovered that there was also chicken wire strung up to block anyone from entering whatever area was behind the wall .
88 looked around , the area he was in now was the mess hall .
below this was a highly secure sub - basement level known as the holding area for all arrested syndicate personnel .
straight ahead was the mission prep area , which backed on to a workout area and the indoor gun range .
straight ahead was the mission prep area , which backed on to a workout area and the indoor gun range .
he dressed quickly , but given his tardiness , the rest of the agents had already left the prep area by the time he was ready .
adam eyed the dozens of surveillance screens suspended on every wall of the department area .
that day in the holding area before you and paul caught up to us , i had the shot .
less than five minutes later , he caught sight of her being led by stover towards the reception area .
behind the receptionist is a closed set of double doors leading to the inner office area of the floor .
looking around , he realized the living area had n't given him an accurate sense of who she was at all .
he walked past monica and into the living area .
the living area and dining room flowed together and featured a magnificent floor - to - ceiling wall of windows overlooking the potomac .
the rest of the area had been turned into a wine cellar .
the man looked out the window , perhaps realizing they had just passed the exit for the south parking area drop at the pentagon .
at the same time a loud thud sounded in the trunk area .
olivia handed patrick back to his mother and followed sarah into a small dining area off of the living room after she 'd laid him in the crib .
she scanned the living area for the spot where she always left her purse .
olivia lit a candle in the quaint , shadowy living area of terry 's old cabin and curled up in a rocking chair with a blanket and a hot cup of tea .
alan entered an office attached to the reception area , took off his jacket and hung it on a wooden coat rack .
you could contribute your construction and real estate knowledge to aid in the remodeling of the house and other areas of the property .
in the combined kitchen and dining area , angie was relieved to find a contemporary new stove and refrigerator .
along with a modern - style conference room that sat down the hall ; there were other offices , a lounge area , and a lobby .
the radiation seeped into my living area and it stunk .
the living area was carpeted , had four large sofas , and a flat screen tv attached to the wall .
she passed the storage area in case anyone saw her when she climbed back up .
the close - in spots were taken , and she was the first to park in a more distant area .
she peeked around the corner to see if she could see where roache or monica were , but all she could see was a window and metal door into an office area , and farther down was a row of truck docks .
as he turned , he glanced toward the private seating area reserved for family .
finally caulder turned and walked to the family seating area in a side alcove .
farther into the cabin stood another figure beyond a waist - high partition that separated jesses den from his kitchen and sleeping area .
the enormous master bedroom of danny 's east parkway home had one area for sleeping , and another for lounging .
hearing that saddle trash was setting up to play , he moved through the scorched , irritable crowd on his way to the backstage area to see if caulder raines had shown up with the band .
he ducked in behind a curtain into the backstage area , and immediately spotted caulder giving setup instructions to a couple of stagehands .
although the fire did originate in the basement , its source was in another area .
it was a sprawling , two - story complex , almost as big as some small hospitals , housing a warren of doctors ' offices , hallways , waiting areas , and high - tech treatment rooms .
danny waited a few minutes , then drove to the staff parking area behind the building .
tall front doors opened into a large main stall area .
random patches of posts and wire gave hints of fences that had once divided the farm into areas of specific function and purpose .
it was a shotgun style house , with living areas on two sides and a long , open dogtrot down the middle .
timers that danny probably could n't have located if he needed to had turned on a few discreet lights around the pool and garden area .
man , you 're pissin ' like every ten minutes , '' paul said , quickly cutting his eyes to the darkened rear area of the bar .
paul cut his eyes quickly toward the darkened rear area once more , as a shadow parted from the darkness and came forward quickly .
jack watched him go , and then turned away from the dark area at the rear of the bar .
if she was sitting there in the gloom of the bar area or had migrated farther into the shadows of the living room , i could n't say .
the room itself is arranged with several areas of sofas , tables , and crystal lamps .
the clerk piles the copies onto a cart with a wire basket and , grinning , pushes it down the silent marble floored hall to an elevator then up to the office area .
he gestures to a cloak room were several deposit their coats , check their hair and clothes then return a few moments later to the reception area .
jim gets up , grabs a robe , a towel , some soap , and steps out into the central attic area , beneath the crested eaves of the ancient building 's roof .
beyond , in the distance , around the far wall , are the serving areas , a complex of grills , serving lines , boutique specialty food outlets , vending machines , cashiers and two atms .
the central cafeteria area is sunken relative to the rest of the building .
he heads along this longer path to the coffee shop so as to avoid dodging the maze of tables in the central area .
shaking his head and musing about the torquemada - like torture to come , he moves on to the vending area .
slowly he creeps silently out of his room and peeks down the length of the attic area to be sure the coast is clear .
suspended across the open area are metal scaffolds from which hang lighting arrays , speakers and a large four sided electronic score board .
` ` this area is above the press old box , '' says jim pointing as he and the others peer over the edge .
the dome area is on the other side .
jim and ryan easily blend in with the crowd of students wending their way obliviously past the security area on wide bleached white concrete walkways .
he has a big suite with a private balcony overlooking the indoor pool area .
you know , big pool , some tropical gardens , a lounge and bar area and dining tables all around the pool .
it connects the bar area to the hotel ethernet backbone . ''
phil explains about the special router password for the bar area and andy nods , smiling deviously .
a few minutes later ryan and jim walk to the front entrance and then wander around the pool area giving the place a good looking - over before heading to the bar .
the tiki themed bar area is near the center where the pool ends and the tropical rain forest begins .
outside , phil ties on his apron just as ryan and jim arrive at the bar area .
bader strides out and surveys the forested pool , restaurant , and bar area far below .
once inside the dome , they are in one of the utility corridors surrounding the central field and seating area .
this involves laying down a hard floor over the artificial turf , removal of the goal posts and installation of utilities to the area where the exhibits will be placed .
mark and another agent are at the far end of the dining area .
` ` mark 's guys will control the stage area .
saturday , april 16 , 2022 time : 3:00 pm while jim runs through the tunnels on his way to place the drone transponder , david , mike and ryan park in one of the student lots near ft . truck with a full view of the security area .
they walk casually towards security area and take a seat on some benches near the dome .
in the distance , from a parking lot at the back side of the security area , they can hear the band practicing .
time : 4:00 pm a moment later , the full marching band , complete with cheerleaders , rounds the corner at the far end of the security area and fires up a rousing fight song .
she padded silently , listening to them mutter back and forth about paranoia , until they were in the darkest area of the garage .
she stepped over to the door that led from the kitchen to the dining area and living room and slipped her head around for a peek , without even a little rustle .
he stepped into the visitors ' area , with its cheap furniture and federal utilitarian decor .
a few minutes later a buzzer sounded , and the guard in the visiting area went over to the rear door .
she followed katie through another archway into a smaller gathering area .
near the far windows , a small seating area had been arranged in a tight half - circle , positioned so that the view beyond was not obscured .
it was a small room , not unlike the rooms in the main area of the castle .
her glance had focused on an area to the side of the serving table , in a darkened alcove .
avoiding that door , she followed the hall , passing common rooms and sitting areas , until she entered the front foyer .
the small parking area on her right was packed full of various shiny rental vehicles .
when they emerged into the small seating area across from the double french doors , she slowed her steps .
brunning stood and made his way to the rear of the compartment and the hatch leading to the area where the firewalkers were waiting for them .
check and recheck , and calculation and recalculation had been carried through to the minutest detail , and the couple of hundred excited onlookers were contained well back in designated viewing areas .
little gold plaques made it clear which one opened to the playing area and which one to the cloak room .
breeze closed his briefcase and joined the steady stream of people into the arrivals area .
the white lead paint peeled off the walls of the dimly lit area .
i took the stairs two at a time as i usually do , and opened the door to the reception area .
the reception area looked like time square on new years eve .
the delicious smell of italian food from a spaghetti house on the corner swept through the whole area .
i crossed to the area that served as a part time dance floor , by the jukebox , and waved a hand towards dutch .
rohm eyed one of the plush couches that populated the bank of america hotel and suites living area in this room .
the mayors husband stiffly began to back away to an area of seclusion on the opposite side of where cavetti was standing .
in fact when they begin roping in from all areas of the theatre , prince , like many others in attendance , thought the act was part of the show .
the holding area stank of piss and other waste as the remaining hostages had been forced to urinate in the flower pots that were located within .
the fountains , chris stood erect , taking his chance with inhaling more teargas for the sanctuary of the fountains on the far side of this area .
after you pass underneath the standing area beneath the skating rink , wait ten minutes , and approach the kiddies playgrounds from over by the bicycle trails .
mayor ernestine johnson had been the latest of atlantas mayors to use tax revenue to refurbish most of the picnic areas , plant new trees and spice up the other shrubbery , and extend three of the walking and bike trails .
secondly , the two women joined the fbi ensemble , walked her to the area where they fingerprinted her , snapped several mug shots , and unlocked her wrist and ankle chains and made her shower .
he snatched a gun out of one of his own mens hands , so that he now possessed two , and drew it on the area where carters men had been forced to kneel .
the brass was concerned that someone may make an attempt on her life when we moved her from here to the dc area in the morning , so sheridan came up with the idea to decrease those odds by transporting her out today to lessen that risk .
chris slammed the passenger side door of the car he d bummed a ride in and they dodged afternoon traffic to an area of seclusion so the other two could fill him in .
moving around , near to your back patio area .
i parked the pram in an outside area over to the far left a bicycle shed for prams and lifted grace out .
i positioned myself on the floor , off to the far side of the carpeted area , some way towards the back , being careful not to step on the numerous babies that were exploring the surroundings on all fours .
i moved across to the area of her room that we had set up as a feeding station a comfy chair , side table and a nappy changing platform .
james was concentrating on our approach to the service station , and did nt appear to have really heard me as he negotiated the slip road and turned first right , then left , into the parking area .
the smooth concrete floor was visible only between the racks , the area littered with pallets piled with cardboard boxes covered in clear plastic film .
chapter 12 truck driver mitchell 's job was a collection from freetown airport freight area and another delivery to rocki general supplies in sani abacha street for the attention of mr moses .
but after leading them on foot from the restaurant , guido ushered them into the hotel lobby and , as he left them to gaze at the opulence perhaps wondering who was paying for this , he walked to the reception area .
but , near breda and unable to resist the temptation any longer , he pulled off , went into a rest area and plugged the voice recorder into his own laptop on the passenger seat and listened .
there were a lot of bomb craters on the landing area and several burnt out aircraft but i put the undercarriage down and corkscrewed in between them , not giving a damn whether i landed up or down wind .
a moment later i found myself back on the aerodrome again and set off across the landing area in what i knew was roughly the direction of the main road .
he has ordered a set of white runners to cover the dirty red stained carpet and promises to get ambers maid service to clean the area after the police interviewing .
i turned back around heading into the reception area .
the reception area is connected to the kitchen space for serving meals and refreshments for events .
i strolled down the hallway to the reception area and placed amys bouquet back on the table where i found it .
quincy morgan grunted in annoyance but grace edwards and the others lifted themselves from their seats and silently began the trek to the reserved area .
she turned towards the living room area again .
roxanne went for her cell to call 911 she heard a womanor perhaps a male child scream from an area that they had just left behind .
the bathroom and the shower areas were one of many places where the close circuit cameras were running feeds 24 hours a day .
he called for the guards to escort him back to the holding area with mathew .
she waved her hand at the guards just the opposite side of the room from her for them to take the boy back to the holding area .
he slammed her head against the wall and heard her men enter the area locking their weapons on him .
inside is identical to her own cabin , except that there is no kerosene lamp on the square fold - up table in the kitchen area and the windows are broken , all four , letting in the dust and blowing leaves and pine straw .
she goes out the open back door and on to the cabin behind itsame condition at the first , except for a hardened bag of sugar on a shelf in the kitchen area .
near the back door she can see a kerosene lamp on the table in the kitchen area .
when they wake up the next morning , the milk is sitting on a shelf in the kitchen area .
she eases over to the cot near the kitchen area and sits and unbuttons her shirt and pulls him to her breast .
jake swiped the file into his storage area for later retrieval .
jake walked into the small pilots area and put in a call to marietti .
the main biosphere experimental area was enclosed in a modern ziggurat of stepped triangular glass and steel panels , each designed to withstand impact from outside and pressure from inside .
the glass panels opened the area to the wide expanse of arizona sky .
kitchen to his right , dining area to his left ... lewis finds what he s looking for on the dining room table .
he exits his truck , pulls his heavy - duty coveralls on over his jeans and sweatshirt , takes a couple long swigs from his vodka and vitamin water concoction and walks toward the palletizing area , ready to start his shift .
thomas had noticed a white man , who needed a new suit , trailing his footsteps and stopped to confront him on the reason why before he reached the more secluded and dark areas of the parking garage .
xavier had been told that the officers then walked darwin to the processing area after he finished his statement , careful to step around the first officer who had greeted himand had passed out from seeing the severed head when he sat it on the officers desk .
their conversation had drawn a few curious glances from both staff and parents walking it and out of this area .
thomas found a sign above a door that said , exit to back entrance and parking area .
once they were signed in and admitted to hancock prison , a corrections officer who was a dark cloud on a sun shiny day waved them into the social contact area .
i m sure she was heavily responsible for helping shoot up the courthouse area when serena was sprung during operation deliverance .
special agent tabitha blue told him that keaton or whoever had placed another action figure , or doll if you may , in a tightly fitted area about 20 blocks from where we found the first one .
do nt tell me you were in the goddamn casket , xavier , chris paced within a small area of space .
the houses themselves , well , he 'd read the specs : over 5,000 square feet of living space , six bathrooms , 8 bedrooms , grand foyer , high vaulted ceilings , 12 - seat dining room , wet bar , games room , cinema , wine cellar , alfresco dining area and swimming pool - and that was just the smaller homes along the golf course .
front left was a similar - sized area , with a deep carpet and sofas and coffee tables , for relaxing after a heavy dinner or a tough nine holes .
the cooking area seemed a little small , contained behind an l - shaped counter .
a dining area was beyond the kitchen .
there was a door in the far wall of the dining area , this about halfway across the house , and another door in each side wall .
the house seemed to be a maze , a number of small areas rather than a smaller amount of large ones .
another soldier appeared , this time through the door at the back of the main hall , under the gallery , and quickly she ducked behind one of the sofas in the lounging area .
beyond a swimming pool and dining area , the rest of the garden was grass and stone .
billy passed the pool and dining area and hit the path .
the wooden wall encircled the oval area except for a portion over to the left .
billy moved along the alley and emerged into a massive oblong area with a path down the middle .
they went across the road at a trot and into the garden of number forty one , jostled for position so they could move down the narrow area between the wall and the fence , and trampled single - file through the gate and into the back garden .
however , it immediately occurred to her that the hospital doctors had their own parking area , and this could have been anyone in a white coat , a nurse , restaurant staff , lab people , and at least a dozen others .
he parked in the patients area , as close as he could to the reserved spots for the various consultants .
then , he walked down the quinn azure painted corridor , through the quinn azure decorated living area , and finally reached the quinn azure adorned bedroom .
quinn walked from the bedroom into the living area .
rebecca looked toward the covered parking area .
rebecca walked away from the desk and headed for the covered parking area .
she ran from the outside sitting area and soon was hugging him .
motioning to the outdoor seating area , malcona said , lets have our drinks outside .
elizabeth walked out of the covered area of the coffee shop and stepped down onto the outdoor patio .
she walked to the forward part of the ship and sat down in the covered seating area .
the threesome was now standing in the outdoor eating area .
albert walked through the shopping area along the pier and made his way out to the embarcadero .
albert walked slowly through the public shopping area on the pier .
he walked out of the bedroom , through the living area , and into the kitchen .
stepping back into the floor area normally occupied by the shower , he reversed the sequence and locked the passageway door .
after donning a thick robe , she walked through the bedroom and into the living area .
he could see two thugs running from the forward sitting area .
the duo walked across the hangar to the small , sparse kitchen and sitting area .
veronica had envisioned that particular space as a casual seating area ; a gathering spot where patrons could watch people walk by on the sidewalk .
then , he grilled a large steak for dinner and settled into the aft seating area for a quiet meal .
however , the store blocked any view of the outside dining area .
he closed the application , put away the phone , and returned to the inside seating area .
she was escorted to the car and climbed into the rear passenger area .
jagsy jumped from her arms and onto the dashboard area behind the bridge windshield .
again , he glanced around the area where he sat , just to double check no one was within earshot .
the remaining rooms included the armory and walk - in safe , a large conference room , a common living area , and the computer & communication systems .
beyond the formal areas and the galley , the forward staircase and the command bridge were accessible .
it featured the helipad and casual seating areas around it .
rebecca was sitting on the right side of one of the large leather sofas in the sitting area .
while it was brewing , he removed a cold bottle of water from the refrigerator in the lounge area .
he opened one of the lower cabinets below the bed and pulled out a bag in the far depths of the storage area .
they were connected to the back wall dock and created a u - shaped walking and docking area inside of the cave .
rebecca tied a cleat hitch , similar to a figure-8 , and then climbed back into the passenger area of the boat .
they walked through the kitchen and into the living area .
he moved over to the den area in front of the roaring fire and made himself comfortable in an easy chair .
the remaining four came into the small foyer area one at a time .
... a couple hours later a settled hush came over the six men who sat at the rectangular table in the upstairs loft area .
this area that we walk through presently actually predates the war room . ''
inside westover complex in between the wings a seating area became the scene of an intense firefight .
igor orloff ironically enough led the politicians to the sunken seating area .
once the partition separating the front of the limo from the passenger area went down , that s when sofia would realize she had been done in .
she walked him over to a specified area where he would be standing in front of a blue screen .
the warm sunshine of that particular morning shoved its way into the unprotected living areas that were nt outfitted with blackout shades .
she enjoyed it most though when her routine took her out onto the floor garden / green area which was simply there for the complexs residents to bask in its radiance .
even though he had heard ephraim , he continued to walk past the man and out into a more open area , away from the room he spent the last twenty - four hours in .
baruch stood in the waiting area , wearing an impartial expression to his surroundings .
it appeared someone began to move towards the top landing of a staircase that connected the business with the upper - floor living area .
a long counter lined with neat piles of magazines and flyers separated the customer area from the employee area .
a long counter lined with neat piles of magazines and flyers separated the customer area from the employee area .
in the employee area two black men clicked away at their computers , while a white woman was wading through a sheaf of papers with a fluorescent yellow highlighter .
sara , hana , and his mother were with the rest of the woman in a separate area closed off with panels of fabric .
he passed through the changing area and emerged in a large and airy art deco room .
joe went up some stairs to a ramp that led to the boarding area .
as he stood around the arrivals area , he took an interest in the comings and goings of people .
he would nt get away with indecency in such a public area for long .
the pace of movement around the busy station area was as frantic as ever .
a designated smoking area at one of the myriad of tokyo subway station exits .
a rush of people filing past the smoking area meant another train had come and gone in its endless passage through the bowels of tokyo .
i paid with the change i had in my pockets and i went to the patio , which was a smoking area .
the area where the studio was located looked ghostly at this hour .
after the check - in i moved to the area where caroline could nt follow me .
i went to the waiting area and tried to read it , but i could nt .
i tore my eyes from the mirror and found myself heading into an abandoned warehouse area .
this was in a more sheltered area where we surprised two building security guards who surrendered their guns to louis immediately .
she says , sure , and they walk to a private area .
all of sophies physicians are gathered in one area and turn to look at the former president when he walks in .
timothy discreetly walks back to a secured area of the building .
i caught him in a secured area .
besides , if the kid confuses a restricted area with the cafeteria , he should nt be here .
a couple of them head to the baggage claim area and the rest to the various exits .
and then the tannoy rang , ding dong , the train now approaching ... to draw out those sitting on benches or drinking coffee in the rest areas .
he walked on to take his place sat beside the mayor at the centre of the stage , while his shock - troopers followed to form a standing line behind them along the back of the thin raised area .
the serving area offered a few choices and a huge salad bar .
i ventured my way to the serving area .
behind each desk positioned a workable area that contained all the necessary lab equipment : i recognized some of the equipment from my earlier days at college : each station had a giant sink next to it .
the dining area was pretty busy at this time of night , but it would be slowing down soon .
there was no one in sight , so i picked up a 2009 copy of the private investigator and settled into a reception area chair to wait .
i noticed his snakeskin cowboy boots when he walked up to me in the reception area .
there were no side or back windows in the cargo area .
a heavy black curtain separated the two front seats from the cargo area .
the curtain was split down the center to allow access between the front seats and the cargo area .
there was a computer box and four video monitors , which were mounted to the floor in the cargo area , arranged in a semicircle , and all facing toward the drivers side wall .
i climbed between the seats through the heavy curtain and into the cargo area of the van , where i settled into the swivel chair .
i climbed between the seats to the cargo area , sat in the swivel chair , and turned on the cameras .
i slowly climbed into the drivers seat , started the van , and eased away from the curb , making an immediate right , so as not to go through the area where the curbside activity had taken place .
i centered the front cameras on the gate area and waited .
at the rear of the facility was a large parking area , which contained large trailers , rvs , and other assorted vehicles .
i drove two blocks and reached the main road , just as a line of black suvs entered the area .
i got to the end of the business area and still had not caught up to him .
he flipped a switch that lit up the pool area , and to my surprise , there stood watson , without the sling .
the action moved from my right to my left , as i faced the house , crossing the gap to the area behind the front door .
i leaned to the right to get a glimpse of the area behind the front door .
the video images shook as i landed in the cargo area of the van .
broken boards and bits of flotsam littered the area , and several bodies of union men floated nearby .
rotted shelves hunched against the wall , and broken masonry jars were strewn about the area .
looking around the large reception area of the theater , colorful posters advertising current and future movies screamed , look at me !
i waved a hand toward the office with private written on the door across the reception area of the theater .
we had to cross over to the caf area where schultz was standing with a few other people .
the recessed lighting was dimmed as this was after hours and patrons were nt allowed in this area now .
we walked over to a corner area with a couch and few chairs .
we d had cocktails downstairs in the open area by the caf and i d gone out once to check on baskerville .
no one was around , so we took up our post on the side of the museum where we could see both the front door and the back loading area .
i could see his fetish for detail encouraging him to brush burnt yellow in accent x 's above the windows and in various other small areas that made the whole color scheme pop .
the room was utterly empty except for a chair across the room and a neat cluster of construction tools and supplies ; obviously ian was working on this area of the house .
we finally pulled up near the dispersal area , smoke billowing out of the white hot engine , surrounded by red fire - tenders and ambulances .
the skylight was in a small , flat area on the roof , flanked by a chimney on one side and an old rusty railing on the other .
back at the picnic area , i had , for a moment wished that i could stay there forever , even with ayshea .
she pointed to an area at the far side of the transept , opposite the door we had come in through .
the stairs went straight up in the main wall of the cathedral , until they reached a curtained - off area of the gallery .
before kellen could reply , a noise took their attention away from the sleeping area .
the whole dock area was lit in an orange haze .
kuschenka sat alone , his driver having been siphoned off to a separate waiting area .
the van pulled into what must be a parking area .
the rear doors were opened by two men in uniform , army uniform mcbride surmised , but it was dark outside the van , and the area was lit , but quite dimly .
from the service area , you can walk down the spur road next to it , go under the flyover and onto the city .
ben and mcbride both in the load area surrounded by sacks of potatoes and cabbages .
they should have been in st petersburg by one oclock , but it was two oclock before the nissan pick - up turned off the road and into the service area , pulling up between two heavy trucks already parked there .
mcbride surveyed the parking area .
at the back of the area was a huge toilet facility .
at one time an art school , now a consulate in an area dominated by the cathedral and by government buildings .
i will show you the service area .
i left doris in the underground parking area of the office block and walked to my flat .
i then sat down on my minute balcony facing the harbour and nursed my beer until it was time to fetch doris from the parking area and drive to steve 's place .
at a quarter to eleven , we parked doris in a large hotel underground parking area .
he disappeared into the small bedroom adjacent to the living area and started throwing stuff into army style sacks .
we found that a car in the hertz parking area easily and i drove us down the tullamarine freeway while steve slept all the way into the city .
it had an underground parking area manned by a guard , who let us through once steve , still half - asleep , showed him his badge .
as we were passing through the reception area , the receptionist was still getting her stuff together .
he watched in disbelief on the video screen as a car drove out of the parking lot area , it had to be hoover no one came or left at this time of night.he knew it would be immediate grounds for terminatio ; he just was nt in the mood to fill out all the reports.he thought he had seen it all and he probably had in his twenty years here at the north carolina state prison better known as the conduitno one was sure where the name came from but it just stuck so that s what they all called it.it was a high - security prison ; most of the inmates had committed some kind of violent crime , of course you would never know it by asking any of them .
he could see a grainy image on a computer screen that showed the station wagon pulling into the parking area .
feeling confident when the sports caster came back on and began talking about the redskins again , he shut it off and took a risky venture into the shower area .
it was full of small shops and busy restaurants and right now there was a high school band set up on the pier area near the waterfront and hundreds of parents , and spectators were gathered around .
dever followed a uniformed police officer to the bathroom area where he showed him the remains of a used hair dye box and several receipts from cvs .
he blew through the reception area ignoring the usual faces eyeing him for his reaction .
he had never been past the vault area so he was nt familiar with this part of the building .
they stopped near the vault area that dever immediately recognized from the video .
dever watched as he logged into a computer and a minute later there was stewart in a security guard uniform walking into the same area they were in now .
he tiptoed into the living room area and glanced at the tv .
several thick heavy doors were unlocked , and faye was shown into a small consulting room in the outpatient area of the hospital wing .
i had to go all the way over to the visitors area to do the injection .
chapter fourteen louise waited in lewes prisons gate area .
graham was already in the waiting area , pacing thoughtfully , when faye was shown in .
the factory had a small reception area and a large office where customers could discuss their requiremets .
she passed through the empty reception area to a hallway with a number of doors leading off it and stairs going up to a floor above .
she went in and found herself in an elaborate foyer area with a counter and a bell to ring for attention .
on the way back to seaford , she came off the bypass and took the road that led through the centre of lewes to the police headquarters , and she made her way to the area in which the force archives were kept .
she could see several doors leading off the open plan area , including the main door that she had tried first .
clambering through , they found themselves in a much larger area .
chapter 9 linda rayburn shivered , but it had nothing to do with the air - conditioning in the waiting area at sybil brand , it had to do with her imagination .
she had n't seen past the steel door that separated the waiting area from the prison but linda knew what was there and it made her sick .
` ` so it is possible that in a studio , anyone going about the business of creating art could have accidentally spilled turpentine in that particular area . ''
josie pointed to a rectangular area .
before i left the hall area i also made a notation of the number of matches in exhibit eleven . ''
it looked like all fifty in our group , including the kids from our mini - group , were already in the buffet area eating .
hurry up girls , mrs . j. said , walking into the buffet area .
in the courtyard area , we were met by two metal detector - like machines .
after it ended , i stood in the lobby area by the metal detectors waiting for people from our group to come out of the session .
we walked into a large reception area and a tall , thin , stiff man , with short brown hair and glasses , put out his hand for mrs . j. to take .
i stood up , nervous about the unexpected , and followed him out of the cubicle area , back to the entrance foyer .
between the three stages , near the outside edges of the room , were serving areas that had all kinds of food .
i moved into a makeshift changing area and was shocked to find they had even given me new underwear and a bra .
after changing , one of the men in the van went into the changing area , picked up my beautiful dress and shoes and shoved them roughly into a bag .
i trace my way round my fathers outside living area , into the scrub at the side of the caravan park , some of which has been burnt to cinders .
this must have been the area where my far fell to his death .
thrusting a service sheet into my hand , she ushers me into the main church area .
it reminds me of an enormous danish lagkage , a layer cake , made up as it is the three circular levels of seating around a central pulpit area .
in the archive reception area , lucien presents a list of the files that we plan to review and we are waved into another section of the library , this time , down a flight of steps into the cellar of the building .
we stood in the area where their executioners would have cocked their guns , ready to fire at the white material placed to pinpoint th prisoners hearts .
i watch the assembled crowds of ordinary danes and dignitaries from my viewpoint at the back of the main compound area .
i slip my hand gently into his as we wander through the candlelit areas , towards the darkness beyond the compound gates .
carrying a tray heaped with burritos and tacos , bobby scanned the seating area .
he pointed to a pulsing red area just east of sacramento .
` ` are you saying that all those cabinets are empty , that no one inspects that area at all ? ''
are you aware that every piece of computer and communication equipment was logged into and out of that area during construction ?
the rest of the third floor was living area , with kitchens , bedrooms and bathrooms .
that was a storied area for hawaiians , kanani said .
they passed through a secure check - in area without stopping , overseen by men who wore civilian clothes but walked and watched like guards .
the center of the living room , he saw , had a sunken , circular area , as if a giant hot tub had been dropped down into the room .
hey , he heard and a man rose from the sunken area .
they shook hands and krieger ushered alex down to the sunken area , which held four high - back rattan chairs and a table that was the cutoff end of a wine barrel .
twenty minutes later jerry was sitting alone in the sunken area of a spacious living room off one end of the main house .
the area had four of the chairs and a half - end of a wine barrel for a table .
claude morales had sidled into the room and stood at the edge of the sunken area , his arms folded at his chest .
now the four of them were in the sunken area , facing each other in the high - back rattan chairs like four mister rourkes in some twisted episode of fantasy island .
it read , in black letters on white background : off limits authorized military personnel only * * * * twenty - seven pohakuloa training area , the sign read in the bottom corner .
to the left was a small kitchen area that grew dusty from disuse .
ryan slate came out of the bathroom area and handed alex a bag of ice .
a young receptionist sat in the rear of a small lobby area and held a telephone in one hand and was writing information on a pad with the other .
after jerrick had passed through passport control and russian immigration , he saw lidya standing in a waiting area .
ceiling panels in the kitchen were in good condition , so he exchanged these with the broken ceiling panels in the bar area .
jerrick and jennifer sat at a table in the far corner in the food court , opposite the childrens play area and the food counters .
rest of the party like dan and chad played billiards in the common area of the moose club .
invasion of mexico the president met jennifer and james gordon at jennifers office , located at the end of a spacious work area .
behind , the siren stopped howling but doug , who was facing the rear said he could see people running in the lit up gate area .
a muffled thump , thump came from the middle area of the boat , probably in the area of the cabin .
a muffled thump , thump came from the middle area of the boat , probably in the area of the cabin .
though none complained , it was obvious several were finding the walk difficult after their initial treatment and wounds ... ` ` i think a break for breakfast would be a good idea , '' erika said when they arrived at another intersection of tunnels with a wide area the size of a classroom .
for one , the light was on in the living area and her body clock told her it was the early hours of the morning .
i looked to my left across the huge , multi - levelled expanse of the reception area .
your vehicle is ready and waiting in the dispatch area .
the platform stopped at the dispatch area which was identified by a very helpful sign .
the communal area of the vessel was small but it felt almost like home .
aeniah and sean were nowhere to be found and so we wandered about the communal area , eating and talking .
we all sat comfortably in the communal area and told the ship to reach the atmosphere and break orbit .
rotting timbers lay scattered across the old pig rearing area .
with leona off , maggie will have to manage the back stage area .
picking up the bags , he walks into the reception area and finds it deserted , but there is the sound of a television playing in an office at the back of the reception area .
picking up the bags , he walks into the reception area and finds it deserted , but there is the sound of a television playing in an office at the back of the reception area .
the main door swings open and an older couple come into the reception area .
the garden is long and thin , hedged on both sides with an old , mossy path of paving slabs running down the middle from a small patio area by the house .
crossing at the lights , they cut through the back of bideford 's narrow , overhanging streets and hit the pedestrian shopping area .
the carpet in the downstairs bar area is dark and pock marked with cigarette burns and as bex and leona walk through the club they find their shoes sticking to the carpet .
the drinking areas downstairs are divided by metal grates and there is hardly any furniture .
upstairs there is a small bar area and a narrow balcony that runs around three sides of the building .
the groups of boys and girls in the drinking areas are gradually getting squeezed into ever smaller spaces .
bex and leona leave two empty bottles on the floor where they have been standing and move along the balcony so that they can see the dance floor and the bar area downstairs more clearly .
the boys squeeze out from the balcony and make a gap in the crowded bar area for the girls to squeeze through .
clubbers on the dance floor and in the bar area are staring , all of them making the same basic assumption ; stupid , pissed up kids with one mother of a hangover on the cards .
as bex is wheeled away past the main treatment area towards the lifts the urgency and the work rate in the crash room subsides .
by half past four the two detectives from the club are in the waiting area and are reading through the report .
their footsteps echo off matt blue walls as they pass wards and treatment areas signed in white lettering on blue metal .
billy sits in a waiting area in a corridor outside the main unit .
as she picks up his cup and heads off towards a small kitchen area behind the nursing station billy leans back and stretches his legs out .
in the cafeteria he pays for his coffee and selects a table by a window that looks out onto a small garden area .
reflected in the glass billy watches dave and carol leave the serving area with a pot of tea on their tray and pay the old girl on the till .
ken inspects the kitchen area .
billy only has a few steps to go until he is safely inside the hospital reception area .
the majority of people in the main reception area are middle aged or older , which , alex thinks , is how things should be .
he is facing the main serving area at the entrance to the room and tries to lose himself in the football reports , but he s never really followed any one team .
there have been one or two glances directed at billy as he hurries out through the plate glass doors that lead to the drop off area , glances that follow a marked man .
his foot slips in the mud by the side of the track leading into the parking area and he falls into a blackthorn bush , which whips at his hair and impales him on its thin black barbs .
he finds a field gate with a large turning area and parks the mondeo there .
ken follows his boss down the stairs , stopping for a moment by the door to the ground floor area of the old barn to listen for signs of life .
the side door to the service area was still open .
the door opened into a nicely appointed sitting area .
easing down a particularly narrow corridor between stacked crates , he moved slowly into the more open area at the end of the row .
he put the stepladder back where he d found it , locked the door and returned to the shed , coming in as if from the parking area .
he closed the door behind him and started toward the parking area .
brad allowed himself to be ushered into a small reception area facing a short hall with narrow offices on either side of it .
brad smiled , pointing across the crowded parking area toward the offices of air express .
brad knew he would nt be missed as he drifted to his left into the warehouse area .
entering from the parking area , he strode purposefully up the stairs .
with a last glance at alfredos door , he started back down the stairs to the parking area .
from the entry way to the parking area he watched .
it was essentially one large room with sleeping and kitchen areas separated from the living room by chin - high partitions .
as josie closed the door behind them , they both saw alfredo leap down the last four steps and dash into the hallway to the parking area .
once clear of the parking area , he noted with pleasure the feel of heavy - duty shocks and the powerful engine .
james coasted into the lot , rolling to a halt behind a row of cars lined up before the reception area .
two hard plastic benches lined the wall across from a glassed in reception area , not unlike a bank or a forex bureau .
he took a table under a thatched rotunda facing the registration area , with quick access to the stairs leading down to the bungalows and the beach .
one of the men leaned in and maximized a window for a security cam watching over a recreation area at an exxonmobil facility in calabar .
the main , glassed in seating area overlooked a marshy pond .
not quite , said archie , scanning the baggage claim area .
the wallpaper was torn or covered in graffiti , and the carpet in most areas was now stained with mildew , blood , sweat , and varying other human and natural wastes .
she moved across the barren central area of the escape , shuddering as she recalled her recent subconscious encounter in the location .
kaylee nodded before walking through the dark lobby area .
she turned and walked around the corner , pushing the enormous stage curtain aside to the backstage area .
it was mostly empty ; a few chairs , boxes , and scenery flats in various states of disrepair lay scattered about the area .
the long hallway ended in another reception area , complete with a similar desk and two wings .
different from the civilian section of the institute , the inquisition area held three elevators at the north end instead of a set of doors .
questions came about elijah , what he knew about the other community and faction leaders like sergei and desmond , locations of dwellings , rough layouts of certain areas , weapons capabilities : all of them rattled by .
as she turned the corner , towards the backstage area of the theatre , she heard , ` ` good luck ! ''
` ` thanks , '' she muttered , passing through the highland stage area , this time too wrapped up in her thoughts to look around or absorb the grand , empty space .
if lange did indeed live in the area above the council room , he probably did n't want to be disturbed .
it was the lobby area for some risqu - themed spa whose painted title on the wall had long since been tarnished into unreadability .
she stumbled through a swinging door into the female locker room , sprinting through the area .
she plowed through the back door into a lounge area .
there were pillars supporting several tiers of balcony that wrapped the open area in a square - shape .
they walked through a bar area where dozens of people , mostly men with a few women , sat chatting , drinking , and smoking with some rock music playing from a speaker by the counter .
through the bar , they passed through a set of thick , frosted - glass doors into a lounge area with a circular stage , which was empty save for a few poles extending into the ceiling .
the stage dancer had disappeared behind the curtain , and several of the other people in the area were on their feet , watching .
a bucket in the corner was overflowing with waste , which in turn was tracked about the area ; traces of it spattered the walls .
he heard the door screeching closed as he neared the entrance to the backstage area .
one led to the entryway , and the other came out into the living room area .
michaels opened his mouth with a barbed retort ready to spill out when a loud klaxon blared through the warehouse area .
in most places , layers of steel , hard wood , or even city streets were more than enough to make the ceiling areas mostly impenetrable .
she passed right by the kitchen area without pausing to consider what manner of delicious food could be found within it .
gottfried said as he walked out of the bunker area .
it seemed that servants seldom entered that particular chamber , and it was only by observation and assumption that jeffrey thought that the meeting area was through the elevator in the inquisition building , near the apex of the spire .
the servant nodded and shuffled off down the way , heading over towards the living area .
there were four thinner ones attached to a larger one in the center for each device as the mixing area .
a few other people milling around the lobby area stood far clear of the white - coated man and his entourage of inquisitors .
he reached the hallway near the main lobby area , hearing shouting .
satisfied that the area was at least moderately secured , rick strolled over to the desk once more , running his fingers along the deep impacts that his weapon had made .
they moved along the walls behind the columns surrounding the immediate area , which was empty save for a receptionist and a guard on duty at the doors on either side , with two at the back .
in front of him and his men was a fairly long hallway that opened up into the lobby area for the inquisition wing , and it was perfect for an ambush .
still without pause , he passed into the lobby area .
turning another corner , he started down the last stretch towards the lobby area .
he neared the lobby area .
* * * * * * * * * * chapter 3 etr is going to ruin us the ems was on the scene within minutes and quickly entered the area underneath the ride .
as elijah exited the children 's area , he met up with becca who told them that the two testers really did n't have anything to say that was n't already known .
the machine under dan 's massive work area coughed and started and then hissed .
she made her way into the busier part of the shopping area where she was shoulder to shoulder with the people around her .
the layout of the apartment was open ; the kitchen , dining , and living area was one oversized room .
the living area was dim with the wall of windows covered by the blinds .
she glanced around at the dark living area and hallways , instantly feeling lonely .
once she thought they were coming to an active area , but there were no other persons in the halls or rooms as far as she could see .
madison slipped off her shoes and wiggled out of her coat as she scaled the seats and headed for the cargo area .
* * * the bus depot i was dropped at was the same large facility as the train station , was the train station , properly , i supposed , the area for buses just an offshoot to one side .
i was sitting in the boarding area for my particular bus , which i still kept calling train , calling myself a buffoon .
i did nt notice anybody else who seemed to be keeping an eye on things , nor did i notice anybody paying me particular mind , which i was worried about because even though i tried i could nt keep my eyes off of the boarding area , could nt just glimpse it now and again , i lapped it incessantly , poked and poked and poked .
the area emptied , the passengers were all seated , the driver was finishing out his cigarette with the others .
three floors seemed dedicated to study rooms , but every floor also had large areas set asideeven partitioned off i saw when i started walkingfor quiet work .
i d no idea what i could do , backed up into the little closet area just inside the door , up against the wall that shared the door , at the very least concealed .
* * * pacing , a simpleton little patter of my feet in a short circle in the little closet area , trying to focus , get an idea of how much time had passed since i d burst into the room .
i tottered backward , stood in the squat hallway area , shrugged off my coat , clumsily kicked at it until it was out of the way , got my shoes off , using only my feet to do so , removed my belt , dropped my pants , stepped out of them , steadied myself against the wall and , bringing my knees high , got out of lecias panties .
i had the fifty closed in my hand , balled it and balled it , put the bourbon cork in my mouth , blew out , watched it arc over into the parlour area , hit the carpet someplace , invisible , silent .
i had nt paid attention to which line we were on , but i was nt directly familiar with it and soon we were in areas of the city completely foreign to me .
i heard her stand and looked up as she entered the parlor area .
-here , well go around back this way , he touched my shoulder , a friendly pat , and we wound around , down a lope of hill , to the shared parking area behind the houses .
donald laughed , said too kind and we got into a living room area , fairly well appointed , but oddly not put together , no thought really to the layout of the sofa and the small tables , the books were partway lined on the shelves , partway in odd side turned stacks .
i milled with the other people waiting for their drinks , took mine when it was offered and found , soon , i was sitting in a chair by a short little bookcase in an area designated for reading .
the block of flats- sorry , apartment building- she lived in had a community area on the ground floor .
kathy could imagine him walking briskly through her living room - kitchen area : his brogue shoes treading purposefully on the carpet ; his thin lips curled into a grimace of disdain .
douglas led his party through one of the many doors leading out of this main area and into a conference room .
a pool of blood began to form below where his head had fallen , permanently staining the nice woollen carpet in this area .
she continued inwards as the foyer area merged with the living room where a great fireplace , though not lit at the moment , took center stage .
the sofa and chairs were oversized and draped in hand woven rugs while recessed lights gave the whole area a soft glow .
two maids were cleaning the bar area in the background .
he asked knowing there were three different areas in the house that were possible locations .
they passed by large storage areas with hundreds of cargo containers and winded back into smaller streets until coming to a rest in front of a fenced in warehouse with a simple sign reading barrion imports .
he motioned towards the right , into an open area near the closet sieb had been held in .
when these displays were ignored by mr . wendelson , who , instead , proceeded to order his first course , and a particularly fine bottle of wine , as i recall , metzs performance became more and more dramatic , until he was physically throwing himself around the dining area , clasping at his neck as though he were unable to breathe , and mimicking - very accurately in my opinion - all the stages of a man experiencing a severe fit or seizure , much to the alarm and consternation of neighbouring diners .
even if martin had not already recognised the distinctive features of the man who now approached himself and garnet from across the expansive foyer of the korean hotel reception area , he would have been prepared to bet that he was not going to enjoy the company of the new arrival .
the actual area designated as a public viewing platform only extends to approximately halfway across the total expanse ; the remainder of the roof is a shallow pond of water , pumped up continuously from the river below , and culminating in the spout of the chin cascade .
the solitary bar tender appeared to have shut up shop for the night ; chairs had been stowed on top of , or in some cases , underneath tables , and a latch , more ceremonial than functional , had been drawn across the swing top counter of the bar , inhibiting passage between the area reserved for customers and the quarters which were the exclusive preserve of staff .
neither did anyone know when the ceremonies were determined to commence : a steady stream of people had begun to assemble around the perimeter of the enclosure fence soon after sunrise , all pressing forward in an attempt to gain the optimum view of the lofty stage area .
a large white cross , chalked across the dry grass , close to the stage area , suggestive of a helicopter landing pad , supported the theory of vip visitors .
since his arrival into the catacomb world of the staff - only service passages and private , by special clearance ante - chambers , which both mirrored and surrounded the public - access areas of the main airport terminal building , a realm invisible to the vast majority of the travelling clientele , martin had set about his appointed role with alacrity .
what had initiated the current chase had been a heated confrontation between the two men in the baggage storage area ; the reunion of garnet wendelsons principal servants had not been an amicable one .
his fellow workers had all vacated the storage area : the baggage successfully dispatched , their job was done until the next flight landed .
at the same time that he had voiced his words of denial , he had thrust the container violently towards drisdale , causing that man in turn to stumble and fall awkwardly , and had then taken off , at top speed , racing around the obstacle course of wooden pallets and temporary shelving which furnished the baggage storage area , still grimly clasping his opponents suitcase , determined to reach the doorway which gained access to the airport runway and the objects of his own veneration , his beloved passenger jets .
the poor old air conditioner wedged into the back wall of the room was struggling to maintain its dignity by cooling off the area .
he trailed chuck into an expansive open area .
on his right was an elaborately decorated , but comfortable looking living room area that featured a large fieldstone fireplace .
they passed through the crowded bar that featured a mariachi band , before exiting into a patio area .
the cavernous area looked like an airplane hanger , taking up the entire top floor of the barn , about the size of a football field .
they moved into the kitchen area .
he ran through the living room area , toward a side door .
he careened through the entrance of calf pasture beach , bouncing over a lawn area , scraping park benches , and luckily missing the stout trunks of the large oak trees that lined the entrance .
but they were going to the third sectionthe underground citythirty kilometers of tunnels that networked the citys shopping , dining , and major event areas .
in this one , she had to be as quiet as she could as they followed bronson into the area inside the church where bessettes tomb was on display .
she tied her hair into a ponytail , which was the dana equivalent of rolling up the sleeves , and ran back to the kitchen area .
she stood by her bmw at the edge of the parking area , her ringlets of dark hair blowing in the stiff breeze .
after leaving the garden area , they entered a path that trailed through a thick , wooded area , eventually arriving in a meadow - like clearing .
this is our recreational area , miss rose beamed .
before him , sitting in a waiting area , sat a man , woman , and a child , thinking they were about to board the getaway train .
there were fewer than ten people in the waiting area .
jordan arrived at the parking area .
and up ahead near the picnic area , jordan was engaged in a heated conversation with the man in the wheelchair .
his destination was the parking area outside of the duke medical school , where they d left their vehicle the day before during their jordan stakeout .
he glanced into the dining area where dana was patiently tying carolyns shoe .
the pretentious - looking woman sat by herself at the far end of the dining area .
a few moments later , another woman entered the busy dining area .
during a quick pit - stop at a rest area outside of binghamton , new york , billy became suspicious of a short , grandmotherly looking woman feebly using a cane .
outside the shop was a huge garden area filled with plants of many colours and types .
the kitchen area was small and cosy .
behind the roped off area , paparazzi photographers were gathered and sashas first instinct was to run away from them ; but dana gripped her hand and forced her into posing .
it was more like a suite than a bedroom , with a small living area and its own bathroom .
it clearly showed the x - type jaguar patty used to ferry herself round town , pulling up near the gated area of the dock .
the same was true for the shared office area the chemists had ; it was nt hard to know which desk belonged to steve .
while others brought in photos , artwork , calendars and other things , his area was sparse and uninviting .
once he was certain there was no imminent danger , he cleaned up his desk area and made sure that everything was locked up .
bill worked in the sports area , handing out equipment and sometimes teaching classes on basic physical fitness to some of the elderly that visited .
he stopped in the lab for a few seconds to make sure everything was as it should ; next weeks experiments already started , and then locked up the office area .
we have metal detectors at the door but a lot can happen in a work area .
the warden just gave me a saturday job working in the recycling area .
in the area adjacent to the lab was a well equipped machine shop with a mill , lathe , band saw and grinder .
they shuffled out of the room when the meeting was called to an end , robert still sitting in his chair , not interested in all of the small talk that accompanied a walk back to their work area , which was in another building on the campus .
making his way through breakfast , he went to the recycling area and checked through the metal detector .
the paper area had the most material to go through so he started a new table and grabbed a box to sort .
he preferred to spend his evenings in his cell as opposed to trying to hang around the common area where the prison gangs gathered under the auspices of being sports fans .
the hotel monaco was as majestic as it looked on the web , steve thought as he pulled up to the valet area .
bill went to the visitation area and wanted to turn and run .
steve would call tomorrow and request a big delivery , he could roll the overhead door in the area adjacent to the lab and make it easy .
he was responding to another request when the door chimed , indicating that someone had come in and there was commotion in the main area outside his office .
well be staying at the hotel you were at last time and working out of an area that s easily accessible from the white house and capitol building , hidden off some of the connecting tunnels so we do nt attract too much attention and can efficiently deliver the virus to those who matter most .
robert was pacing nervously around the production area downstairs , anxious to get on the road .
with one final look at towards the seating area , he was gone .
she heaved each of the chimpanzees over the barricade into the residential area .
modifications made to the internal structure in one of the cargo areas created an underground office building .
a casually dressed woman entered the restaurant and started to peer around inside the seating area .
` ` i will be landing and standing in the baggage area at three o'clock sharp . ''
his vision , now more accustomed to the darkness away from the fire , scanned the half - mile open area before him trying to spot any shadows moving that would indicate a deer herd had wandered onto the landing area .
from inside the screened area a yellow light illuminated a wood swing and two chairs .
it was the kitchen and dining area .
as the three entered the kitchen area , gail pointed to the stove , ill get something started over here .
gail asked from the kitchen area .
a wall with a glass partition separated the two areas .
he led gail down the hall to the dining area .
chuck eased the jeep forward and saw the front half of a vehicle backed into a small side slot area near the bridge .
the rear wheels plunked into an empty area where the front wheels had knocked the boards out and dangled there a moment .
blake pointed to the employee parking area .
as blake and jacobs worked the private cars in the employee parking area , blake yelled , barton is an fbi agent ?
while running back toward the main parking area , blake put two fingers between his lips and issued a shrill , piercing whistle .
chuck worked the bolt action of the rifle , never taking his eyes off the barn area .
jacobss voice yelled from the front yard area of the house blake ?
a bright floodlight switched on and the area lit up .
police officers herded the other hookers into a holding area as samantha turned her attention to her patients .
running over to where the front porch used to be , joe slipped on the pair of gloves before hefting debris from the general area .
he felt like a tiger jumping through a flaming loop at a circus as he forced his way through the blown out area .
amber lamps flicked on and off as people moved from one area to another like researchers at a library .
we noticed it from the garden , and upon closer inspection saw where our painter - trot , we still presumed - had worked his way up to the fifth board from the bottom and had applied the first coat to an area about the size of a small window .
they placed the baskets on the porch , careful to avoid the painting area , and went inside .
the two sets of rear doors opened to the inside into a large , rectangular entrance area .
the open area narrowed and led into the hall .
surveying the room , he noticed in front of him the railing , or bar , as lester called it , which separated the general public from the area where the judge , jury , witnesses , lawyers , defendants , and clerks sat and worked .
back down the aisle , he returned to the holding room and tried the other door , which led to the area behind the bar where the trial took place .
from the landing halfway down the steps , he could see the rear doors of the courthouse and most of the entrance area between the doors and the hall .
the area around the rear door downstairs was sealed and guarded .
reporters crammed into the room , which overflowed and trailed down the hall to the reception area , where ethel rudely ordered them to sit and leave her alone .
ozzie allowed carl lee early entrance to the recreation area so he could assume the best picnic table , the one with four legs and a shade tree .
the group ` ` oohed '' and ` ` aahed '' over the children 's center , scattering among the pristine workstations and play areas .
the pilot escorted langdon to a black peugeot sedan in a parking area beside the control tower .
she motioned sadly to a laser - printed memo tacked over her father 's work area .
her father 's work area looked in order .
eerily , the area around the canister was almost entirely dark , as if the antimatter were in a closet or darkened room .
but vittoria knew if news of the vatican predicament leaked out , the entire area could fill with onlookers in a matter of minutes .
macri sat in her work area in the back of the van finishing a phone call with london .
the fact that the missing security camera was stolen from a public access area - a stairwell in one of the museums - clearly implies that the intruder had limited access .
therefore he would only have been able to relocate the camera and antimatter in another public access area .
the search of vatican city 's public access areas so far had yielded nothing .
they were nearing the niche of the palliums - the sunken area in the center of the basilica .
he was not surprised ; the canister , according to the video feed , was hidden in a dark area .
rounding the second bulwark to the west , langdon arrived breathless in a small parking area off lungotere angelo .
as he climbed , the light from the prison area faded away .
on the far wall , beyond the sitting area , was a huge door made of iron .
the two bbc reporters had apparently been crossing the open square on their way back to the press area .
he could have placed the antimatter on st . peter 's tomb - a highly restricted locale - and then commanded his guards not to waste time searching the vatican 's restricted areas .
the camerlegno felt himself drawn ... faster ... descending the stairs into the sunken area where the ninety - nine oil lamps shone brightly .
she ghosted through a crowded dogleg corridor and came out in a reception area the size and shape of a baronial hall .
a woman stepped out of the kitchen area , from behind a half - wide dividing wall so abbreviated that it could n't have offered accidental concealment .
he was rushing around in a crowded work area heavy with the stink of chemicals .
there was a miserable public viewing area with a wide internal window backed by a venetian blind .
mauney passed it by and headed through a door to a storage area .
the reception area doors were closed .
then he faced front and put both hands on the wheel and aimed for the reception area doors .
she had dug through the wreckage of the reception area and crawled under the crashed chrysler and in about fifty seconds flat she had come up with solid gold .
there was a flatbed truck backed up to the wrecked reception area .
she picked her way through the mess and stood on the shallow step outside the reception area for a moment and then headed back toward her toyota .
there were small walled - off offices on the right and a big open - plan work area on the left , behind a floor - to - ceiling plate glass screen .
the work area had long laboratory benches and bright lights and complex extraction ducts on the ceiling to control dust and a grounded metal grid on the floor to control static electricity .
dragged him out from behind the desk , out of the office , down the hallway , into the open area .
nobody spoke as the men opened the back of the truck , climbed up on the hydraulic tailgate , and went into the cargo area .
` ` this area is still off limits to louvre security , '' fache said .
turning his head to the right , he gazed into the south transept , toward the open area of floor beyond the end of the pews , to the object his victims had described .
on the third swing , the covering finally shattered , and stone shards fell into a hollow area beneath the floor .
` ` not the cargo area .
rather than driving to the front door , langdon pulled into a parking area nestled in the evergreens .
beside her , teabing glanced over his shoulder at the bound and gagged monk lying in the cramped luggage area behind the back seat .
unable to inhale through the strip of tape over his mouth , he could only breathe through his nostrils , which were slowly clogging up due to the dusty rear cargo area into which he had been crammed .
the dignified surroundings , however , did little to camouflage the less than dignified state of affairs in the rear of the plane where , in a separate seating area near the rest room , teabing 's manservant remy sat with the pistol in hand , begrudgingly carrying out teabing 's orders to stand guard over the bloody monk who lay trussed at his feet like a piece of luggage .
quickly checking the bathroom , the chairs , and the luggage areas , the inspector found no traces of anyone hiding ... much less multiple individuals .
faith 's chapel chapter house langdon and sophie were jogging as they passed beneath the sign , moving too quickly to notice the small announcement apologizing that certain areas were closed for renovations .
everyone in the reception area gaped in wonderment at the half - naked albino offering forth a bleeding clergyman .
rosslyn 's rugged spires were casting long evening shadows as robert langdon and sophie neveu pulled their rental car into the grassy parking area at the foot of the bluff on which the chapel stood .
as the maitre d ' led the senator 's daughter across the dining area , he was embarrassed by the gauntlet of male eyes following her ... some discreet , others less so .
they passed a rudimentary living area lined with cots and chemical toilets .
tolland pointed kitty - corner across the dome to a far wall where a press area was being set up .
he motioned for rachel to follow him toward the neighboring work area .
unsure of what to expect , rachel followed tolland into the work area .
22 prize - winning astrophysicist corky marlinson ushered rachel and tolland into his work area and began sifting through his tools and rock samples .
to make sure our core dating measurements are accurate , we check multiple areas of the ice sheet to confirm that the area is one solid slab and has n't been disrupted by earthquake , fissuring , avalanche , what have you . ''
everything is falling into place , he told himself as he headed across the dome to the work area of michael tolland .
` ` when you 're done editing , '' ekstrom said , ` ` bring the finished product over to the press area .
when he arrived at the north wall , he was encouraged to find the habisphere 's ` ` press area '' had come together nicely .
ekstrom was pleased to see the mood in the press area was one of celebration .
he walked over to several cardboard boxes sitting on the ice behind the press area .
33 enjoying the darkness , paleontologist wailee ming sat alone in quiet reflection at his private work area .
the labyrinth of deserted work areas now felt like a ghost town , the entire dome taking on an almost sepulchral feel .
he blinked his eyes , stared again , and then quickly turned his gaze across the dome ... fifty yards away toward the mass of people celebrating in the press area .
he started off at a hurried pace toward the press area .
arriving at the illuminated press area , he delivered the disk to the nasa media technician in charge of overseeing the presentation .
tolland stood in the brightly lit press area and surveyed the convivial nasa personnel toasting the meteorite with cans of canadian beer .
if they felt half as drained as he did , they should be in the bunking area grabbing a catnap before the big moment .
unnerved by the darkness around her , she headed instinctively for the illuminated press area .
as rachel approached the dramatic press area , she imagined the impending announcement and could n't help but wonder if her father really deserved the presidential steamroller that was about to blindside him , crushing his campaign in a single blow .
the crowd in the press area was jovial .
most important , the map room was a passageway into the west wing - the area inside the white house where the true powerbrokers worked .
tolland glanced across the dome toward the crowd gathered around the press conference area .
she stormed over to a nearby supply area and began collecting some tools .
he found administrator ekstrom alone near the press area .
on the blue rug in the press area inside the nasa habisphere on ellesmere island , administrator lawrence ekstrom was seated at the center of the long symposium table , flanked by top nasa officials and scientists .
heart pounding , gabrielle pulled open the door and stepped into the dimly lit area beyond .
the space was a wide open work area that reminded her of a college physics laboratory : computers , work islands , electronic gear .
the entire area was dark except for an office on the far side of the lab , where a light shone under the door .
senator sedgewick sexton felt larger than washington itself as he stepped from his limousine and strode like a lion toward the press area awaiting him at the base of the monument .
she strode toward the press area .
now they had an eight - foot by six - six flat padded area .
families lived there , the adults in pairs in small cubicles behind the partitions , the children in an open dormitory area .
' that 'll be just a moment , mrs st george , ' she says , and goes to the back of the tellers ' area to pull the accounts .
they were almost a mile from their target area , because of the terrain .
it made one more stop , at a comfort area named for the colorado river , where sodas were consumed and a call was made from an untraceable payphone .
there was a closed - off area at the far end , which he guessed was the bathroom .
the jukebox was near the pool table , and beyond it was an area with small round lounge tables surrounded by stools padded with red vinyl .
there was a dressing area , and a spacious bathroom , and a sitting room with a sofa and two armchairs .
he wandered back to the sitting area .
he filled a mug with coffee and wandered into the dressing area .
moved back to the sitting area .
wrapped the towel around him and stepped back into the dressing area .
there was a lit doorway in the back wall at semi - basement level with two cement steps leading down from a parking area .
the legal missions all had rows of desks facing the store windows with customer chairs in front of them and waiting areas inside the doors .
a parking area made from raked gravel .
there was an entry door from the stairwell that led to a narrow passage that passed through a wooden gate into an open area used as a secretarial pen .
the public areas and the staircase had no air - conditioning .
there was a narrow living room with a kitchen area in back .
* * * reacher took the heckler and koch and the maps of texas and the fedex packet out of the vw and carried them into alice 's house , straight through the living room and into the kitchen area .
he flung an arm around rick 's shoulder and led him to the dining area , where drinks were waiting -- just two pals arm in arm .
south of houston the bowery had organized itself into a sequence of distinct retail areas .
he walked away , clear of the busiest areas , and found a quiet spot .
because he trapped himself inside a building , down at street level , in a congested area , with a much harder shot , in a place whose very nature made it the best crime scene a twenty - year veteran like emerson has ever seen . ''
then a doctor showed up and led them to a small waiting area .
the doctor was a tired man of about thirty , and the waiting area had chairs made of tubular steel and green vinyl .
the waiting area went quiet .
she stood still for a moment and then looked right , looked left , and walked slowly toward the waiting area .
then the waiting area went quiet again and stayed quiet for ten long minutes .
she walked straight back to the waiting area .
they went in together through a restricted area and found a security office that looked out over the whole arrivals hall through one - way glass .
helen rodin rode down two floors in the elevator and met ann yanni in the nbc reception area .
the stone - crushing plant would conceal his staging area and leave him only two hundred yards of open ground to cover .
counter had hovered dangerously over the red area at 4500 .
beyond the scrap of cardboard , he noticed the man slip into one of the row of telephone booths in the main hall outside the customs area .
when they came out pn the steps , an anonymous black mercedes 300 se saloon pulled smartly out of the parking area and slid to a stop beside them .
it had taken bond nearly an hour to extract his single suitcase from the customs area , and he had emerged fuming into the central hall only to be jostled and pushed aside by an excited crowd of young japanese bearing paper banners that said ' international laundry convention ' .
the crowd parted unresentfully to let the giant through , and bond followed in his wake to a smart toyopet saloon waiting in a no - parking area .
here , from several windows , yellow light shone faintly , and bond guessed that this would be his target area .
your wardrobe awaits you in areas f and d , according to your various flight plans .
in the center of this area will be positioned a decca aircraft homing signal as an additional navigational aid .
or he could be sailing to lay the bomb , adjust the time fuse for perhaps a few hours after the deadline to allow time for its recovery or destruction if england and america at the last moment agreed to pay the ransom , and get far enough away from the danger area to avoid the explosion and establish an alibi .
as he moved toward his dressing area , he paused , feeling himself drawn to the enormous gilded mirror .
director sato led anderson over to a quiet area near the bronze statue of thomas jefferson .
instead it contained several statues , a model of the capitol , and a low storage area for the wooden catafalque on which coffins were laid for state funerals .
the sbb is a private storage area , and i must say , i ' m puzzled how -- '' ` ` chief anderson , '' sato interrupted without looking up from her blackberry .
its apex was flat -- a small square area -- a blank space symbolically awaiting its final piece ... that piece which would transform it from an unfinished pyramid into a true pyramid .
a sizable area had been walled off for his clandestine practices .
the area 's sole entrance was a steep ramp secretly accessible through his living room , making the area 's discovery virtually impossible .
the area 's sole entrance was a steep ramp secretly accessible through his living room , making the area 's discovery virtually impossible .
when they reached the great crossing , the dean guided them through the rood screen -- the symbolic divider between the public area and the sanctuary beyond .
as they moved down the central hallway , they passed a series of conference halls , classrooms , and sitting areas .
` ` that flat area on top of the pyramid is actually a skylight . ''
the rest area itself was invisible to me .
the door rattled upward and daylight flooded the load area and we saw maybe two hundred rugs , all neatly rolled and tied with string and standing upright on their ends .
i pulled into an area pretty much identical to the kennebunk one and saw their two tauruses parked on the end of the row next to a plain van with a spinning ventilator on the roof .
it led to a small open area filled with desks and file cabinets .
at the back of the open area was a closed door with low voices behind it .
that in itself told me there was nothing worth hunting for in the secretarial area .
the secretarial area was empty , too .
i spent five in the warehouse cubicle , five in the back office , and five in the secretarial area .
there was a small living room that opened to a kitchen area .
i kept on going straight and threaded my way into the harbor area .
stepped inside into a wide - open reception area .
i did n't want to get shot in the back from across the reception area .
so i spun her around and moved her all the way across the reception area and into the right - hand office .
i kept tight hold of her collar and pushed her back to the center of the reception area .
rounded the corner and looked in at the secretarial area .
in the dusk i could see a narrow back porch and a scuffed area next to it where cars could be parked .
there must have been twenty men jammed in the area just beyond the elevator .
standing in the carpeted reception area just beyond the elevators , i could see the entire floor - it was a gigantic open space .
we sat down on a couch in the reception area .
from the reception area , we could see into a large space , which was not partitioned : lots of metal desks and people at the phones .
she pointed to an area near the bottom of the funnel - shaped hell .
sienna gunned the bike up onto the sidewalk and raced into the work area .
langdon motioned to the tiered area at the bottom of the funnel .
as the soldiers approached , one of them stopped at the bottom of the stairs and turned around , facing backward , apparently to prevent anyone else from descending into this area .
he quickly lowered his gaze to the baptistry 's second - story balcony and standing gallery - the lone area from which women were permitted to view baptisms - and then down to the suspended tomb of antipope john xxiii , his body lying in repose high on the wall like a cave dweller or a subject in a magician 's levitation trick .
this unusually plain , eight - sided area clearly interrupted the pattern of the more ornately designed floor and resembled nothing so much as a large , patched - up hole , which , in fact , was precisely what it was .
` ` we should start over there , '' he said , pointing to an area against the wall just to the right of the gates of paradise .
finally , he flipped the font 's light switch , and the spotlight directly overhead sprang to life , illuminating the baptismal area and shining brightly down on the covered surface .
elizabeth motioned to a makeshift conference area around a stainless - steel table .
langdon wondered as they continued through another series of tightly configured work areas .
` ` the building 's lower levels are flooded , '' sinskey had announced earlier in the flight , excitedly motioning for langdon to follow her back to her work area .
` ` yes , '' she said , arriving at her work area , ` ` but none like this . ''
langdon kept picturing zobrist 's subterranean video ... and the documentary film about the submerged areas beneath hagia sophia .
she was stopped on the dock in an area cluttered by private powerboats , pleading with one of the owners .
two others had found an open area of boardwalk planks and had begun setting up an array of electronic gear as if preparing to analyze a crime scene .
puzzled , sinskey walked into the hall and observed him striding through the consulate 's waiting area , pushing open the glass doors , and exiting into the elevator foyer beyond .
scimeca nodded toward a work area .
there was a laundry area in the corner .
he pulled off into the next service area .
flipped a switch and fluorescent light stuttered and flooded a bright white area forty feet by twenty .
paced the small area between the bed and the table .
her firm 's reception area was deserted .
the floor show took place in a small cleared area at the far end of the room , where three bored musicians played .
at leonardo da vinci airport , near the merci area where freight was handled , detective max hornung was watching a helicopter land .
the bed where maureen had dragged robbie was gianni 's own sleeping area , cordoned off from the rest of the room by a cardboard screen , over which their host had thrown a pair of psychedelic velour curtains , a lone shot of color in the otherwise bleak and desperate squat .
the waiting area was comfortably furnished with deep , squashy sofas and tables piled high with magazines .
do n't want the models doing their hair and make - up in the holding area .
there were fifteen rows of spectators ' benches on each side of the rear area .
howard patterson looked over to the spectator area where a man in a prison guard uniform was seated .
the courtroom was a stage , an area where she matched wits against the best that the opposition could offer .
` ` is this an educational area ? ''
as kelly and ben made their way toward the baggage claim area , he asked , ` ` off the record , what are you doing in new york ? ''
the men watched as the lighted area narrowed down to a street with a clothing store , a restaurant , a drugstore , and a bus station .
clarence desmond was checking the lavatories , storeroom , vault , and safe - deposit area .
there were huge green concrete backboards at either end of the court , and a playing area in the center , with four tiers of stone benches on both sides of the field .
` ` you will spend a few minutes in the loading area and one hour flying to amsterdam . ''
the container with tracy inside was due to reach the cargo shipping area within a few minutes of the time the de beers pallet was to arrive .
exactly on schedule , he reached the turnoff for air france cargo headquarters at the fertnord sign and drove past the low gray building at roissy - charles de gaulle airport , away from the passenger entrance , where barbed - wire fences separated the roadway from the cargo area .
he hurried toward the entrance to the loading area .
the area around the portrait was roped off with velvet cords , and a guard stood nearby .
sterile drapes had been placed around the operating area .
metal bars had been placed on all the windows , and one section of the house had been fortified as a security area to hold dangerous inmates .
the front desk looked more like a ticket window than a reception area .
` ` what if we built a setback here , eliminated this little area and let the coffee shop stay ?
two bands were playing simultaneously in different areas of the grounds .
at hanson and hanson , the stocks were kept in a huge vault on the seventh floor in a security area guarded by an armed policeman in front of a gate that could only be opened by a coded plastic access card .
he took the elevator to the seventh floor and walked over to the security area where the guard stood in front of the closed grilled gate .
there were work areas for knitting , book binding , weaving , and making bread .
there was a large wooden sliding door on top of the plat form , used to move the deliveries from inside the warehouse to the area where the trucks were loaded .
i knew generally what area of the board the caller was in .
thirty minutes before my appointment , i took the glasses off and walked into dr . gale 's reception area .
this was once part of the market 's storage area .
in snow that 's thicker than ever , robbie beals 's lincoln comes spinning and slewing into the parking area , almost broadsiding molly 's little car .
we 're in a long , high storage area stacked with lobster traps , crates , and fishing gear .
the island services four - wheel drive pulls into the parking area , and 160 stephen king the sno - cat pulls in next to it .
during this , they walk back into the kiddie area , lowering their voices as they go .
the part of the downstairs that serves as an activity area has been curtained off from the sleeping area , which we can see through the gap 174 f storm of the century 175 in the makeshift draw curtains .
the part of the downstairs that serves as an activity area has been curtained off from the sleeping area , which we can see through the gap 174 f storm of the century 175 in the makeshift draw curtains .
there 's a tv against one wall of the activity area .
they 're not , but she leads molly toward a relatively deserted area near the foot of the stairs anyway , just to be safe .
he heads back to the stairs leading to the area below .
hatch comes in from the market area , holding a tray carefully in front of him .
149 interior : the sleeping area of the town hall basement night .
150 interior : the basement ` ` living room '' area of the town hall .
sandra , weeping now , hurries into this area , meaning to go downstairs .
the door between the meeting hall and the office area opens .
164 interior : resume town office area .
the island services four - wheel drive turns into the front parking area .
here , in the sleeping area , we hear dormitory sounds of repose : coughs , wheezes , soft snores .
we drift to the area where the kids were initially put to bed , and quite a few of them are still there buster carver , harry robichaux , heidi st . pierre , and don beals .
davey no ... no ... 217 interior : the tv area of the basement , featuring mike night .
222 interior : resume mike , in the tv area .
224 interior : the tv area , with mike night .
she looks back toward : 227 interior : the sleeping area night .
270 interior : resume kids ' play area afternoon .
273 interior : the kids ' play area .
5 interior : the town hall 's makeshift day - care area afternoon .
behind them , sandra comes in from the town office area , looks around , spots her husband and son .
9 interior : the day - care area of the basement afternoon .
pippa i said he did n't go with don all the other adults are gathering some from the seats around the now - useless tv , some from upstairs , some from the sleeping area .
pippa thinks about it , then points to the area between the stairs and the wall .
13 interior : the basement day - care area .
31 interior : the basement day - care area late afternoon .
35 interior : the basement day - care area late afternoon .
46 interior : the day - care area , wider late afternoon .
294 stephen king 52 interior : the basement day - care area , angle on the stairs .
53 interior : the basement day - care area , angle on the andersons .
61 interior : the kids ' sleeping area of the basement night .
65 interior : the kids ' sleeping area night .
66 interior : the tv area of the town hall basement night .
storm of the century 327 110 interior : resume stage area .
an image rematerialized , an area of the chamber intentionally not filmed on the first tape .
instead of rooms in the catherine palace , these doors flow to other private collection areas . ''
her room was toward the rear of the complex , beyond the main halls and family quarters , halfway to the kitchen and work areas , past the point where the covert passages started .
like many manhattan law firms , scully and pershing spent money on the elevators , reception areas , and conference rooms - the places clients and other visitors might actually see - but back in the bowels of the firm where the grunts worked , efficiency ruled .
the traffic was constant , the doors opened early and closed late , and the reception area was seldom empty .
his father often parked him in the reception area to screen those new clients who at first glance showed the potential to waste a lot of his time .
baxter flew back to pittsburgh the following morning , retrieved his car - a porsche he planned to sell - from the long - term parking area , and checked into a motel by the airport .
the rest area was not equipped with surveillance cameras .
the group estimated that another four or five vehicles had left the rest area after the body was discovered but before the police arrived .
wilson rush 's office was spread over a large corner on the thirty - first floor , an area at least four times larger than any kyle had yet seen .
after three months in the building , he still marveled at the meeting areas and balconies and tucked - away mezzanines and small libraries he was stumbling upon for the first time .
the suite had three rooms , one of which would work well as an office - desk , fax , wireless internet , several comfortable chairs , and a small conference area at the far end .
the three agents , bodyguards really , camped in a reception area and began waiting again .
it was simply easier ; the living - room served as washburn 's waiting area and there were still a few patients with cuts and gashes to be repaired .
the shops were cleaner and the merchandise more expensive , the fish fresher and the meat several cuts above that in the main shopping area .
its beam was intercepted by receding upright flats that masked the offstage area ; light , shadow , light , shadow .
they were ... in some kind of deserted loading area ; the floor was concrete ; and there were two , pipe - framed freight dollies next to him against the wall .
it was the loading dock ; beyond the doors was the carillon du lac 's rear parking area .
you 're going to link your arm in mine and we 're going to walk slowly , talking quietly , to the cars at the far end of the parking area .
she was not far from collapsing , but he could not think about that he had to concentrate on the space around them , on whatever movement - however slight - he might discern hi the shadows of the large parking area .
' no one 's coming out go on i drive into the parking area , past the lights . '
marie st jacques drove across the parking area beyond the floodlights and into an open space on the right she turned off the engine and sat motionless , staring straight ahead .
headlight beams shot out from the dark in the circular drive ; a small coupg entered the area , accelerating once into it , the mark of an attendant driver .
two unknown people in the parking area .
he was now coasting into the wide expanse of an unlit parking area , made darker by the abrupt end of the white entrance road and the start of a field of black asphalt .
11 bourne watched from a distance as marie passed through customs and immigration in bern 's airport , looking for signs of interest or recognition from anyone in the crowd that stood around air france 's departure area .
one of them was a watchman in a parking area by the limmat river ; it can be presumed that he was not involved in cain 's activities , but caught in them .
there was a parking area bordered by a post - and - rail fence on the right ; several late diners came out of the lattice - framed entrance in front .
' let us off inside the parking area , if you do n't mind , ' he ordered , offering no explanation for the odd request .
villiers had suddenly slowed down and was turning into a gravelled drive cut out of the woods , the parking area beyond illuminated by floodlights .
bourne reached the edge of the short patch of forest , the gravelled parking area in front of him .
a guard stationed in the area would have been alarmed by the sudden light ten feet below the conference .
comb the streets , the garaged , the parking areas .
link ran the visitors ' area , a large open space with lots of padded chairs and vending machines against one wall , a playground for youngsters , and a small outdoor patio where two people could sit at a picnic table and share a moment .
a small , windowless box midway from the floor , 4585 was on a wall with eighty others , in an area of medium traffic .
when he charged his desk , jan finally felt a twinge of guilt and began vacuuming the reception area .
he followed link into the visitors ' area and to a corner where spicer was waiting in one of the small attorney - conference rooms .
spicer said something to link , who escorted him through the visitors ' area and out of the administration building .
the fire , in the luggage area of the boeing , was still spreading when they landed .
serious money , big fees , right here in the reception area , and that fool back there snoring off his lunch .
peace had broken out in and around the reception area .
link got a whiff of the beer wafting off trevor as they walked down the hall and into the visitors ' area .
they walked to the lifting area outdoors where the younger men sweated in the sun , polishing their tans while their muscles expanded .
to the left was a tiny kitchen area with a snack bar and three wicker stools , and to the right of the sofa was the bedroom with the unmade bed and clothes on the floor .
a set of double glass doors separated the reception area from the entryway to the elevators .
he had a visitor waiting in the reception area , a mr . wyn lettner .
goodman flipped through a car magazine as he waited alone in the reception area next to the governor 's office .
adam returned to the room , where the cussion had drifted to life in the bay area .
they escorted adam through the front gate and toward the demonstration area .
it 's a shopping area with restaurants and - ` ` ` ` i spent two hours there this afternoon . ''
a gust of air rushed into the cargo area .
on cross - examination , greg saunders established that dennis and harjo were housed in one of the jail 's two bullpens - small , open areas accessible to four cells with two bunks each .
its walls were eighteen feet tall , and the entire area was covered with a thick grate that blocked out whatever light could penetrate the sun dome .
there was also a cozy sitting area with armchairs and coffee table , a leather - inlaid desk , green ivy plants , and a full bathroom behind a paneled wood door .
satisfied there was neither sound nor movement on the other side , he pulled open the door and stepped into a green - carpeted , white - walled waiting area decorated in ultramodern chrome , glass , and suede .
there was a lightless reception area .
on edge , drenched in sweat , smith and mahmout paced the loading area and studied the various entrances .
the room was spacious , with gold - flecked maroon wallpaper , gilded woodwork , a comfortable upholstered sitting area , a small bar , and a giant four - poster bed .
the waiting area was decorated with green bamboo , tall carved tables , and high - backed chairs and sofas .
he paused to gaze around the reception area for dr . kenneth st . germain .
the reception area was sparsely furnished , with cheap molded - plastic chairs and tables .
although he seldom saw randi , since she was usually in the field , they sometimes found themselves in the washington area at the same time .
they ran across a storage area to another door that opened into another corridor .
the explosion was muffled but loud enough to be heard as far away as the reception area .
the first floor had been gutted , the hidden garage installed , and the front area turned into an insurance office where people came and went all day , doing legitimate business .
a few minutes later , the orderly arrived with his lead - footed patient at a large semicircular area of ward 4w called the lounge .
inside , to the left , was a narrow tool closet , recessed into the cargo area of the inner hull .
its passengers had fanned out around the area of the baskerton lobby ; it would be only moments before they realized their error .
the twelve - year - old green honda civic he was now driving came from the trenton train station 's overnight parking area and had been protected from theft with similar vigilance , or lack thereof .
ambler walked around the various seating areas , taking in the stragglers and early birds .
walking with the shambling gait he had adopted for the role , joe li made his way into the area of the swimming pool .
kevin mcconnelly was trying to be patient with the middle - aged blowhard in what the plaza insisted on calling the changing area .
all i ' m saying is that we ' ve very seldom had a problem with property theft in the changing area . ''
he was about to fetch a clipboard and file an ` ` incident '' report - except that they should be called non - incident reports , since most of the time that 's all they were , complaints without a cause - when he heard screams coming from the pool area .
he ducked his head into le centre nautique , as the sign pretentiously called the swimming - pool area , and then stepped back .
he charged into the locker area and looked around desperately .
laurel was seated in a waiting area , just as they had arranged , and her eyes lit up when she saw him .
it had no restaurant , only a small breakfast area in the basement .
the daimler limousine that took ellen whitfield to the estate waited in a graveled parking area as the undersecretary herself strode into the magnificent building .
at the empire suite , a grand entrance foyer opened onto a spacious salon and an adjoining seating and dining area .
at the other side of the customs house was a parking area , set lower than the road .
a brisk walk - through revealed several parlors that flowed one into another , as well as a dining area roped off with red velvet ropes and stanchions topped with ornamental brass pineapples .
then came the security area , staffed by half a dozen guards .
he paused at a seating area where coffee was served on small , round glass - topped tables .
raised lettering on an umber wall declared the area to be a world cafe .
the main flow of traffic on the mezzanine was to the left , toward another gathering spot : an area with wicker chairs and a bar on which were arrayed various small bottles and cans , mainly sodas and fruit juices and beverages that were in - between .
moments later , the two of them had ducked into the still - deserted balcony above the seating area .
the ` ` cage , '' as it was called , was a soundproof , secure area where confidential conversations could be held without being overheard .
karin then clutched his arm , steering them both toward the diplomatic lounge , where harry was processed rapidly , then out to the restricted parking area thick with uniformed guards , a number holding the leashes of various dogs trained to ferret out such items as narcotics and explosive devices .
the harmless badinage covered the remaining minutes until de vries turned into the graveled parking area of the rundown country inn , country but barely out of the city , flanked by overgrown fields , isolated , and not really inviting .
` ` i do n't , '' said karin , her first words as they walked through the entrance of the medical building and up the concrete pavement toward the parking area .
he veered to the left and proceeded down the long concrete walkway until he saw the area designated as petite cargaison , small cargo .
a microphone was in the center lectern , its wires leading to speakers throughout the area , and on top of tall poles behind the imposing table , spotlighted and fluttering in the breezes , were the bloodred and black flags of the third reich , with one startling difference .
` ` there we are , '' said the colonel , replacing the faucet and returning to the living room area .
the suite was small , a bedroom and a separate living area , but it was charming , very european , and what made it rather outstanding was a bottle of scotch on the small bar .
outside , in the small alleyway parking area , janine climbed into the first backseat of a van as the driver jumped in behind the wheel and started the engine .
he went out to his motorbike in the parking area behind the row of shops .
my people think she was taken somewhere else ; they found a delivery entrance in the rear with a small parking area .
claude moreau chose the quieter sections on the premise that the ambassador 's wife would instinctively avoid the more raucous areas , and where her next contact , if there was one , would more likely be situated .
there is an underground tunnel from here to the parking area ; the steps are back here .
together they walked fifty yards west of the south entrance , where the deuxieme chief held up his hand ; the area was less crowded , the shabby tents on the right used for the employees ' toilets and dressing rooms .
twenty minutes later they arrived at the deuxiandme bureau , a nondescript stone building with an underground parking area that was entered only after the scrutiny of armed guards .
she looked nervously about the exhibition room , squinting into the dimly lit areas .
peering through the lens , the officer angled the camcorder , following the couple into the dimly lit area in the corner .
when traupman goes to restaurants or attends the theater , concerts , or events of any kind , his guards are frequently doubled , flanking him in seats or chairs and often roaming the area in a most professional manner , scanning the sections .
` ` it was a lousy , fogged - up area , '' replied witkowski , shaking his head in the shadows .
for during the darkest hours of the night of water lightning , trucks ostensi ibly carrying everything from linen supplies to kitchen equipment to cleaning services drove slowly , unobtrusively , into the parking areas of the bundestag .
everything was very , very old brick , the walls reaching up to high ceilings ; in the center , flanked by two wide stone staircases , the huge open area rose to the top of the structure .
` ` claude was assassinated twenty minutes ago in the underground parking area . ''
the guard at the underground parking area of the bureau recognized the name on the clearance log and , was close to tears .
latham pressed the accelerator of the rented car and sped through the open gate into the cavernous shadows of the underground parking area .
` ` if you want us out of here , send the quickest bellman up to pack the suitcases and bring them to the departure area .
` ` i first called the parking area where monsieur bergeron keeps his sports car .
with our binoculars we can scan most of the pool area and the south section , but only a partial on the north side . ''
` ` affirmative to both , '' the lieutenant 's whisper broke in , ` ` like clockwork , two guards lockstep around the rear area then circle back to the mid sections of the north and south sides .
` ` other than the two guards , only the kitchen area , that 's the south side , first floor . ''
dietz hurriedly left the cabana and walked rapidly down the south area toward the kitchen door , latham and witkowski crouched in front of the tentlike flap , watching him .
the plans of the chateau were on a hastily retrieved drinks table from the poolside area .
` ` as you can see , the first floor is obvious - the north veranda , the large common area in the center which also serves as a dining room , and the kitchen , large enough for a popular restaurant on the rive droite .
that area of the immense marble - arched lobbyoutside the tinted glass doors of the george v bar isknown informally as the ` ` gallery '' by habitues , itsname derived from the fact that there is an artgallery narrowly enclosed within a corridor of clearglass on the left .
beyond the open gate shewalked faster her strides longer , heading for thearch that led to the bag gage - claim area .
fifty feet downthe passageway the narrow walls opened into awaiting area , the plastic seats and the roped - offstanchions designating the gate .
in these security - conscious days of airlinetravel with the constant emphasis on guardingagainst smuggled arms and narcotics , a room insidea gate area that had a means of getting outsidebefore entering customs did not make sense .
all four walked slowly , casually , out of the automatic glass doors , moving to the left , their pace quickening until they reached thedimmest area of the canopied entrance .
it was agreed that connal would return to thecologne - bonn airport , not for joel 's luggage but forhis own , which was stored in a locker in thebaggage - claim area .
they walked separately down the shortbank of steps and turned left on the cement paththat led to the enormous parking lot ; the armyofficer was perhaps ten feet ahead of the civilian.upon reaching the huge asphalt area , each veered in a differentdirection toward his car .
inside the parking area thedriver found an empty space and carefully steeredthe small station wagon into it .
hepropelled the student forward , his eyes roving thestreet , trying to find a secluded area where they couldtalk where johann could talk , after reading a stringof lies put out by the men of aquitaine .
the telephonenumber is zero - two - zero , four-oneone-three-zero.when you call for an appointment , tell him you area member of the tabana family .
he turned toward the heavypassageway door , pulled it open and , stepping out - side , crossed the vibrating , narrow coupling area tothe opposite door .
stone got into a taxi leaving his car in thebasement parking area and gave the driver theaddress of an apartment building on nebraskaavenue .
* * * he watched from the darkest area of the parkinglot at amsterdam 's schilphol airport as the planesped down the runway and lifted off into the nightsky .
joel moved forward intothe darkest area and inched his head in view of thewindow behind him , confident that he could not beseen by a man facing light reflected off a panel ofglass .
the parking area wasdeserted , the station shut down for the night .
sam had told her he would be inone of the booths m that area .
and the sentence of death had beendelivered right inside the car at the far end of theparking area in the bois de boulogne !
directly below the wall where the three ropesnow dangled were more wide steps that led up bothsides of what appeared to be a concrete podium orplatform , the area in front some kind of courtyard , perhaps two hundred feet wide , that led to the rearof the buildings facing the u - boat slips .
crossing to the cathay pacific waiting area , she took a seat that gave her a peripheral view of the north korean gate .
crossing the broad graveled expanse of the marina 's dry - storage area , past the silent , tarpaulin - shrouded shapes of beached pleasure craft on their trailers and stands , klein continued toward what appeared to be a large windowless warehouse .
` ` small areas , like individual buildings , can be decontaminated using chemical agents .
it was at a point maybe eight feet above the cave floor and took in an area the size of a coffee table .
weapons readied , they dropped down off the hill to the station area .
ahead , tomashenko saw the smoke of burning buildings rising from the area of the science station .
three police launches had just turned the headland to the north and were speeding toward the area surrounding the pier .
up ahead , his target had reached the end of the area between the buildings .
above this space was the area housing the passengers , captain , and much of the crew .
soraya , striding past the security area of washington national airport , was about to thumb on her cell phone when she saw anne held wave to her .
immediately to his right , the corridor branched into the entrance to the underground parking area .
the moment he had memorized the schematic of the facility affixed to the wall , bourne ran out of the parking area .
but instead of picking up a ci vehicle in the basement parking area , for which he 'd have to sign , he hurried out the front door and walked off the grounds .
within fifteen minutes the motorcade pulled into the eastern brotherhood 's private parking area and the men in the cars surrounding khoury 's leapt out , making a thorough search of the area .
then they stepped aside and khoury hurried across the reception area to his office .
they had walked the entire circumference of the temple plaza , and now had reached the area just in front of the entryway .
finally , he found an area presided over by an old man with a split - melon smile .
bourne wove through the spice and vegetable areas to the rear , where the butchers and the meat vendors had their stalls .
bourne was at the very end of this section of the stands'beyond was a decorative archway that led back to the area under the stands .
the small storage area gave out onto a jungle gym of beams and raised roof joists , across which she now crawled with great care .
the doors opened and the two men stepped out into the marble - and - glass reception area , as chilly as it was vast .
instead of carrying name , rank , and serial number , they were laser - engraved with what looked like ' book four chapter thirty - one leonid danilovich arkadin roamed the passenger area of the air afrika flight that had been sent for him and his cadre in nagorno - karabakh .
the public area of the shop was divided in half by a waist - high barrier made up of a counter on the left and cutting tables on the right .
he looked to left and right , hurried toward the rush service area .
ten minutes after he had turned onto the al , robbinet pulled over into a breakdown area , popped the trunk .
he opened a door and walked into his workshop - a large space evenly divided into areas by workbenches and metal counters .
he knew his way around the vast complex better than many of the employees whose work confined them to a single area .
half of them emptied their magazines into the suspect area .
still others were on their way down to the subbasement or were being deployed by wireless network to other areas of the hotel .
pushing aside the rack of clothes , bourne tapped on the back wall , checking for hollow areas , finding none .
they went down several steps into the more sedate but no less opulent main gaming area , featuring all the usual suspects : baccarat , roulette , poker , blackjack .
schoolchildren clustered noisily at the end of the area where the patriarch sat , surrounded by his brood .
mikhail tarkanian was waiting for them beside the silverback gorilla area .
` ` the cavalry 's not going to save you today , '' bourne said as he dragged tarkanian toward a door set flush in the wall between cases that led to the work area hidden from the public .
he rose as kendall brought her over to the area by the window .
bourne had been walking around the area for the last twenty minutes , checking for surveillance .
like its neighbors , it had a front area filled with boxes and crates on neat stacks of wooden pallets piled almost to the ceiling .
as they approached the area of the egyptian museum , he told the driver of his car to slow down .
twenty - twenty hindsight was a bitch , he thought as he followed kendall toward the fairfax area , but at least it provided the humility he needed to see how far he 'd strayed from his sworn duties at ci .
they were walking down kaufingerstrasse in the center of munich , a heavily trafficked area just off the marienplatz .
turning around , he walked back toward the cordoned - off area .
on the far side of the plane , the truck from kaller steelworks gesellschaft was parked , along with an airport hoist , which was lifting crated parts of the lng coupling link into the jet 's cargo area .
then he stepped over to the work area , keeping the i d tag clipped to it out of full view so that no one could that see that his face did n't match that on the tag .
hurrying now , he used the badge to open the door to the restricted areas .
things - precautions -were coming back to him , among them the unwarranted risk of waiting in an airport 's luggage area , and since he wanted the greater anonymity of economy class , a carry - on two - suiter might be disallowed .
removing the money from his pocket , his back to cactus , webb counted out six $ 500 bills and left them in the darkest area of the studio counter .
out on the hospital grounds , marie ran into the parking lot , into the darkest area , and sat breathless in the shadows between two cars .
the brown sedan with the dark , opaque windows was nowhere in the parking area .
within seconds the jet began rolling to the foot of the runway as the brown sedan swerved and raced back towards the parking area and the exit .
the rooftops of kai tak airport were swarming with police , as were the gates and the tunnels , the immigration counters and the luggage areas .
microphones had been placed on the edge of the runway , while police vans were joined by motorcycle patrols forming a tight semicircle around the press conference area .
the huge jet dropped onto the runway and bourne walked quickly into the roped - off area , approaching every photographer he could see , looking - looking for a man who looked like himself .
the majesty of its sheer vastness first catches the visitor 's eye , then the architectural immensity of the great hall of the people on the right , where reception areas accommodate as many as three thousand people .
a dozen of the world 's great stadiums , all dwarfing rome 's colosseum , could be placed within tian an men square and not exhaust the acreage ; people in hundreds of thousands can wander about the open areas and still leave room for hundreds of thousands more .
the client was obviously somewhere inside the vast mausoleum and could not know what was happening outside , nor would a mere minion dare follow his superiors up into the conference area .
but there were pillars , wide high shafts of marble that provided areas of seclusion .
' he was told the departure area and the guide understood ; each carries a list .
on the right it extended perhaps two hundred feet beyond the gatehouse , running the length of a parking lot with numbered areas for tour buses and taxis , where it angled sharply south .
he rose unsteadily to his knees , shook his head to clear it and started to his right , holding the fence for support until he came to the corner that fronted the parking area .
the hunters spread out , guns extended , racing across the parking area in different directions .
he raced first down the path , then instantly returned , seeing that the marine guards were at the north and south areas of the wall .
the hospital 's rear parking area had been cleared of vehicles .
directed by the police , they raced across the parking area to a pair of double doors held open by two nurses .
he studied the signs and proceeded across the walkway leading to the short - term parking area .
david thought that the exotic procedures bordered on the laughable , but since alex conklin had traced him to the rockwell jet 's departure area at logan airport , and , further , had reached him on director peter holland 's private override telephone , he assumed the two of them knew what they were doing .
the smaller enclosure was reassuring , as it removed him from the exposure to scrutiny inherent in larger areas -- the room was more private , more personal , less open to invasion .
at that instant and with those words , prefontaine 's eyes fell in astonishment on two stacks of cartons moving slowly down inter - island 's luggage carousel toward the exterior loading area .
train a few , as few as possible , to protect their separated areas from thieves , and if alarms were raised the others would converge .
the east wing has a different hallway to the psych area than the one to the main lobby , yet the army surgeon used the main doors . ''
it must run in that very peculiar clan , thought marie as she headed for the luggage area .
a large black limousine with a small discreet religious insignia on its passenger door , the cruciform standard of some high office of the church , inched its way to the canopied area .
( ( ( the crowds moved in and out of the shafts of light while the music was provided by an ear - shattering rock band mercifully placed in a side room away from the main viewing area .
alex conklin and mo panov stayed discreetly behind as bourne led marie outside to the gate area fronting the field beyond a waist - high metal fence .
a shattering fusillade burst out of the nearest automatic rifle ; it was steady , prolonged and deadly , spraying the side of the small building and the gate area .
he raised his automatic and fired into the moving mass , getting to his feet and racing across the gate area , turning and squeezing the trigger until he was both out of bullets and out of sight on the east side of the building , where the runway ended and the amber lights stopped .
the grayish - white gravel of the parking area was a gratifying sight ; he was able to make out the figure of a man writhing on the stones .
the curtained - off front section of the huge ilyushin jet , a small seating area that was reserved for special unseen passengers , was in the process of being evacuated , if not totally , at least in part .
the armory 's huge dirt parking area was to the right of the long building ; a single row of unkempt shrubbery fronted the entrance lawn , in the center of which stood a tall white pole , the soviet flag hanging limp in the breezeless morning air .
the parking area itself ?
metal colliding with metal , glass shattering glass , the loud harsh sound coming from the distant parking area .
gasping , he steadied the ak-47 , his back pressed against the wall of the building , then spun around the corner into the parking area , stunned by what he saw .
she had come from the armory 's inner staging area , where the decibel level of the music was overpowering .
an event was taking place at the kubinka , a decently attended affair , which accounted for the profusion of automobiles , small vans and buses in the vast parking area -- profusion at any rate in the soviet union , where such vehicles were not in oversupply .
he would mingle , and when panic spread through the parking area with the sight of the dead man and the shot - up sedan , he would disappear -- with whom and with what vehicle would take hours to determine .
one area , erected on the banks of the river , might be the heart of a maine waterfront village ; another , farther inland , a small southern town ; yet another , a busy metropolitan city street .
jason pointed to the huge vehicle that dwarfed the scattered cars and vans in the fenced parking area .
a staccato volley of automatic gunfire burst from the shadows of the tunnel 's parking area cutting the russian down , his instantly limp , punctured body collapsing and falling off the roof of the gatehouse , plummeting to the ground out of sight at the rear .
jason pulled his young trainer to the side of the stampeding hordes , never for an instant taking his eyes off the darkened parking area .
almost unconsciously jason wiped his face with the back of his hand , his concentration solely on the fenced parking area , his eyes darting from one pocket of shadows to another , trying to center in on the origins of the automatic gunfire , yet knowing it was pointless ; the jackal had changed position by then .
bourne removed it , pulled the pin , and threw it over the van into the center of the parking area .
the president and critz welcomed their guests and directed them to the sitting area in front of the fireplace .
there were two bedrooms , a tiny kitchen , and a living area with a sofa , a desk , two leather chairs , no television .
to his right was a lobby area with some chairs and a few travel magazines strewn over a wide coffee table .
inside the mammoth station , he drifted with the crowd , up the escalators , into the controlled frenzy of the platform area where a dozen tracks brought the trains .
he bought a ticket to philadelphia , and as they slowly made their way to the platform area neal said , ` ` i really want to know where you 're going . ''
she turned and faced the space lab 's work area , divided into a dozen modules .
the pilot taxied the craft to the security area where air force one was parked .
` ` later , i will take you to the staff and quarters and recreation area , '' bauer replied .
within seconds , treloar had a glass of vodka in his hand and was being escorted along the edge of the dance floor to a private area of velvet - covered couches and soft ottomans .
the first of the two inner shells was a ` ` hot '' area that contained animal cages , specially designed labs for work with pathogens , and giant , sixteen - ton fermenters .
another set of cameras picked him up in the changing rooms in the decontamination areas .
in the center was a large area with rows of benches ; along the sides were souvenir shops , refreshment stands , and news kiosks , most of them still shuttered .
ivan beria got off the bus after it had pulled into the departures area of the international terminal .
there was no way to check , since he could n't enter the duty - free area without a boarding pass .
three - man patrols swarmed through the concourse shops , lavatories , and stockrooms , checking the baggage and cargo areas , the employees ' lounges and changing areas , even the chapel and the day - care center .
three - man patrols swarmed through the concourse shops , lavatories , and stockrooms , checking the baggage and cargo areas , the employees ' lounges and changing areas , even the chapel and the day - care center .
hidden away in a temperature - controlled area were the video machines , faithfully recording everything that the cameras picked up .
walking through the newly refurbished terminal , he reached the area reserved for tour groups and slipped into a gaggle of sixty - odd travelers clustered in front of the finnair counter .
then she was gone , disappearing behind the partition into the area where the drinks and food were prepared .
she had kept on going into first class , around the panel into the service area , and then , surreptitiously , into the cockpit .
` ` hopefully we can contain him to the d.c . area .
smith was already on the move , heading out of the restricted area toward the concourse , dialing klein 's number as he ran .
after clearing customs and immigration , passengers walked through the arrivals area to other gates , or , if d.c . was their final destination , to the area where the specially built transit buses waited .
after clearing customs and immigration , passengers walked through the arrivals area to other gates , or , if d.c . was their final destination , to the area where the specially built transit buses waited .
these vehicles could raise their platforms to reach the boarding area .
reaching the end of the concourse , he found himself in a large holding area .
the driver nodded and gestured at a bus that was better than halfway between the arrivals area and the main terminal .
swinging through another emergency door , smith found himself in an identical holding area filled with passengers waiting to board .
no matter how hard he tried to calm himself , treloar could not erase the image of smith : on the plane , in the customs area , spotting him , the recognition dawning across his face .
several time zones to the east , in houston , megan olson pulled her cherry - red mustang into the nasa parking area reserved for members of the space shuttle .
although the area was brightly lighted , there was an eerie silence in the corridors .
the office was divided into a working space and a much larger conference area dominated by a long , oval table .
if beria had to come out to perform his wet work , this was an area he would feel comfortable in .
satisfied that reed 's guest was cleared to be in a restricted area , megan started to move away .
` ` looking very stylish , megan , '' frank stone , the mission pilot , commented when she stepped into the men 's changing area .
once there , the crew boarded an elevator that took them up 195 feet to the white room , the final staging area where they put on their parachutes , harnesses , communications hats , helmets , and gloves .
his apartment was in that area .
the helicopter ferrying jon smith from camp david landed in the cargo transport area of andrews air force base .
in an area the size of a galley kitchen , eight specialists monitored consoles and tended equipment that was light - years ahead of anything the public could imagine .
in addition to housing first - strike bombers and fighter aircraft , and serving as the usual landing zone for the shuttle , the base had another , much less public function : it was one of the nation 's six staging areas for raid teams that would be activated in the event of a chemical - biological incident .
the ready room was a cinderblock - lined area the size of a basketball court .
the blueprints showed a rectangular area one hundred forty feet long , forty feet wide , and sixty feet high .
at first glance , it might have looked like a parking or storage area .
in spite of the heat , the president insisted on walking along the runway with his group and then down the ramp into the holding area .
only then will dr . reed be instructed to open discovery 's hatch and step directly into the decontamination area . ''
on another screen he saw dr . karl bauer about to leave the decontamination area , called the prep room .
looking through them , bauer could see the vague outlines of the vast holding area , lit up by giant floodlights .
there was no sign of bauer inside the plastic tunnel or in the pass - through decontamination area .
she 's in the decontamination area .
another hall led to a large open area , and suddenly they were in a cafeteria , louder and more crowded than the lunchroom at school .
down from the elevators , away from the rooms , was a small , dark sitting area with a television , soft drink machines , magazines , and gideon bibles .
mark and hardy were alone in the waiting area .
she took his hand and they walked through the dim hallway to the sitting area .
they chatted in the sitting area next to the soft drink machines .
hardy looked around the sitting area , and suddenly pointed to a trash basket by the chair mark had sat in .
he sat on the couch in the waiting area and flipped through the phone book while watching ` ` cheers '' reruns .
the small reception area was quiet and empty .
clint placed three phone messages before her , and gave the standard hand signal to indicate someone was waiting in the reception area .
a nurse whispered to an old man in the waiting area .
foltrigg , mcthune , and trumann arrived in the small but tasteful reception area of reggie love , attor - ney - at - law , at exactly 3 p. m. , the appointed hour .
he bought two dr peppers in the waiting area and returned to the room without being stopped by cops , reporters , or mafia gunmen .
a solitary man occupied the waiting area .
the door opened into the reception area and a federal express lady ran in with a box three inches thick .
not a productive visit , but he 'd met glint and seen the front room and reception area .
they spilled into the lobby on the ninth floor and had taken no more than ten steps before three people rushed them from the direction of the waiting area .
his assigned space in the building was a vast suite of small offices connected by hallways , and large open areas where the clerical staff performed , and smaller rooms where cubicles allowed some privacy for law clerks and paralegals .
glint paced nervously in levin 's reception area .
she pecked him on the cheek , and they walked hand in hand into his plush reception area , where glint was waiting .
mcauliff made his way through the tangled network of soft flesh , separating thrusting arms and protruding shoulders gently but firmly , finally reaching the rear of the bar area .
one on the opposite side of the open area ; a table , alex realized , that had no palms or plants in its vicinity .
in the centre of the area was a medium - sized pool , installed by piersall , with blue and white tiles that reflected the sun as sharply as the blue - green water in it .
light spilled out of the teak shutters in two areas of the house : the downstairs back room opening onto the lawn and the centre bedroom on the second floor .
the first car had reached the compact parking area ; the sounds of doors opening could be heard .
sam tucker and lawrence had taken positions at each end of the patio in order to keep any wanderers from coming into the small area .
there was no ship in the dock , no activity within the huge loading area beyond the high linked fence ; only a large naked bulb inside a wire casing that lit up the sign : pier six hammond lines he was to stand under the lamp , in front of the sign , and wait for a man to drive up in a triumph sportscar .
he got off the stool , carrying the rolled - up oilcloth to a deserted area of the bench , and untied the nylon laces .
he entered the building , glanced around , and proceeded out the exit to the parking area .
at the end of the drive was a long parking area in front of a longer , one - storey white stucco house with expensive wood in the doors , and many windows .
twenty feet beyond the glass was the midsection of a waterfall ; it took up the entire area ; there was nothing but endless tons of crashing water , its sound muted but discernible .
a dynamited automobile , blown up in the westminster parking area .
the business area .
the automobile lurched out of the parking area , careened off the primitive border , and sped into the darkness towards the highway .
he held the flashlight directly in front of him ; the first object caught by its beam was the lean - to at the mouth of the campsite area .
we met with her in the walter reed army medical center 's reception area , four o'clock in the afternoon , new year 's day .
it sucked shut behind her and the ceiling decorations rustled and stilled and the reception area went quiet .
` ` and they would have stopped at the rest area to do it .
i want to look at the rest area . ''
the rest area was the same as on most american interstates i had seen .
we went north out of the rest area and summer did her off - roading thing across the median again and turned south .
i knew there would be a long counter inside with massive off - limits storage areas behind it .
` ` post regulations wo n't allow personal weapons in the accommodations areas . ''
one was decorated in shades of pale blue and had a sitting area and a bathroom the size of a tennis court .
we hiked around to the customs area 's exit doors .
on one side of the open area was the library , and on the other was a configuration of smaller conference rooms and offices .
he walked around the pool and stopped at the edge of the dry area .
is there a central storage area ?
he watched the waiting area and saw no one .
when i ' ve copied them all , and once i get the million where i want it , then i 'll hand you a key to a certain little room in the memphis area , and you can get them in your pickup . ''
so abby mcdeere arrived through the front door , into the reception area uninvited and unannounced .
acklin pointed , and mitch stepped into a small area used as a waiting room by worried relatives .
the wall loomed like a mountain in the distance , beyond the courtyard and walking area where he had paced a thousand miles and smoked a ton of cigarettes .
socks on , she hurried into the level three staging area .
glittering shards of glass sprayed the storage area .
he could feel the policemen 's intense gazes from the tailgate area .
a different voice shouted from the picnic area .
the basement area seemed like a sepulchre .
a thick glass door with heavy glass panels on either side was set back from a small foyer area .
burning the others , the old man put on a pair of thin surgical gloves , held the single photo and gestured towards a wide - curtained area beyond the stretched grey fabric that served as a screen .
finally he heaved his large torso around , spun his jowled head and pointed at an area in the upper floors of the hotel ; the arab turned and raced across the pavement .
there 's a turn in the road about a quarter of a mile before the cargo area .
' the turn before the cargo area .
the door to the pilot 's cabin was shut , and according to the man who had met them in the ' stolen ' garrison car and ushered them through the cargo area to the far end of masqat 's airfield and the plane , that door would remain shut until the passengers left the aircraft .
khalehla and the pilot said their brief goodbyes and both went their separate ways , he to the flight control centre for his return - to - masqat instructions , she to the designated area of the concourse where she would pick up the american and follow him .
' the west wing ... there 's a staircase in the hall on the right , a small storage area below the roof - ' emmanuel weingrass did not hear any more .
its charm was enhanced by the many pieces of white wrought - iron furniture that bordered the course , areas of respite for those studying their next moves or having a drink .
instead , i was taken down to the parking area and driven home in a state department car . '
suddenly , from out of the cargo area , a small dark car came racing across the field , its high - pitched engine screaming .
the automatic glass doors to the taxi area snapped back as he passed through on to the concrete pavement .
every convenience had been considered : a kitchen area was located at the far right , complete with a mirrored bar ; on the far left was a king - sized bed and , in front of it , seating quarters with a large television set and several quilted armchairs .
' canadian and ice , that 's all , ' said kendrick , moving slowly from area to area , examining the interior construction of the cabin , his practised eye seeking flaws that might lead to a way out .
' so long as you do n't miss sightseeing , ' replied kendrick , his eyes aimlessly straying over to the kitchen area .
he walked out of the designated kitchen zone and over to the living room area .
he ran to the kitchen area , opening drawers and cabinets one after another , selecting items that struck him as useful : a torch , a large carving knife and several smaller knives , a meat cleaver , three small tins of sterno , solid fuel , a box of camping matches - coated with paraffin , strikable on any hard surface - and a stack of folded towels .
they raced down into the sunken patio which was far larger than kendrick had realized ; it extended the length of the house itself , and white wrought - iron furniture had been placed around the central area in front of a large brick barbecue pit .
' once in control of the ship , they would have two days at sea to accomplish what they must far more subtly and thoroughly than they would racing around an airport 's cargo area , where , indeed , hamendi might station his own people . '
as skids of crates were lifted out of the hold by cranes and swung over the side down to the cargo area , rabid cheers greeted each delivery .
the crowds converged en masse on the cargo area , and the small elite procession in which abdel hamendi was the centre of attraction was literally swept aside , inside the huge doors of the run - down warehouse near the end of the pier .
` ` it 's going to be just a couple of minutes , '' the receptionist told him blandly , and janson drifted off to look at the gallery of photographs in the reception area .
harnett 's executive assistant , a cordial thirtyish woman , strode through the reception area and escorted him to harnett 's office .
she gestured toward the entrance to the lounge area as if it were the pearly gates .
in an angled stretch of the pedestrian corridor , he saw a recessed area , about three feet deep , and then the expected steel door to a room that was off - limits to travelers .
he removed his jacket , put on a dark blue windbreaker and cap , and waited in the recessed area .
and if you were stationed in the dungeon area and were not a prisoner , you were guarding the prisoner .
he fired his gun toward the area where he had seen janson , and the bullet took a bite out of the concrete just an inch from his head .
away from the overhead bulb in the area where the guards had waited , the space was dim , and it was difficult to make anything out .
the area behind the grate was shrouded in darkness .
then janson walked into the department store , heading toward the men 's clothing area in the rear of the ground floor .
now he sprang out and dragged the stunned watcher back to the end of the alcove and through a door that led to an employees - only area .
there was the muted sound of an old - fashioned brass bell : somebody was at the rear door , which led to a waiting area outside the master 's office .
janson rolled on the ground until he was under the bandstand , the abandoned concert area , before which plastic chairs were neatly set out for a concert that evening .
his gaze drifted toward the two suited guards in the bar area .
the farmhouse , he saw , was built around a courtyard in the traditional l , with living and working areas under one roof .
finally , the cargo area was inspected .
he tossed it into the enclosed area .
a work area was provided at an oak - top desk with an ergonomic chair .
he 'd listened to snippets of conversations from a nearby lounging area and learned that no one knew if daniels had been hit , just that he sped from the scene .
a chair from the dining area was brought close to the front door .
he should simply descend to the cellar and leave , but he recalled that the staircase before him led down , not into a public area , but into a private room the staff utilized .
wyatt waited as the helicopter settled on the landing area , the wheel back in the nylon bag .
cassiopeia entered shirley kaiser 's brightly lit home and followed the agent through the entrance hall , to the kitchen and a small work area that opened off it , leading toward a laundry room and the garage .
the two men with hale dragged the prisoner out into an open area before the cells .
the reception area was a bunker with a concrete floor , cinderblock walls , metal doors , no windows , low ceiling , a few lights , everything but sandbags and weapons .
they thanked him for his time and followed him to the reception area .
everything smelled new - the paint , the carpet , the wallpaper , the italian leather furniture in the reception area .
the lobby was the old waiting area , a long vaulted room where two secretaries were tucked away in corners at opposite ends , as if they had to be separated to keep the peace .
i walked around the block and behind the jail i saw a small open area with a basketball goal .
we said good - bye and left the dining area .
the nanotech laboratory suites were kept under positive pressure to minimize the risk of any airborne contaminants from the public areas of the building .
this outer rim was an office area , crammed full of desks and workstations piled high with reference books , chemical and equipment catalogs , and paper printouts .
farther inside the suite came a control and sample preparation area .
he was looking at the floor - to - ceiling picture window that ran the whole length of the harcourt lab 's outer - office area .
the whole white house was a no - smoking area these days .
he came out into a more open area that had once been the employee cafeteria .
she had her own work area in a small tent near the outer rim .
hidden nanotechnology production facility , inside the center nothing from the outside world was allowed to easily penetrate the secure areas of the center .
even in the outer areas of the huge concealed lab complex , technicians and scientists moved with careful precision - wearing surgical scrubs under sterile coveralls , masks covering the entire nose , mouth , and chin , safety glasses , and polyester head covers that resembled the chain - mail hoods of frankish knights .
microwave and radio antennae dotted the steep , sloping tiled roof above them - gathering every scrap of data beamed their way by the sensors and cameras set up around the nanophage target area .
he stood at a window four stories above the canal and the kalverstraat , peering through binoculars down at the crowds , specifically at the area of the pavement where a glass telephone booth reflected the harsh flashes of sunlight .
you would have tried to position yourself in one of two exits : the service area or the staircase .
in a rooftop storage area .
at two minutes to nine , winthrop 's limousine came out of the rock creek exit , drove into the parking area , and stopped within twenty feet of the rented car .
a sedan swung casuafly off the road into the parking area .
there were none , so he rose to his feet and started threading his way through the dense woods toward what he presumed to be the central area of the property .
they raced through the opening in the wall into the concrete parking area ; beams of floodlights shot down from the roof of appleton hall ; men were at windows , weapons in their hands .
bray spun the car into a u - turn , and sped across the parking area .
further , the main area of each succeeding level had a general function .
the central area of the room was filled with four rows of four chairs , all facing a lectern , and all were occupied , the occupants exclusively men .
roger brewster had dragged out his deceased father 's massive tool case , finding an acetylene torch in another section of the workshop area .
his hands wrapped in gauze , awkwardly purchased at a pharmacy , young montrose wandered into the thick crowds roving through the shopping area of the az zahran district in manama .
there were four rapid beeps from the area beyond the archway .
flanking either side of the large bay windows were the room 's two distinctly different areas .
he walked out of his area and staggered to the next station , a cubicle adjacent to his own .
each floor was divided into two large areas across from each other .
at the far end of the airport 's parking lot , the young man held open the door of a small fiat , gesturing for pryce and montrose to quickly climb into the backseat , a cramped area once they were inside .
cam and leslie were led across the huge , dark , windowless room decorated with simple furniture , a large fireplace , and paneled walls with two archways on the right leading to other areas .
a directorate team flew up , said as little as possible , and placed bugs in every area .
once again employing a clay like globule packed and fired around the release area , they slid back the steel panel and pulled themselves up and out onto the off - limits fourth floor .
then proceed to the parking area and take up your positions . ''
the security chief 's office looked out over a parking area , and on the wall were several framed photographs that were personal .
finally it slowed and turned into an area of corporate , private , and charter facilities , where it parked in front of a helicopter charter service .
the stone walls , evil - looking medieval weapons , dusty suits of armor , and high vaulted ceiling of this windowless work area were cheerless , although a thick berber rug covered the floor , and lamps cast warm pools of light .
eliza stepped from the elevator into the empty summit - level observation area , seventy - five stories above the ground .
beyond , the aft area was packed tight with more packages wrapped in newspaper .
he finally picked out a language course with twelve cassettes , workbooks , etc . , all in one slick box , and he was easing toward the checkout area where erin worked when another man entered the store .
a camera flashed as we stepped into the gate area , and i thought , this is it !
like most of the guys who sell on the black market , he hid his inventory in common areas .
they escorted quinn to a cramped holding area where three fbi agents were waiting .
at an office supply store i purchase a heavy , thick briefcase , then drive to a public parking area for the beach .
the police found nathan 's truck at the general aviation area of the roanoke regional airport late tuesday morning .
the reception area is surprisingly nice , with an oriental rug over faux hardwood flooring .
there 's a bedroom , a small efficiency kitchen and a separate dining area .
i follow prince through the front area .
the reception area is designed on the same lines as a welfare office - well - worn tile floor , thin layer of dirt on said floor , cheap seats , flimsy paneled walls , amazing assortment of torn magazines .
to the right is a holding area where a dozen orange - clad arrestees await their initial appearances before the judge .
` ` thought this would be the reception area , maybe we 'll use it for a secretary when we hire one .
ringwald flipped another page and revealed another drawing of the dock area , then another for a close - up of the residential section .
he eased along the hall behind the open reception area , stepping lightly on the worn carpet until he came to a wooden door with hoppy dupree painted on it .
the growing sounds of arguments could be heard behind the walls of the cargo area .
the shouting from within the pier 's loading area had reached a crescendo .
because he had to juggle the two suitcases in the small exit area , he was several feet behind elizabeth as they stepped off the metal stairway and started down the concrete platform to the center of the station .
they passed the area , pieces of glass and metal scattered all over the seats .
the waiting area was brightly lighted with an array of halogen bulbs that left virtually no shadows .
she did n't even have the post , and clearly no reading material would be allowed to soil the pristine waiting area .
the telephone was at the bar , which was situated in such a way that it could n't be seen from the entrance to the restaurantcben had n't seen it until he was seated at his tablecand no one standing or sitting at it could see either the entrance or the area of the restaurant roughly between the rest room and the entrance .
as if in answer to his unspoken question , a bullet splintered the doorframe just inches from his head as he vaulted through it into the dark corridor that connected the dining room to the entrance area .
the elevator opened on a waiting area covered in a wall - to - wall oatmeal deep - pile rug and furnished with antiques , not reproductions .
they moved through the waiting area to a door , where suchet inserted a badge that he wore on a chain around his neck , into an electronic card - reader .
the handelsbank 's vaults were located in the basement of the building , a fluorescent - lit , low - ceilinged area that was nowhere near as sleek and modern as the upstairs .
have you ever walked into an old basement or storage area in a dim light , seeing nothing in the gloom ?
liesl and peter 's bedroom was one of two small rooms off the living room area , the other being peter 's study .
ben asked , returning to the kitchen area .
anna entered an unremarkable reception area , where a young woman sat at a government - issue desk , beneath the great seal of the united states , answering the phone and typing at a computer keyboard .
in a modern office building in vienna , a bland - looking middle - aged man watched without interest as the plasterboard walls that had enclosed a carpeted ` ` reception area '' and ` ` conference room '' were dismantled and wheeled away toward a freight elevator by a team of construction workers .
they were entering an area that was crowded , ill lit , dangerous - seeming .
he did n't understand it , but within the enclosed area were children , dozens and dozens of ragged looking children , milling outside , in the cold .
he stopped at the entrance to corridor 3b and inserted his key - card , hoping it gave him access to this area .
the door led into a large glassed - in area fully visible from the hall .
in one area of the room was a line of hospital beds , each separated from the other by a curtain .
in another area was a long row of black treadmills , each equipped with an ekg monitor .
ben opened the steel - plated door , and anna directed a burst of gunfire into the landing area : anyone present would instinctively dive for cover .
` ` put that gun down , '' rafter ordered from the doorway , and a split second later another shot rang through the reception area , a shot that went into the ceiling somewhere well above rafter 's head and reduced him to a mere mortal .
look , this gentleman wants me to open the door nearest the reception area and place a black briefcase in the hallway .
they grabbed us and carried us through the reception area to the elevators .
i scooted out , past hector 's desk , and headed for the reception area , walking briskly while trying to appear casual .
the dining area was crowded ; the soup was ready .
another hour was wasted in the reception area of my doctor .
` ` i have n't been here in years , '' mordecai said as we stood by the entrance looking down at the dining area .
she led him into mr . french 's office anyway and asked him to wait in a sitting area by the windows .
the formal dining area was around an oval marble table that seated a dozen and weighed at least a ton and made ray ask himself how , exactly , the king of torts stayed afloat .
now he stepped into another dark area , maybe six feet square , mildew - smelling and dusty .
the backstage area was a frantic scene of stagehands moving large props , including an immense painted backdrop of the port in kuomintang , china , with the prow of a giant soviet ship set against an orange sky .
` ` your transmitter wo n't work indoors we need an outdoor area , preferably isolated .
the floor became muddy and slimy in one area , where metcalfe realized a black - market shower had been set up for the building 's residents .
as soon as the van 's doors were shut , plunging metcalfe into near darkness , he heard a gruff voice coming from an opening between the cargo area and the driver 's compartment .
amos hilliard appeared in the small consulate reception area , looking disgruntled .
it took several minutes for hilliard to unlock the door ; it was obvious that he rarely entered this area .
on the lower right corner of the board , where the veneer has broken off , is a small area where you 'll see doodles and scrawls put there by people using the phone , so the marks you and i leave wo n't attract undue attention .
its walls were only partially bricked in , earth still visible in certain areas , reinforced by steel girders .
the van was in a courtyard , an area he recognized only from photographs .
surveying the area to make sure there were no unexpected visitors , he got out and approached the soundstage , inside of which he was to meet chip .
but she 'd been warned that the northern end , near the nieuwmarkt , in an area just beyond the crowds , constantly exuded a quiet sense of menace .
the lock clicked back and he went inside to a reception area .
reacher pushed it with his toe , and it swung on its hinges to reveal a small quiet reception area the size of a motel room .
the reception area was empty , and it was quiet .
garber 's tool area was as tidy as his desk had been .
she just shook hands and hustled back through the waiting area and outside to the car , with reacher following behind her .
they passed through the cosmetics into an area with tables piled high with summer clothes in pastel cottons .
he padded straight across the carpet and stopped near the door out to the reception area .
the reception area was dim and deserted .
he let the blinds fall back and paced every inch of the office , every inch of the reception area , and back into the office to do it all over again .
hobie unlocked the door from the corridor and stepped into the reception area .
rutter 's place had a filthy window on the left and an entrance in the center and a roll - up door standing open on the right revealing a narrow garage area .
and he knew st . vincent 's had a big , wide area facing the er entrance , where greenwich avenue sliced across seventh .
a big , wide area , almost like a plaza .
the doctor led her to a curtained area and sat her down on the examination table .
his formal report as recorded by the dispatch clerk said he saw the huey 's rotor stop and flames appear in the fuel tank area .
he closed the bathroom door on them and walked back through the dark office and rejoined hobie in the reception area .
there was silence inside the curtain area .
the bathroom was next , and then the bedroom area .
there was an oak - and - brass reception area with a thickset man in a dark suit behind a chest - high counter .
he had shown them an unmarked door that led them up a flight of stairs into the bustle of the public areas .
sark and o'hallinan turned their backs and walked toward the middle of the reception area .
the thickset man in the dark suit was on the far side of the reception area , talking to a short man framed in the doorway out to the elevator lobby .
he used the express elevator from the garage and was in his brass - and - oak reception area ninety seconds later .
the pastel reception area was undisturbed .
she followed him inside to a brass - and - oak reception area .
he saw a reception area .
that door was shut , and the reception area was deserted .
the reception area was brightly lit and the corridor was now dark .
the reception area was suddenly open to a larger space .
he blundered with her all the way back out into the reception area and tripped against the suburban driver 's legs .
it pulled a wide u across both lanes and slid into an area reserved for waiting taxis .
he settled in his chair and hit play and the secretary walked into the square area and took off her coat and hung it on the rack .
advanced into the square area and the secretary 's head moved like she was speaking to him .
the square office area just sat there , dim and steady .
rode it to the third floor and found neagley waiting in the reception area .
they walked together past the counter toward the rear of the floor and came out in the square area outside stuyvesant 's office .
turned the knob again and reopened the door and stepped back into the brightness of the secretarial area , one pace .
they spend fifteen minutes in there , and only nine in the secretarial area . ''
` ` they worked efficiently and thoroughly in the secretarial area and had it done in nine minutes .
that 's a slightly bigger and slightly more cluttered area .
there was a square area with three bell ropes hanging down in the center .
the sides of the square area were defined by a steep narrow staircase that wound upward into the gloom .
they had sat quiet for a moment , and then strolled out to the reception area and got coffee .
then there was a right turn across the face of the serving area .
six would line the approach to the serving area .
he was standing in the reception area wearing a knitted sweater and blue pants , like he had run straight in from the family dinner table .
swain led reacher and neagley through corridors they had n't used before to an area that clearly doubled as a library and a lecture room .
one of his personal detail entered the reception area and announced an all - clear .
they walked out alone and found swain in the reception area .
so they went back to the reception area and sprawled in the leather chairs .
they walked through the empty area and sat down in front of stuyvesant 's immaculate desk while he ran through the rules of engagement .
reacher nodded and she stood up and walked into the kitchen area and pulled two more mugs off hooks and filled them .
there were on - ramps and rest areas and a vast travelling population , some of it commercial , some of it private , a fair proportion of it lonely and ready for company .
let us flow in through the big glass doors , cross the handsome lobby ( noting , as we do so , the mingled odors of air freshener and ammonia that pervade even the public areas of all such institutions ) , pass through the door bearing chipper 's name , and find out what that well - arranged young woman is doing here so early .
the functional parts of maxton 's are a great deal less attractive than the public areas .
in the darkness under the trees down there , one area seems murkier than the rest .
gazing down , we can observe a roadside parking area , two gasoline pumps , and a long gray roof bearing the fading legend roy 's store ; when he looked to his right and saw , past the gas pumps , the wooden stairs rising to a wide , inviting porch and the store 's entrance , he felt as though he had already mounted those stairs a hundred times before and gone inside to pick up bread , milk , beer , cold cuts , work gloves , a screwdriver , a bag of tenpenny nails , whatever he needed from the practical cornucopia crowded onto the shelves , as after that day he would do , a hundred times and more .
fred marshall has been moving nervously around the lookout area , and now he stations himself beside jack , whose upward glance finds the other man surveying the long panorama .
the noise begins with the two hundred or so french landing residents sitting on folding chairs in a roped - off area directly in front of the podium .
in the front row , wendell green is hopping around like a hen on a hot griddle ( god knows how he got into the roped - off area , being from la riviere instead of french landing , but he 's there ) , taking pictures .
` ` from the service area . ''
i want to talk to norville bates out in the service area .
there were now three cars and the gray van and andy 's station wagon parked in the rest area .
later , at their ` ` staging area '' -an abandoned motel in st . johnsbury - rainbird had taken don jules aside .
the area served by the briska station included shop headquarters .
the area that had been the altar and the nave had been partitioned off : hockstetter 's monitoring instruments and a computer terminal had been installed .
he and cap would proceed toward the eastern checkpoint , passing parking area c , where they would pick up an escort of two cars .
double glass doors gave on a handsome reception area at the end of the hall .
i glanced around the big den / dining / kitchen area that took up the back half of the ground floor of the townhouse .
people almost always came to the back door instead of the front , but arthur had parked on the street instead of in the parking area behind the apartments .
i glanced around their den and kitchen area .
i glanced around ; that dynamic twosome , melanie clark and bankston waites , had come in a few minutes previously , their heads close together and laughing , and i could now see bankston upstairs in the biography section , while melanie was flipping through good housekeeping in the magazine area on the ground floor .
in that small area the club whistled past me with no room to spare , and i started to protest , when i realized yet again that melanie absolutely could not care less .
` ` i have n't seen you to talk to since my mother got married , '' i babbled , as i twisted my key in the lock and flung open the door into the kitchen and living area .
i tossed my purse on the counter and waved at the matching tan suede love seat and chair in the ` ` living area , '' which lay beyond the ` ` kitchen area . ''
i tossed my purse on the counter and waved at the matching tan suede love seat and chair in the ` ` living area , '' which lay beyond the ` ` kitchen area . ''
at the rear of the living room was a dining area , with a beautiful table and chairs i believed jane had inherited from her mother .
eileen norris passed through the reception area to drop some papers labeled with a post - it note on patty 's desk , and stopped in her tracks when she recognized me .
mother had what had been the master bedroom , and the kitchen had the copying machine and a little snack area .
as i entered the reception area , a door to the right opened , and a tall , husky blond woman emerged .
the large work area in the back was almost totally open to view .
` ` i should have an appointment sitting out in the reception area by now .
there was a television camera pointed from one corner that embraced almost the whole lobby area .
the toolshed was an area i had overlooked during my house renovation .
i retreated as far as i could , back into an area where i could barely stand , and on angel 's further advice i turned my back to the action .
` ` this area under the stairs , i think , '' i told him .
there 's a queen - sized bed , a chair and love seat and attendant tables , a television , and a small table for two in the kitchen area .
there were footprints , sure , but in the gray dim light and falling snow they were surprisingly hard to follow , and there were many other footprints in the parking area now .
thinking of how perplexing patricia was , i shrugged and left the staff area to start my working day in my favorite place in the whole world , the library .
when i turned my attention back to what was happening around me , i could see that the actual area the cameras were trained on held no one but actors .
the plastic cover on the black panthers was torn , so i carried the whole box back to the repair area .
the carpeted area to the left was the formal living room .
the red tiles ran down the hall to culminate in the kitchen , a large room with an eat - in area .
i did n't like the carpet in the family area , but that was easy to change .
there were cabinets on both sides of the hall , making it into an elongated storage area .
that book had to go back to the repair area .
he was still to my left , by the book - mending area , but with one leap he could be between me and freedom .
arthur made his way through desks and chairs on the way to trumble 's area , and even i could read the reluctance in his gait .
perry , who was resplendent today in deep green cargo pants and a chocolate brown shirt , pointed at the magazine area , and i looked at the young man sitting at the round table with a gaming magazine in front of him .
i like that about my kitchen and den area ; and that was another change from my former life , when i 'd had no desire whatsoever for anyone to watch me while i was cooking , and i 'd been glad my kitchen was just a kitchen .
my kitchen / den / informal dining area seemed just great .
and i know what i think i saw on the concrete of the pool area . ''
melanie 's face is red ; she 's wheezing desperately , her whole body shaking , so i cross the waiting area and slap her once across the face , hard .
` ` they do n't have to know , '' i say with a grin as we climb the front steps and push inside the narrow lobby area .
the main living space is open : huge windows along the length of the room looking out on the deck and ocean view , with a kitchen area in dark marble and plush couches set up around a vast flat - screen tv .
` ` yeah , no , '' elise saunters back over to the living area .
it 's early , and the living area is deserted ; everyone is still crashed out from the night before .
they finally clear the area , then walk me through the staging of the final scene .
there 's a separate bar area to order beer and wine .
the cargo area featured a small desk , two swivel recliners , a tv , electrical jacks , a mini - refrigerator , a sink and a small bathroom that i really hate to use , but will if i have to .
i somehow found poppie 's address , and parked in what i assumed was a designated visitor parking space , but it could have been another of the thousands of shuttle pick - up areas .
there , he found a door , one likely leading to the church 's administrative area .
with kane in tow , he scaled up it , ending in a small office area .
as the tour wrapped up , the group was allowed to roam relatively free in the public areas , even to take pictures for the next half hour .
he took the ramp to the rest area , which consisted of a small bathroom and a couple of snow - mounded park benches nestled among ice - encrusted birches .
while no one was looking , he threw all the electronic gear , including the laptops , into a creek that abutted the rest area .
the group wandered around the dock area , which forked in several directions , all of which seemed to head inland toward the ghost town of saray .
with that , she stalked toward the dock area .
below us are sleeping quarters and storage areas . ''
stacks of gear were strapped to the roof rack or piled in the rear cargo area .
they made a forty - minute stop at a rest area near zion national park for devlin 's cpt , and played car games through the late afternoon - punch bug and i spy .
they passed through a small sitting area and arrived at a pair of french doors .
four strides from the sitting area , abigail 's right foot went through .
during a brief reloading silence , lawrence pulled her up , and they rolled into the sitting area as a slew of bullets eviscerated the spot where abigail had punched through .
` ` it 's over here , '' lawrence whispered , leading her to the northeast corner of the sitting area .
they came at last to a decimated sitting area at the corridor 's end , heard nothing but the wind moaning outside in low , dissonant tones like some demonic choir .
there was a flash , abigail thinking he 'd pulled the trigger , the walls of the sitting area lighting up , the snow glinting .
2009 eighty - six the lobby of the grand imperial stood accented by objects , the assemblage of which felt more like a cliche than a throwback to silverton 's boom years - burgundy floral - print wallpaper , tin ceiling , chandelier , a stodgy black safe near the front desk , a pair of wall clocks , a grand piano , a sculpture of four grinning outlaws on horseback firing their revolvers into the air , and a large - scale portrait of a whore hanging over one of two high - backed leather sofas that comprised the sitting area .
it still warmed the snug sitting area , though now halfheartedly .
it was too cold and rainy to risk leaving them outside , so i carried the box through the automatic doors into the er , and walked over to the sitting area where four people waited to be seen - a couple with a colicky infant and a young man who reeked of booze holding a bloody tee - shirt that had been wrapped around his left hand .
he popped the hatch to the cargo area , illumination flooding out of the overhead dome lights into the two - car garage .
unloaded everything from the cargo area and picked the glass slivers out of the carpet and knocked the remaining glass out of the back window , the rear right panel , the front passenger window .
reorganizing everything in the cargo area .
ed loaded what would fit into the cargo area and made just enough room for naomi and cole in the backseat .
dee found a couple of extra shirts in the cargo area and she spread them across the driver seat to cover the sticky , rotting blood .
he made his way between the tables toward a common area that accessed a bar and a gift shop , both locked up .
in the firelight , he could see a waiting area , several chairs , a small table stacked with magazines .
moved quickly into the backseat and reached into the cargo area , grabbing two ar-15s and a pair of binoculars , then diving back outside as another gunshot resounded across the prairie .
then she puts the glass down and goes over to the table area and begins putting down the chairs .
bella shrugs , unlocking the door with the key then returning to the bar area to put the keys in the drawer just below the register .
the window to my right gives an open view of the entire bar and stage area where there 's a shiny pole waiting to be danced around .
rolling my eyes , i finally maneuver my way through the crowd and to the bar area , stumbling over my feet a few times .
shelves with frozen food fill the small area and a light mist from the cold swirls around in the light .
i jump to my feet , bolt out of the back area and run down the hallway to the private restroom .
i tell myself that it 's because he 's going to fire me , right here , right now , but when he gives me a friendly nod and then heads off for the stage area , i ' m left scratching my head .
i drop the bag and blanket onto the living room floor noting that he has a few leaks in the roof , rain slipping in from a handful of different areas .
she ignores me , grabbing my arm and tugging me to the bar area where men are crowded around waiting for their drinks .
the lights are flashing and my head 's swimming by the time i reach the door to the private area .
by the time we left the makeshift training area , he was talking to me like an old friend .
only his had signs of life : flaming tressets that painted a small loading area a shade of flickering orange ; empty carts nearby , and standing by the closed door a pair of guards .
what i heard was the sound of marching feet as they approached the port area .
in the salamlik is where you got your halls , reception areas and entertainment courtyards , but the haramlik , that 's where we 'll find miss jenny . ''
at last the area ahead of us widened out into a shimmering chamber , where the first thing we saw was a pool , its walls lined with marble tiles , the water so clear that it seemed to glow in the meagre light offered by an open trapdoor at the top of some nearby steps .
altair saw two more assassins approaching the training area , evidently having heard abbas 's cry .
when altair asked him if the safe - house had an area that could be used as a cell , he smiled obsequiously and assured him that of course it did , but then dithered , going first to one door , which he opened and closed , and then to a second , through which he peered before announcing that the drying room had a barred area that could be used as a cell .
when altair asked him if the safe - house had an area that could be used as a cell , he smiled obsequiously and assured him that of course it did , but then dithered , going first to one door , which he opened and closed , and then to a second , through which he peered before announcing that the drying room had a barred area that could be used as a cell .
templar guards had formed a cordon and were holding back marauding citizens , who had been prevented from moving out of the immediate area of the church and were smashing everything in sight .
as he came to the end of a tunnel , which opened into what looked like a gaol area , he realised where bouchart had been going , because here he was again , talking to a guard .
he went to it and entered a vast chamber , with a ceremonial area at its centre ringed by intricate stone pillars .
where once the inner areas of the citadel had hummed with activity and life , echoing to the metallic chime of sword strikes , the shouts and curses of the instructors , now it lay almost deserted .
beckoning him discreetly to follow , machiavelli made his way into a deeper , darker area of the ancient roman emperor 's tomb , built almost one and a half millennia previously .
they hastened down it and turned left , then down some stairs into a basement area and to a door .
except for the area immediately in front of the altar .
as soon as they saw him the girls cooed and waved , moving up to either side of him , two of them linking arms with him , making sure the mask swung behind him , and walking him to the large , cordoned - off area by the molo where the party was taking place , and had , indeed , already begun .
` ` the main living area , '' cawley said .
` ` right would bring her through the dining area , then into the kitchen , and beyond that is a door that is caged and set with an alarm at nine o'clock at night , once the kitchen staff has left .
the only ways out are that door on the other side of the living area , or back down the corridor behind the staircase .
the room was a good size , with two sets of bunk beds and a small sitting area where trey and bibby were playing cards when they came in .
the couch and arm - chairs in the living area were a cream color that complemented the blond scandinavian wood of the kitchen furniture and the muted reds and browns of the persian and native american rugs placed strategically over the hardwood floor .
she led us into the living area , and we sat in the arm - chairs as she moved onto the couch with a slight hesitation .
in the schoolyard across from me , recess was in full swing and the nuns were chasing children around by the hopscotch area , and i saw a boy pull the hair of a girl who reminded me of mae , the way she stood with her head cocked slightly to one side as if listening for the air to tell her a secret .
patton jumped down from the pool table and padded into the main bar area , gave me a look like i was sitting in his seat , then hopped up on the bar top in front of me and lay down , his paws over his eyes .
i fed it the photo diandra had received of jason , waited for the transmission report , walked back to diandra and angie in the living area .
no signs that anyone 's been tampering with any locks or access areas to the house .
he gave me a weak smile as he came through the doorway into the visitation area and picked up the phone on the other side of the plexiglas .
the rear of the room , by comparison , looked like the waiting area at a soup kitchen .
when we first walked in , a small area opened up on our left with a counter running along the only window and enough space for maybe four tables .
so i had an unobstructed , well - lit view of his spacious living room , kitchen , and dining area , the framed black - and - white photographs that hung from his walls .
` ` tell 'em what they said to that , '' bubba said as he came into the kitchen and bar area from somewhere in the back .
` ` ah , '' i said , still back at the bar area , vanessa doing those slow swivels on the stool , bubba watching the way the hair fell across her neck .
tadeo came back from the kitchen area and put two paper towels in my hand .
the far gate led into the children 's area and then the sidewalk beyond , where we 'd parked our car .
at the southwestern tip of the trailer park , someone had arranged a few benches and potted plants to create a sitting area .
it was logan , so they changed the baggage carousel location twice , and we trekked back and forth through the claim area .
he found the waiting area at the far end of the hall .
the teamster was the first of them to ask the nurse for a surgical mask , but by the time mrs . dimassi found danny in the waiting area , he wore one , too , feeling sheepish and ashamed , but they could still hear the girl , down another corridor and behind another set of double doors , those gears grinding .
they passed through the empty bar area without incident .
in the center of the living area four armchairs were arranged around an oak coffee table .
she sauntered past them to a small seating area .
mahler 's was a large , modern school , the buildings arranged in a square around an open - air , cement recreational area .
pausing inside the door , mortimer let his gaze slide over the large open kitchen / dining / living area with its high , cathedral ceiling and huge , old - fashioned fan hanging in the center .
the dining area on his left ran along the glass wall overlooking the lake .
mortimer had already returned and found them a table by the time sam reentered the dining area .
dragging her eyes away from the incredible view , she cast them over the living area , noting the open television guide on the coffee table in front of the couch , a jacket tossed over the back of the couch , and a large beach towel strewn over a bar stool along the breakfast bar separating the living area from the large kitchen .
dragging her eyes away from the incredible view , she cast them over the living area , noting the open television guide on the coffee table in front of the couch , a jacket tossed over the back of the couch , and a large beach towel strewn over a bar stool along the breakfast bar separating the living area from the large kitchen .
sighing , she moved out of the kitchen and crossed the living area to a hallway leading to the rest of the house on this floor .
at least everything was expensive - looking , but it was also tiny , with two well - appointed but small bedrooms taking up the back of the cottage and this room in front with a kitchenette on one side and a sitting area just big enough to hold a couch and chair on the other .
she went into the tiny bathroom that ate up a corner of the sitting area and grabbed a beach towel from the rack before flicking on the flashlight and moving back across the room .
sam was n't at all surprised to find the kitchenette / living area empty when she entered .
frowning , sam moved out into the kitchenette / living area , but he was n't there either , so she hurried out of the cottage .
she raised herself slightly to peer into the living area , a gasp slipping from her lips as she spotted the woman entering from the foyer .
deciding that would n't do , she broke the kiss , caught his hand , and dragged him into the living area .
decker raised his head from the package containing something called a shrimp ring that he 'd been examining with interest , and glanced to where dani bent over a section of the frozen food area ahead .
he then dragged her away from the wall and forced her the few steps out of the hall and into the open bedroom area .
it was a great relief to finish in there and move into the lit areas of the building .
the kitchens were brightly lit , hot and humid , and jo was relieved when beth pushed through a door , leading them into a cooler , darker area she recognized as the parking garage .
on the main floor , he had her take the side exit and then walked her to a car in the visitor parking area .
` ` really , as head chef you 'll no doubt be all over the kitchen , '' alex went on , turning stiffly away from him to wave over the area she 'd led him to .
she continued to feel happy and worry - free right up until she arrived at the new restaurant and entered to find the painters busily painting the dining area .
realizing she had no choice but to go forward now , she cursed under her breath and removed her foot from the brake , allowing the rental to slide forward into the area between the two high gates barring the entrance to the house .
the restaurant was finished , everything in its place , the new cooks in the kitchen working away and the dining room and bar area full of people mingling and partaking of her food and drink .
drina asked , sliding onto one of the stools that ran along the l - shaped counter separating the kitchen from the dining area .
harper started to lead her to one of the few empty booths , but she caught his arm and leaned up to ask , ` ` is there a lounge area ?
it really was lovely , with the bed , closet , and chest of drawers in one corner and the rest of the room taken up with a little sitting area complete with television , music system , and bookshelf as well as a love seat , chair , and then a small dinette set .
carolyn asked , glancing curiously around as they pulled into an area where several other vans and minibuses were parked .
there were public washrooms along the parking area , he noted and glanced over the few people moving around the vehicles before settling on the drivers still gathered by the first of their three buses .
it was a large open area that appeared to take up the entire back half of the main floor .
the kitchen was on the left , separated from the sitting area on the right by a long , granite covered island with chair - backed stools around it .
there was no wall separating it from the living area to the right and the entire area was carpeted in cream .
there was no wall separating it from the living area to the right and the entire area was carpeted in cream .
he hurried through the small dining area and continued on into a small hallway with two doors leading off of it .
she 'd go see what he wanted , but if he tried anything , anything at all ... inez stepped through the door into what she 'd thought would be the bedroom and found herself in a dining area .
trying to distract her , thomas had steered her to a small pub - and - grill in the airport waiting area and they 'd both ordered and eaten a meal .
they passed bars , clubs , and sex shops at the outer fringe of this area and then- inez stopped dead and gaped at the row of windows lit up in red .
fifteen minutes later , inez watched thomas walk into the last bar in this little area and sighed to herself .
the area around the bar was thick with people waiting their turn .
human with a serious case of shredded larynx , trailing blood for about two blocks and left for dead in a public area .
satisfied that all was in readiness in the lab , roth headed into the uv - light prison area to check the settings one final time .
reflections bounced off the mirrored glass of the training area , and through the bleariness of his vision , he saw that tegan was standing near the door , his hand just now coming away from the light switch .
a hinged door with a round window at eye level appeared to open into some sort of kitchen and service area , also empty and evidently closed for business although the odors of recently cooked food still hung cloyingly in the air .
` ` holy hell , '' niko murmured as the group of them strode into the area to see them up close .
reichen squinted beyond the piercing blast of light , upward , toward a glassed - in viewing area he had n't noticed above the ancient 's holding cell until that very moment .
inside that viewing area stood wilhelm roth , grinning with smug satisfaction as reichen , tegan , and the rest of the warriors who 'd come with them were hemmed in tight by the lethal vertical beams of ultraviolet light that surrounded them on all sides .
the two assassins exited both sides of the viewing area to twin landings at the top of a double flight of stairs .
claire stopped off in the university center , which had wi - fi , and claimed a table in the coffee bar area .
it was a good thing she did , because in just about five minutes , michael was walking through the big uc open hall outside the coffee area , a guitar case slung over his back .
there were no windows to look in through , so claire pulled open the heavy metal door and walked into a large tiled area with a wooden counter .
i went outside , into the public area .
michael held it for the girls ; claire went first , heading past the busy weight - and exercise - machine area .
inside , they did n't proceed the way claire had always been , toward the main processing area ; instead , amelie turned left , down a paneled hallway filled with the fading photographs of university presidents , donors , and not - very - famous alumni .
head hurting , i eyed the thin band of plastic - coated charmed silver , then flicked my attention to ivy , who finally breezed back into the produce area , coming to a wide - footed stop beside the strawberries to take in the situation .
i was standing on a raised circular area , my running shoes on thick carpet .
` ` i ' m not talking sneaking into the public areas with a landscaping truck .
the cabin was designed with a windowed steering area at either end so that the car did not itself turn around .
at the same time , madame lefoux began an even more frantic dance about the steering area , employing a complex series of dial - cycling and handle - pul ing that alexia could only assume would al ow their cabin to climb over the other heading toward them .
the ending area was a wide u of platforms atop multiple poles , with cables running down to the ground , presumably used for the lumber .
eventually , they ended their tour in a massive library , which alexia supposed must pass for the relaxation area .
the luggage depot and waiting area took the form of a rebuilt ancient roman gazebo .
the official in charge was delighted to show them to the baggage storage area , where alexia found her trunks , madame lefoux 's modest assortment of carpetbags , and floote 's scruffy portmanteau , courtesy of monsieur trouve .
we turned a corner , and the hallway opened into what looked like an old reception area with another big wooden desk in the middle of the room .
mister broody vampire vanished into his office , and i wandered back to the reception area to swing my katana at imaginary enemies with kanin 's face .
i left the office and walked to the reception area with my katana , as the note instructed me to do .
i did n't see him in the reception area or the halls , and thought i was home free as i tiptoed back to my room .
kanin strode into the reception area and stopped me at the desk .
my long coat protected me from the worst of the early morning rays , and i survived by staying in shaded areas whenever possible and never facing the direction the sun was coming up .
there were gardening tools and home - improvement tools , a water heater , a workbench , and a whole area dedicated to boxed books .
i knew the queen 's residence had an actual throne room and other areas for state functions , but tonight we were taken to a more casual setting : a media room .
the witches were ushered to the area in front of the thrones , and then millie scurried away .
she was n't the only person who 'd come by today ; there were three older men seated in the waiting area , and one geeky - looking kid still working off his baby fat , wearing a t - shirt from morganville high with their mascot on it - a snake , fangs exposed .
` ` he 's got a full house today , claire , '' nora continued , and nodded toward the waiting area .
the side that held the jail and the police headquarters area had n't been much damaged , and claire headed for the big , high counter that was manned by the desk sergeant .
there were other things going on in the main reception area - a couple of drunks handcuffed to a huge wooden bench , some lawyers getting a cup of coffee from a big silver pot near the back .
she clipped it on her shirt and followed joe hess into a big , plain open area .
monica led the way around the corner to a break area with well - used chairs and study tables .
with only a single , worried look over her shoulder , her mother led the way down the long hallway and into the living room area .
finally , she pulled free of shane 's embrace and walked in circles around the open space of the warehouse they 'd used for the bus staging area , making wider and wider arcs .
they were both dragged away to the big cordoned- off area in the center of the square .
make certain that you , and anyone you care about , stay well out of the blast area and upwind .
the tables were all set up with a small vase of wild flowers , and the hand painted lamps , lightly swinging above each table , lit the area with a soft glow .
he set the cage down on a granite island in the center of the spacious area .
i was n't quite sure what they needed so many rooms for , maybe it just came with the spread , but there were two libraries , three offices , more bathrooms than i could count , a laundry room with the single largest washer and dryer i 'd ever seen , an indoor greenhouse that smelled wonderfully of ripening tomatoes and made me damp with sweat before we left the room , a formal dining room that put the area by the kitchen to shame , and an informal lounging area with televisions , board games , a plethora of movies , including a slew of modern and classic vampire movies , which i found pretty amusing .
i was n't quite sure what they needed so many rooms for , maybe it just came with the spread , but there were two libraries , three offices , more bathrooms than i could count , a laundry room with the single largest washer and dryer i 'd ever seen , an indoor greenhouse that smelled wonderfully of ripening tomatoes and made me damp with sweat before we left the room , a formal dining room that put the area by the kitchen to shame , and an informal lounging area with televisions , board games , a plethora of movies , including a slew of modern and classic vampire movies , which i found pretty amusing .
a diving board on the far end indicated where the deep end was , and a few feet on the other side of that was the one thing i was actually really looking forward to ... a hot tub - what looked like a twenty person hot tub , with jets everywhere and areas that conformed to a lying person 's shape , so you could nearly nap in the slightly - below - boiling water .
flat river rocks formed a patio , stretching from the glass wall of the living room , all the way around the pool and hot tub , to a large area behind that , where covered tables and lounge chairs rested in the sunshine before a barbecue grilling station .
the summit of mount diablo was positioned perfectly in the open area of the courtyard , creating a stunning backdrop for the already stunning view .
remembering where i was , i looked around the pool area , but sometime when we 'd been kissing , jack must have gone inside .
his eyes were softly glowing in the darkness of the parking area , in the cleanness of the non - light polluted country air , but i did n't feel the pull that i had felt the last time we were here .
after a few more moments of catching up , alanna ushered everyone into the massive area that they quaintly called a dining room , and we all took our respective seats .
this time , he shook his head and looked around the dark , enclosed area with the large , green container overflowing with rotten seafood and plastic bags of filth .
i carefully watched him as he took my hand and led me out of that darkened area that we 'd just christened .
he stepped into the small kitchen area and i protectively placed myself in front of teren .
it consisted of three buildings , forming a u shape around a pool area in the back .
the pool area was exquisite .
flat river rocks made up a patio that seamlessly surrounded an olympic sized pool , hot tub , and barbequing area .
outdoor heaters had been set up around the perimeter , waiting to warm up the humans that would be bothered by a chilly december evening , and a plexiglas floor had been constructed over the pool , effectively creating a huge open area where once only swimming had taken place .
i nodded , agreeing with her , and showed her the areas of the house i could , while tracey and ash changed back into regular clothes .
the music shifted to a happy beat as teren and i drifted over to the barbeque area of the patio , where the tables of food were being set up .
i wondered if we 'd traveled down into the living area of the mixed .
` ` this is a private area . ''
the dance area was illuminated by candelabra chandeliers flickering led lights .
but as they walked from the midship student section , which housed classrooms and sleeping quarters , to the rear recreation area , they entered a place she 'd never seen before .
while the massive dining hall and exercise facilities above the warehouse and propeller engine areas were familiar to her , sophronia and dimity were being taken farther up .
vieve changed course and headed toward the teaching area outside the tassel zone , rather than across to student residencies .
she skirted the outside of the residential areas , then the classrooms , and soon she was outside the tassel section .
the girls were permitted to visit the assembly area to watch the landing , along with hundreds of others .
a string quartet , sufficient but not boastfully large , sat in one corner near a raised dancing area .
the voices seemed to be coming from the pool area .
becky pulled my arm and eagerly led me to the photo area .
when the lift stopped and the doors swished open , i walked across the secure area , but before i could press the buzzer , the metal security door opened and kellen stood there .
i normally work in the gym area , as one of the fitness trainers .
i glanced at the sofa , then at the wall of glass beyond it , nothing with some pleasure it looked out over the main gym area .
` ` next one down , near the administrative areas . ''
he did n't stop , just strolled past and into the office area .
once dressed , i walked around to the reception area .
rhoan headed over to reception while i continued on to check out the dining area .
he was tossing his clothes over the back of a bedroom chair when he heard the knock out in the living area .
he was about to pul on a pair of sweats when he glanced into the living area and saw kim undressing .
taking the dishes back out to the living area , she took a moment to herself , debating whether she should get going now while the getting was good .
when i entered the area , i sensed the presence of one of our kind , a woman .
beneath the table is a trapdoor that leads to the area under the house .
i thought the room was too square and needed an intimate conversation area . ''
his gaze continually swept the areas that provided the most cover for an assailant .
julian turned toward the area just in front of the stage , a shadow creeping slowly but surely into his mind .
he tangled his fingers with hers and brought his hand in a possessive gesture to his chest as they entered the lobby area where even the villagers often gathered for drinks .
darius carried her into the dining area and placed her in a chair at the table .
the bus has every luxury , including a sleeping area .
the huge living room boasted high ceilings and a rock fireplace on one wall with a large conversation area grouped around it .
solange worked her way in a circle around the area , knowing there had to be a back entrance .
he followed her with some apprehension into a different area of the store .
drusilla was particularly happy with the kitchen and garden area .
francesca stepped to one side to allow lucian into the narrow opening leading to his sleeping area .
without warning the lights in the docking area blinked out , leaving them in total darkness .
three desks formed a loose semi - circle closing off the area .
there was no one in the first room , which appeared to be an unused storage area .
a large room off the main living area held a gleaming piano and a drum set .
it was only after he had inspected the area carefully that he allowed himself to enter corinne 's room .
an area was cordoned off for the cameras and crew .
at the area cordoned off for the shoot , she waved to the nearest security man and flashed a smile at him .
dayan carried her swiftly across the chamber to the small area where shea had enclosed the baby protectively .
he had to get inside the area housing the computers , and they had security codes for that .
he and matt walked to the library in silence , keeping to the shadows , skirting areas of light .
he pointed back toward the area where colby had been looking around for sign .
she tensed , seeing the ground shift in the sunken areas .
the prince stepped into the open area , away from the long , smooth railing out to where she would have a clear shot at him .
i see tracks around the garden area and the back courtyard in particular .
it was movie - theater dark inside , the only light coming from the oversized pane of glass that looked into the empty lineup area on the other side .
tavia watched the stain grow a little with each long stride that carried him across the length of the lineup area .
tavia was n't the sort to let things rattle her , but she could hardly stand the weight of that stare - even if she was safely concealed in the darkened viewing area behind quarter - inch safety glass and surrounded by half a dozen armed law enforcement officers .
at his approach to the viewing window , a low growl erupted from inside the lineup area .
she tore out of the bedroom and through the large brownstone , across the inlaid marble foyer and out the front door to the morning bustle of the back bay residential area .
moving almost faster than tavia could track him , he ran to the building , breaking a reception area window and climbing inside ahead of them .
mathias rowan asked , as he and chase followed her into the area .
it hurtled into a framed watercolor on the near wall , pistol and painting crashing to the reception area floor .
she hurried into the back bay residential area on foot , sundown having just kissed the city in cool shadows .
inside the tight space of the corridor , bodies are smashed together in the area that surrounds the oval stage .
i wait until he wanders over to a corner alone to set up a sleeping area for himself .
then i quickly slip out of the storage area .
it was n't easy to get into the garden area fromoutside .
the sidewalk from the parking area to the front door was lined with azaleas just about to bloom .
since they were ` ` on '' the minute they stepped out of the door , they walked hand in hand with a light , almost prancing walk , until they 'd reached the center of a huge open area .
in two hours ' time , the area around the table would look like something from a slasher movie .
` ` looks like she 's been here at least four or five days , '' mosley said after the crime - scene investigators had finished with the body and moved on to another area of the room .
sarah 's gaze went to the partition that separated the stall area from the outside door .
he found himself in a small sitting area with leather chairs and important - looking artwork on the walls , none of which he recognized .
to my right was the food preparation and storage area .
she pointed across the dining area to one of the half - open doors .
the last time my driveway had been graveled , the parking area in front of the house , outlined with landscape timbers , had gotten a fresh load , too .
by the time dermot and claude knocked off to shower and change for work , the parking area contained a substantial mound of useless items waiting for the torch .
he was pointing to a place where the slope of the roof formed a natural area , about seven feet deep and the width of the house .
with the help of donald 's flashlight i saw that at the back of the desk , in the area where your knees would fit , there was an extra panel .
he let go of my hand and went over to a reading area , picking up one of the books and turning the pages .
hunter walked over to the carpeted play area that was for construction , i decided , because there were all sizes of blocks and puzzles around it .
amelia 's car and claude 's car were in the graveled area at the back door , leaving just enough room for mine .
he 'd remodeled the kitchen and installed a hot tub to create sort of a spa area rather than a place to cook -- which he did n't need -- but he 'd left a small separate room intact .
we could hear the music from the bar area , and the hum of voices .
i got up and went down the hall to the main area of the bar .
i darted through the doorway , finding myself in an open office area .
there was a whisper of sound as the other two shades ghosted out of the office area .
clearly we had left the public face behind and entered the more private areas .
the flustered kid buzzed us through a semisecure area .
` ` would you tell me where the baggage area is ? ''
` ` there is no baggage area .
corinne had gone in to freshen up shortly after noon , having slept all the way through the morning while he pored over maps of the city and outlying parishes in the lightless gloom of the hotel room 's curtain - drawn living area .
she studied the circled areas where the order believed vachon 's properties were situated .
get out of here right n - ` ` before she had the chance to react , something huge - a breed male , easily as large as hunter and garbed in head - to - toe black form - fitted clothing - exploded out from the closed cockpit area behind him .
most of the floor space was empty , swept clean of the filth that plagued the other areas of the house .
grabbing his pickax , he led her to an area with a bowl depression that had a retaining wall bricked around it .
a table stretched nearly the length of the spacious area , the surface covered with food .
the area looked like a storage room with stacked crates and metal shelving lining the walls .
she found him in a compact back room adjoining the main area .
in the cooking area , she found a rickety stove , a couple of rusting food tins , and an assortment of mismatched pots and pans .
she pointed to another caged area in the cargo hold , barely visible with the dim running lights .
the human proprietor of the place and some of his breed fighters moved in from other areas of the club , their mere presence threatening added trouble if things got any further out of hand .
the blanket he 'd put down for himself on the floor was right where he 'd dropped it , the makeshift sleeping area undisturbed .
he let a growl roll through his teeth and fangs as he headed for the main area of the bunker .
candice was seated on a stone bench in the dressing area , combing out her wet black hair .
he asked , pivoting his head on a scowl to scan the area behind the bar , where she 'd been looking just before she grabbed him away .
he collected my bags , then hooked my arm through his and led the way over to the taxi rank and parking areas .
he had to be upstairs in the main offices - the area the public could enter - not in the underground guardian area .
he had to be upstairs in the main offices - the area the public could enter - not in the underground guardian area .
there was a small laundry area - though it was more a laundry closet than an actual room - a bathroom , and three bedrooms .
it was , i discovered when i got there , tiny - boasting one bedroom and a minute kitchen and living area - but the views were incredible .
which meant whatever the hell was going on was n't being restricted to the one area .
the owners were pleased with what she wrote , and gave her an invitation into the executive room - which is a private dance area for special guests .
what glass there was decorated the front , in what would have been an office area in any normal factory .
the bouncer , a big man with shoulders the size of a tank , cheerfully waved us through to the payment area , then opened the main doors .
maybe all the nonhuamns had gone into the private area .
i shuffled through his thoughts , and discovered that the downstairs area - the area we needed to get into if we wanted to sniff out more of what was going on in this place - was also connected to the backup generators .
i shuffled through his thoughts , and discovered that the downstairs area - the area we needed to get into if we wanted to sniff out more of what was going on in this place - was also connected to the backup generators .
` ` the basement , storage areas , and probably the main offices are accessible through the stairs in that half of the room . ''
perhaps the stair went down to some sort of maintenance area .
` ` the office areas wo n't be near the machine room , i would n't think . ''
` ` according to the infrared , we have two people on the ground floor , and two in the first floor living area . ''
according to the floor plans we 'd found , there was a parent retreat beyond the main bedroom , with the main living areas beyond that .
you are not permitted to roam anywhere freely at night , and during lesson time you are restricted to certain areas .
not wishing to be late to class , sophronia and dimity moved along the main hallways quickly , following the track when it split off and delved to the side into what was clearly a servants ' area .
` ` below the boiler room area , sir .
we had already woven through the sunday - silent public areas of his offices and conference rooms that trent hid his illegal activities behind .
nearby was a sunken area with seating for backyard parties .
he shot jonathan what i thought was a warning look before he retraced his steps to the second floor to vanish into an unseen area of the house .
several heavy - looking doors opened up onto the area , and i was guessing this was where trent did his ` ` normal '' living .
he moved to an area of the lab where he had a reading corner with a big leather armchair and a stained - glass lamp .
the audiovisual area was new , but it contained everything from samples of the flickers made for penny arcades in the early 1900s to silent film , sound film , color film , all the way up to dvds .
the first twenty are easy - all in common areas .
he shakes his head and tugs me inside the confined area .
our gazes zip around the crystal area .
a wooden chair is perched across from the throne in an area where the light gathers .
the end of the hall opens up into a large dancing area and a bar .
after i lace my boots , i make my way to the dining area at the end of the tunnel .
evan ignores the mess and continues through it , ducking beneath the caved - in areas and stepping over the debris .
she cast a look toward bishop , who was exiting the kitchen and heading for the dining table in the living area .
they poured it into a gravy bowl and hoped for the best , then silently carried it out into the dining area , which was really a corner of the living room .
it was a sprawling building , home to a large study area with long tables and groupings of chairs , and it featured a bookstore , a cafeteria that served fantastic grilled cheese sandwiches and salads , and a pretty decent coffee bar .
it reminded her of the way hospital waiting areas felt - industrial , impersonal , soaked with large and small fears .
shane led her to the next room , which was a sitting area with a plasma television tuned to a news channel , juice and sodas and water , and trays of crackers and cookies and fruit .
on the other side was another waiting area , and there were people standing in line .
michael himself was standing in the clear area behind the coffee bar , looking tense and a little bit blank .
there was a lounge area with a dance floor , and a jukebox that played oldies .
the area of wall where myrnin was staring fluttered and melted into gray fog .
upon reaching the shuttered tourist area , he was in his soft - soled boots and his skintight outfit .
` ` you 're welcome , '' she said , stumbling on the step up out of the sunken area .
i 'd never been to the city morgue before , and i dubiously eyed the arrangement of comfortable chairs around a coffee table at the far end that looked like a reception area at a doctor 's office .
the echo of my sandals was different in the sanctuary , and i slowed to see the cozy area ivy and skimmer had arranged in a front corner as temporary living room .
to the other through the kitchen and dining area was a large common courtyard , the other apartments far enough away that it granted a measure of privacy by pure distance .
my eyes pricking with tears and feeling helpless , i put my arm over his shoulder and led him to the informal seating area where relatives waited for their kin to awaken .
if the ten levels above ground were the public face of the directorate - the areas that worked mainly by day , receiving the initial reports of crimes by nonhumans , processing the minor offenses , and doing other basic stuff like documenting reports of new vampire risings - then the five below were the heart .
just kept on walking kelly leaned against the doorway into the eating area , a wide smile softening her sharp features .
i walked across to the small washbasin area and grabbed a soft cloth and a small bowl , then flicked on the tap and waited for the warm water to arrive ` ` well , that certainly explains the bruised and swollen state of his genitals . ''
he caught my hand and we hurried into the hotel , all but running past the lobby elevators into a second , more secluded area ` ` private elevators , '' he said , swiping a keycard through the slot .
though it was pitch - black , my vampire vision allowed me to see that the room was a combined kitchen , dining , and living area , all in one big expanse .
he was n't in the living area , but a second later he came rattling down the stairs .
they walked off toward his office , leaving claire in the waiting area with piles of ancient magazines that still wondered whether brad pitt and jennifer aniston would stay together .
the guards waved them on , and eve , now driving , guided the big car down the ramp and into the underground parking area .
he was right , because the area where they 'd come through was the only reliably safe spot in the room .
mostly he stays in his office , or in the bar area , away from the windows .
the pews and altar had been removed to make a large play area .
far into the authorized personnel areas and amid black suits and champagne , matt stopped the cart .
when she reached the fork inside the bathing area , she trudged around the opening on the left .
a small rocky waterfall filled the center of the waiting area , and an expensive , exotic perfume floated on the air , drifting like clouds over the sun on a perfect spring day .
in addition to a well - fortified holding area and brick walls , there were no less than fourteen bedrooms , a goodly number of receiving parlors , and several precarious - looking but fully functional towers , one of which lord and lady maccon utilized as their boudoir .
he led her through the crowd , which thinned as they left the main hallway that serviced the drawing room , parlors , dining hall , and receiving area .
they rounded a corner into a part of the house alexia loved , the museum of machinery , where the history of human innovation was displayed with as much care as the marble statuary and oil paintings of the public areas .
it was a very - well - appointed boudoir , complete with not only a massive canopied bed , but also a full sitting area and other highly desirable accoutrements .
the layout was identical to the third floor , but their lounge area looked even more beat up than ours .
` ` no , the spell is only used in the public rooms of the house : the lounge areas , the classrooms , and so forth .
they were at the far end of the station , beyond the covered area with benches , beside a little concrete security house .
` ` we can put your coffin right here , '' alexander said , pointing to the only empty area .
i thought she might be hanging out by the bar with romeo , so i guided us away from that area to give us more of a chance to be together .
instead , all the students were sitting at the tables or hanging out by the snack area .
we went into the next area , which was dark except for a few glowing candles .
this way to our security area . ''
though she 'd met madadh in the security area , she gazed at the man anew .
yet as she passed a second room , a lushly arranged sitting area , she noted that there was no hint that children had once lived here , no hint that this place had belonged to a family .
moving carefully but quickly , we aimed for areas far beyond the chaos behind us , where we could hole up until night .
apart from the area claire was in , with a battered washer and dryer , a table that had once been painted some kind of industrial green , and some shelves filled with unidentifiable junk , the rest of the basement was dim and quiet .
the sheriff 's station in durram , texas , was basically two rooms , if you did n't count the bathroom ; there was a small open area with a couple of desks and computers , some cork boards on the walls full of notices and pictures , and behind that , a door with iron bars .
i carefully pulled my clothes back on , then walked out to the waiting area .
to the left was a door that led into a tiled area , and what looked like the biggest damn shower ever made - though it was n't the shower from my dream .
he squeezed my arm , then turned around and headed for the kitchen area .
we headed for the main office area .
four dark shapes were moving down the sloping embankment from the area of the factory , all of them carrying serious hardware .
walking ahead of him through the kennel area , past half a dozen sleepy dogs and nervous cats peering at them through their cage bars , tess rolled her eyes .
in the kennels off the reception area , the handful of post - op cats and dogs were restless .
instead , her mind switched from alarm and the instinctual fight - or - flight mode she 'd been feeling out in the reception area to that of the physician she was trained to be .
the puddle of river water and spilled blood her attacker had brought in with him swamped a large area of the linoleum floor .
with a yelp of alarm , tess made a quick pivot and launched herself into the reception area .
she jogged away and tess heard muffled conversation in the reception area .
` ` get a grip , '' she whispered to herself as she headed out of her office and into the hallway that opened onto the lobby area .
as soon as she entered the kennel area and heard the labored wheeze in one of the cages , she knew she had problems .
she did n't think she had anything to fear , yet as she started heading out to the other area of the clinic , she was hit with a sudden blast of memory -- a light flicking on in the storeroom , a beaten and bloodied intruder slumped over on the floor .
a hissed curse came out of the large examination room off the reception area .
a throat cleared awkwardly from the area near the bedroom doorjamb .
they brought her in through the back of the clinic , through the storeroom and into the empty kennel area .
she skirted down a sloping embankment , toward the anterior of the building and found what she was looking for : wooden shutters concealed three windows that likely opened into a service area or crawl space of the structure .
both males rose eagerly to the idea , and with respectful nods in lucan 's direction the three big warriors strode out of the tech lab and into the corridor leading to the compound 's weapons training area .
she 'd been phoning for the past hour , since her original message about the body recovered in the playground area where gabrielle had been assaulted the night before .
he was fuming as he stalked back inside the main area of the club .
he gestured to a squat cocktail table in the sitting area of the bedroom , but gabrielle 's nose had already picked up on the impressive buffet .
` ` i 'll interrupt the security signal on the ground - level cameras , but once we 're inside , planting those two dozen bars of c4 in critical areas without alerting the entire colony of suckheads will prove a little trickier . ''
before oliver could answer , myrnin pushed through the crowd in the tableandchairs area of common grounds and walked toward them .
the vampires in the coffee shop had mostly retreated out of the big , front area , into the betterprotected , light proofed interior .
eve asked hannah , as they turned another corner , heading into an area claire actually recognized .
they came to the end of the hallway , where the area opened up into the big living room , and eve and claire both stopped cold .
` ` we have some storage areas in the basement -- steel doors , no windows .
claire could now feel the airconditioning switching on to cool the overheated air , hear doors swinging open upstairs , see lights coming on in darkened areas .
morganville 's city hall was n't all that large , at least not here in the lobby area .
claire did n't know what else to call them ; there was an entire complex of rooms leading from one central area .
this , claire guessed , had been some kind of dressing area for amelie .
bastian slid a hot cup of coffee across the pickup area , and violet sipped it .
the gaming area was packedfilled with couples dancing , skiing , shooting , and bowling .
she strode toward the kitchen area .
brynley glanced quickly around the emergency room 's waiting area .
zoltan was selecting a sword and pistol from the caged weapons area .
with their minds alert and their stomachs full , the villagers gathered in the central meeting area close to the cooking fire .
when the soldier slumped over , dougal hefted him over his shoulder and carried him into the central meeting area .
` ` lass , if ye want to molest me , ye 're a bit south of the target area . ''
the guy was pacing around the bar area like he 'd had his wings clipped and did n't appreciate the trim .
the evil 's receiving area was about the size of a ballroom and decked out like one , with plenty of black chandeliers and stanchions that supported legions of black candles .
tohrment wandered around , looking at the silk draperies and the beautifully appointed sitting area .
john was carrying her through some kind of parking area that , given the cavelike walls and ceiling , had to be underground .
with each pass by the door that was closed to him , he went wider afield , until the trip took him all the way to exit into the parking area and then back to the locker room .
she found john in an open area with dozens of showerheads and tile on every square inch of the floors , walls , and ceiling .
we have classrooms , a gym , locker room , weight room , physical therapy area , and a pool , as well as many other amenities .
when she heard music coming from the swimming area , she slowed .
not in the clinic area putting fresh scrubs in the shelving , either .
` ` she 's over here , '' he said , hanging a left and pushing into the recovery - stall area .
tegan was about to take off in that direction when urgent footsteps sounded on the long corridor that led from the general area of the estate 's indoor pool .
they were nearly to an elevator when a glass door whisked open somewhere nearby and deep male voices filled the area .
but it was n't either of them who came out of the shower room into the pool area .
elise slid into the private passenger area of the luxurious sedan limousine .
there were just so many reminders of what i was missing after he was sent away , irina explained as she and elise sat down for coffee in the sun - filled dining area .
come on , he said , guiding her around the wall of mottled glass bricks that separated the large shower area from the rest of the room .
festooned in bright carnival colors , with polished brass fixtures and sumptuously appointed furnishings , the lounge and bar area was a visual feast .
be careful , elise told him as they walked out of his quarters to meet the others who were gathering in the main area of the compound .
but there were some within the race who still got off on the secret , invitation - only gatherings where human victims could be chased down in a contained area , raped , fed upon , and murdered like wild game .
she cautiously walked farther into the main area of the suite .
dylan strolled over to the squat table and dainty sofa in the center of the parlor area , where a bone china plate containing an omelette , sausage links , roasted potatoes , and a thick slab of toast waited .
she did n't scream or struggle as she was led out of her confinement by two minions and into the main holding area of the laboratory .
she drifted into the living area of the apartment , seeing a woman 's touch everywhere now .
it was all quiet , not a single light on inside the small antechamber or in the main area of the nave beyond .
there were a few people in the big living area who were dressed fancy , but most had on standard - issue college wear , and somehow , claire had the distinct impression the casual - dress crowd had not come invited .
he sat down in the chair across from her in the lounge area , and claire thought he looked tired .
she threw one last , aching glance at the frosted glass doors that read surgical area - admittance to authorized personnel only .
she checked in with the younger , nicer lady at the desk , whose name was helen porter , and went to find the least uncomfortable chair in the waiting area .
` ` i 'll be careful , '' she managed to say , and her attention was caught by the young nurse standing in the doorway of the waiting area , waving for her attention .
the nurse led her through another set of glass double doors into an area labeled icu .
inside was a stuffy little area , a sort of canvas antechamber .
` ` i still have n't found a way out of the lower areas but the guards all have keys and i shall have his key in my hand by half past five .
` ` the one where we escape from the washhouse via the clothes - drying area , sir , after silently disabling three guards , sir .
mostly they passed raw rock but sometimes there were ancient gratings or areas of masonry , suggestive of tunnels long ago blocked - there was a jerk , and the platform stopped moving .
they were in a sort of anteroom , not much more than a widened area of corridor with a few benches .
he blinked rapidly , and actually looked toward the area where the spirit of his deceased wife was presently watching us .
if he 'd wanted to hurt her , then he would n't have helped her get out of the main area of the club .
in contrast , meredith 's area was rigidly tidy , books lined up alphabetical y , a single silver pen on the desk next to her slim silver laptop , her bed neatly draped in a silk duvet in subtly patterned gray and white .
the elevator ride was short ; we stepped out into what looked like a posh office reception area .
demetri left us in the cheerfully opulent reception area , where the woman gianna was still at her post behind the polished counter .
rossiter staggered out from the cabin area .
darkness shrouded most of the spacious area .
` ` because kade only has access to the outside areas .
it also contained the small lab area , which meant getting to dia 's daughter without being seen was going to be doubly hard .
starr 's seating area , obviously .
i would have thought anyone who knew the codes to any of starr 's private areas would have been either shielded or mind - blind .
` ` so there were n't psi - deadeners in the lower areas ? ''
i kept the cloak of night wrapped around me as i slipped through the cordon and followed those heading for the explosion area .
the explosion had happened in the wing that housed the kitchen and dining areas and had basically blasted them apart .
in normal circumstances it would n't have mattered , because most places who had live - in staff did n't often house them in the main building let alone in the same area .
there was little here but the kitchen and dining areas , and the staff who ran them .
everything i 'd smelled , everything i 'd felt , when i first walked up to the blast area had come back with a rush , and the dead and dying who 'd filled me with their pain wanted revenge .
` ` why did you blow up the kitchen area ? ''
` ` who has access to the main security area ? ''
there are also smaller units in the labs and security area to provide them with lighting and electrical systems . ''
i headed left , but not directly toward the security area .
the floor plans indicated heavy fortification within that area , which included the substantial doors and a long corridor to traverse before reaching the control room .
i was at the door when i remembered one vital thing - all the locks to security areas were key and thumbprint coded .
on opening that , we discovered another door , this one made of steel and accompanied by the same sort of key - coders that guard the various secure areas in and around the house .
though how dust got into a sealed area , i had no idea .
that table also meant we 'd reached the lab areas - but obviously a disused section , because i could n't imagine anyone willingly working in the presence of cannibals .
as far as i knew , doors like those had been phased out decades ago , which lent weight to quinn 's earlier statement that this area was far older than the cartel 's usage of it .
charles eyed the stash of weapons in the caged - off area at the back .
she waved at him and quickened her pace until she reached a well - lit area .
he motioned to an area close to the entrance .
she pivoted on the pew and shot a disapproving glance to the area behind her , where dozens of faces had hardened with suspicion because of big dave grant 's baseless accusation .
most of the crowd at pete 's that night was gathered in the bar area out front , the din of conversation competing with the racket of a hockey game on satellite tv and an old eagles song wailing on the jukebox that squatted near the unisex restroom and the entryway to the game room in back .
before her highly persuasive friend could launch into a counteroffensive argument for why alex needed to stay , a loud roar of masculine enthusiasm went up from the area of the bar .
` ` i know , '' she said , then jerked her thumb over her shoulder toward the bar area .
skeeter had been a little afraid as he was escorted via armed guards from the vehicle and through the main building , into a secured area that looked like some kind of research facility , pimped out in shiny stainless steel exam tables and easily a few million bucks in computer equipment .
the place was quiet inside , only the hum of the overhead fluorescent lights that tracked from the vacant reception area down the hallway toward the examination rooms .
not long afterward , alex was flying them over the dark wilderness landscape , with kade in the copilot 's seat and three of his breed brethren huddled in the cargo area behind them .
chapter 10 the house is enormous ; an overly large living room , a large dining area and a very long hallway that has a lot of shut doors .
we 'll hang out on the bottom floor in the club area , next to the stairway .
at the end of the hall , the area opens up into a large , but crowded room .
the whole area looks like it 's lit up with twinkling christmas lights .
red rays of light shimmer around the tiny storage area as the ceiling lights reflect against the glass .
aislin puts up countless charms all over the house , so many that i even set off a few by accident when i simply walked into the wrong areas of the house .
my fellow little person took charge of the rear areas of the theatre , leaving me to handle the front rows .
when he moved purposefully across the receiving area toward her , alexia sidled sideways and inserted herself seam - lessly into a nearby conversation .
feeling slightly more the thing , she exited the changing room and was escorted downstairs back into the receiving area , with its brown leather armchair .
once more prisoner instead of guest , miss tarabotti was dragged unceremoniously back toward the confinement area on the other side of the club grounds .
his combat boots were silent on the concrete floor as he moved through the storage and cleanup area , toward the center of the small plant .
stepping around the silenced corpse , brock parted the plastic curtain and walked into the main processing area of the building .
in this area of the building , sides of beef and pork hung suspended on large hooks .
he followed along to the bunk area , as stealthy as a ghost .
there was a hard squeak of a spigot handle , followed by the bang of kade 's shower door as he stepped out and walked into the connected dressing area .
at home in the dark , his vision sharper here than in the light , brock peeled off his leather coat and draped it on the sofa before continuing on through the living area to the adjacent bunk room .
special agent phillip cho did n't keep her waiting so much as five minutes in the eighteenth - floor reception area .
after declining a cup of stale afternoon coffee , she was led past a sea of cubicles to a conference room just off the main office area .
hunter was part of the order 's operation tonight , as well , but he 'd jumped out of the rover a block before their rendezvous point in order to move in stealth and run a perimeter check of the building and the surrounding area .
but before any of them could take the first step , brock heard the softest click of metal coming from an area deeper in the shadows of the second floor .
she pivoted to pull the collection of file folders and notepads out of the cargo area , then climbed out of the vehicle with her friends .
crowded as the dining area and bar was , the air conditioner could n't keep up with the heat generated .
the man would no doubt return to his friends and leave before she finished with owen and made her way back out to the dining area .
dignity restored , victor continued on out into the dining area .
she opened the door to show them a large room with a king - sized bed , a sitting area with a couch , chair and table , and a small refrigerator .
each room was outfitted with a king - sized bed , a sitting area , its own small refrigerator , and an en suite bathroom .
` ` good morning , '' mabel greeted her with surprise as she came around the corner into the kitchen - dining area .
the left side was the carpeted living room area with a sofa , two chairs , a fireplace , and entertainment unit .
katricia followed when he carried them carefully over to the kitchen area , but stayed to hover over the soup pan when he set it on the stove to cool .
she stepped out of the hall into a large room with the right side an open living area separated from the kitchen and dining room on the left by a long counter .
he asked , carrying her around the kitchen counter into the living - room area .
sure enough , over in the designated smoking area , adrian was leaning against an ornate fence in the shade of an orange tree , lighting up .
off to the side of the seating area , a family with seven children smiled back at me .
the three of us stepped inside , into an entry area that was used to sell tickets during the greenhouse 's normal operating hours .
a central area had been cleared and set with seats draped in flowers , very much like what you 'd see at a human wedding .
a dais at the front of the seating area was covered in more flowers and was obviously where the couple would take their vows .
colleen led us to three seats on the right side of the seating area , marked with a reserved sign .
i stayed outside this time , preferring a brightly lit public area to the dingy interior .
we stepped inside to find a cute little lobby with an ornate desk and a sitting area with wicker furniture .
i had no difficulties checking in through the main reception again , but as predicted , we had a small delay in getting to the secure area .
after looking in almost all the interior areas , i stepped into the outer peristyle .
obviously she 'd dozed off and they 'd reached the kitchener / waterloo area .
he 'd let them off by the food court , a large area with tables in the middle and a variety of restaurant vendors circling it .
` ` well , this definitely beats that , '' she said with amusement , peering around the large open kitchen / dining area and the larger living room beyond .
there was also a curving staircase between the living room and dining room that led down into a basement with another sitting area and two more bedrooms .
sighing as she stepped off the stairs , jeanne louise crossed the sitting area to the bedroom where paul and livy were ... or where they were supposed to be .
the basement was half above ground and a small area had been dug out and reinforced so that a door could be installed along with a short six - step stairwell up to the backyard .
as she followed them into the pretty blue room with a king - sized bed and sitting area , she said , ` ` and this door leads into the en suite bath . ''
jeanne louise approached the area where the men had set up their nets , watching the game underway as she went .
as she followed the security guard back to the emergency area it occurred to her that paul had wanted to drive himself to the hospital .
we took the step up together onto the carpeted rest area , and i took a fast breath as my momentum cycled down to nothing in two seconds flat .
we were passing the rest area , and i caught marshal 's eye .
my gaze scanned the dark grounds as i followed trent into his private underground parking area , squinting until my eyes adjusted to the electric lights .
` ` i 'd appreciate you waiting for me in the common area upstairs before going in to see quen , '' he was saying as i pulled up beside the two guys and put the car into park .
tucked in the back was an open , normal - size kitchen and an informal dining area .
hiding my tension behind a false smile , i took the three steps down into the sunken area .
trent left the sunken area , and i relaxed .
i watched him rise out of the sunken area and walk away , pitying him .
the common area was empty but for the intern on the couch , his mouth hanging open as he snored .
though the rest of the room was a mess , the five - by - eight area he was in was clean and vacuumed .
after a moment 's hesitation , he pulled back the curtain dividing the waiting area from the private rooms of the salon .
the living area and bedrooms down that hallway , where the bathroom is , are quarters for my staff .
a sitting area and a library were here .
pursing his lips , he closed the file and rose , headed out of the study toward the pool area .
the glassed area gave her a view of her rose garden and the statue in the middle , a fountain with water sprites cavorting around pan .
as the water splashed down on them , he moved them so they were behind the curtain of the fall , a small area just big enough for the two of them standing close together , the heavy sheet of water making them disappear from view of the others , closing them into their own world .
he gave her a glance , but said nothing as they moved into the deck area .
with an oath , he pulled her out of the dangerous area , feeling the touch of the early morning breeze coming through the open hole as he went down on his knees next to her .
nudity in the dressing area of the circus was one thing .
with a curl of his lip that could only be called a snarl , he turned on his heel and headed for the kitchen , leaving her alone in the dining area .
it was coming from the den area , which she knew was his preferred place for leisure time , though he did n't take much of it .
the den library was a sunken area .
of the dozen or so people crowded into the stonehenge area , elena recognized only one as a worker .
` ` we 'll drive to the warehouse area , '' she said .
check the warehouse area again - this time , her way .
rashel was heading for the area between two of the warehouses .
as quinn dragged her into the hall , she saw dark smoke come billowing from the dining - room area .
the door flung open and i stumbled into a barely lit area .
buildings , businesses , and boats were crowded into a small , frenetic area by the mississippi river .
` ` i always cover my tracks , '' damon said defensively as we rushed through the door of the containment area and into the front offices .
` ` a final cup , then , '' he muttered , turning toward her sitting area .
his gaze flickered over the shadowed corners of the gilded sitting area , then up to scan the vaulted ceilings .
one corridor branched off from this sitting area , opening up into a wing with scores of bookshelves .
this is the only area of the underground where we did nt see the van come and go .
when he finally departed the library , he found gideon as well as elijah ingram waiting in the parking area .
she unerringly headed in his direction as the lights were restored to the bleacher area .
he passed one outdoor lounge area by a pool where a masked servant was on her knees being made to stroke a standing male vam- pire to climax .
there were two exit points , marble staircases that made matching crescent shapes to the bottom , inviting guests into the gardens and play areas .
rising and moving toward the bathing area , she slid off the straps of her nightgown , letting it pool at her feet .
gliding into the bathing area , a small , raven - haired goddess with skin like cream , she closed the door , sending a ripple of annoyance through him .
on the outskirts of these areas were small tents for the jewelers and craftsmen his mistress had mentioned .
in the center of the court- yard the largest marked - out area was for the council .
an elegant frieze had been propped behind the bowl in the hollowed - out area , depict- ing a medieval lady among a meadow of stone flowers .
the area was narrow and dim , providing privacy , the shadows protecting them from too close a scrutiny .
on the way , she saw hunters traveling close to the castle walls on the outside levels , mov- ing in three - man teams to flush out smaller groups of vampires and servants who 'd not been in the ballroom area .
but as she hovered at her vantage point , she saw the open verandah and ball- room area were the most vulnerable points to detonation .
dragging her flailing mother behind her , shaye raced toward the reception area , toward the laughing voices , soft music and unsuspecting guests .
in the hall and dining area , the walls had been bare , as if someone had stolen the gems .
he stalked from the main room and into the bathing area without another word , leaving her alone .
when she reached the outer bathing area , she picked up speed .
for twenty minutes he searched the main areas : the dining hall - receiving curious glances - the training room , the weapons room in case she 'd gotten lost .
she opened it to its widest , so that elena could see two officers , and the officers could see elena , stefan , and meredith , al of whom had just arrived from the kitchen area .
and a living area .
as they approached a gate made of chicken wire that would finally let them out of the slave - holding area , they were stopped by what elena would later learn was a guardian .
it was clear that the owner of this estate could afford any kind of extravaganza her heart desired , and that above all things what she enjoyed the chiefest was music , for in each area , splendidly - sometimes bizarrely - dressed orchestra were playing , or there might be only one famous soloist , singing from a high gilded cage perhaps twenty - five feet above the ground .
damon had to bribe them to be allowed in to the area where stefan 's cell was , to go in alone , without one guard per visitor , and to allow elena , a slave , to go in to see a free vampire .
standing arrangements were placed to shield an area around a fountain into an intimate nook where couples could sit .
apparently , the same words were going through the mind of someone else , because suddenly a figure dashed in from the kitchen area .
the elevator doors opened onto a sleek and empty reception area , all grays and whites under soft lighting .
below the mezzanine was a dance floor , with a small bandstand , and a sprawling lounge area of small cocktail tables and squat comfortable leather chairs .
there was the de rigueur giant television set , and the cleverly concealed refrigerator , and even a small sitting area with pale tastefully shaped little couch , coffee table , and upholstered chair .
the upper level contained the sitting area and the doors to the veranda , over which the thick draperies had been pulled , admitting almost no visible light .
instead i hung about in the larger lounge areas , dark glasses securely in place , and hair plastered back with a thick dollop of grease which a confused young steward had obligingly given me upon request .
the sweet scent of her , so at odds with her warrior personality , suddenly seemed to infuse every crevice of the surrounding area , yet he caught no glimpse of her .
the hats still dangled from long chains so that patrons had to push their way through swaying tendrils , but the secret door was now even more well hidden behind a curtained - off back area , and he had expanded recently , opening up a men 's hats and accessories section .
prudence took refuge behind the spokes of the center area .
prudence the wolf cub made a circuit of the room , jumping up on people , trying to squirm under furniture and overturning it , and generally causing the kind of mayhem expected of an extremely energetic puppy wearing a pink frilly dress and confined to a small area .
he asked of the curtained off area .
the hotel was busy trying to eject the legion of tunstell devotees , when a vision of horror came down the stairs and into the hotel reception area .
there was an area clearly used for sleeping , another for cooking , and one tented corner that alexia could only assume was meant for doing one 's private business .
in the hotel , she caught sight of madame lefoux and ivy in one of the private parlors off the reception area .
chapter five the suite was two normal hotel rooms connected by a living / dining area , with a dining table and chairs at one end and a couch , chair , and television at the other .
mirabeau followed elvi through an open kitchen with a breakfast counter , then into a large dining area with a beautiful fireplace .
she gestured to each in turn as their group came to a halt and spread out a bit in the dining area .
` ` here we are , '' elvi said cheerfully , steering them into a large room with a king - sized bed and sitting area .
` ` harper lost his life mate and is having a rough time of it , '' victor murmured , coming back into the dining area .
cole found his sister as early as possible , and beckoned her into the main sitting area .
they strode toward the dressing area at the back of the bath hall .
but here in the spacious area between the foot of his bed and his adjoining bathroom , the area where his big dresser had sat but was now conveniently moved across the room , i blocked punch after punch , kick after kick .
but here in the spacious area between the foot of his bed and his adjoining bathroom , the area where his big dresser had sat but was now conveniently moved across the room , i blocked punch after punch , kick after kick .
my classmates and i were sitting in a semicircle on the floor in the reading area .
his eyebrows rose at the sight of all the weapons in the caged - off area in the back .
she paced around the large room , weaving a trail around the couch and through what appeared to be a kitchen and dining area .
he pushed open the door and led her toward a garden area .
when we got back to my sleeping area , a young vampire had taken away our coffins and was stringing up hammocks .
` ` jagger 's somewhere out here , '' he began , ` ` hidden in a dark , secluded area or building big enough for two coffins , '' he said .
his burn would heal - in fact , it already was , his accelerated breed metabolism mending the seared skin as lex 's feet carried him into the main area of the lodge .
the answer to that question came in the form of a drunken female cackle - several drunken females , by the sound of the laughter and squealing going on in the main area of the lodge .
renata spun around and headed back up the paneled corridor toward the main living area of the lodge , a terrible panic beginning to rise up her throat .
there was no one waiting as daylight filled the hangarlike opening , but then if the place was held by the breed , anyone manning this area would be turning crispy after just a few minutes on the job .
now , a few yards away , at the area used for target practice , a quintet of pistols were being fired one after the other , paper bull's - eyes at the other end shredded into minuscule confetti .
lost in dark thoughts as he paced the back of the weapons room , lucan did n't realize the training area 's doors were sliding open until gideon came rushing through them .
he took a quick headcount of the hooded breed males as they strode as a group toward another area of the place .
they do n't like it when us rough men go past the nurses ' desk and into the women 's area . ''
i spotted edden 's squat form at the edge of the cordoned - off area , and he turned when i shouted .
inside , a garbage bag turned over ; apples thudded to the floor , the area thick with them .
before they could answer , she came out of the restroom area dressed in a black sanctuary t - shirt that matched aimee 's .
she glanced over to the game area .
as he left the back room and headed to the store area , he realized how much the two of them had already done .
his mom 's small bedroom and then the ` ` big '' room that had a kitchen area in it .
nick dropped his backpack by the door before he crossed the small area to hug her .
nick shot across the floor , to an area of relative safety so that he could figure out what was going on .
he had to give mark and bubba credit as he glanced around the back area .
four guards , shotguns cradled at the ready , stood around adarian 's area that was separated from the general prison population by a fence topped with razor wire .
impatient to leave , he stood up and started pacing the small walk area in the center of the waiting room .
bubba 's mama asked as she came through the black curtains that separated the back area from the front .
while the large area they were seated in was covered with a green - and - white - striped awning , it was still open and exposed to the elements ... and to insects , to say nothing of the birds that hopped between human and metal legs , scrounging for scraps .
as kody reached the swinging door that led back into the public area , she looked back at cherise .
nick scooted back in the cage , hoping whatever it was , it could n't bite through steel and that it kept walking past his area .
it was beautiful and spacious , containing wondrous open areas and colonnades and all the perfection of greek art even at that early age .
in one area , humans moved sluggishly , encased in very bright colored plastic suits and with ominous windowed helmets worthy of modern warriors .
i wanted to see the area of paris where once les innocents , the ancient cemetery , had existed - beneath which , in torch - lit catacombs , armand and his children of satan coven had held court .
a great harmony held it all together , and gradually my eyes saw that much that had been done here was ancient and fading , yet other areas were fresh and still smelled of the pigment and plaster recently applied .
there was a car just outside , a massive red pierce - arrow , with silver curtains over the windows of the passenger area , concealing the inhabitant 's face .
the zombie bear was already upon him , barreling into him headfirst , butting the wizard backward , arms flailing into the main area of the second level .
it was n't a particularly large building , three floors , six apartments , surrounded by a small front parklike area that had always managed to insert a little color in the summer without requiring maintenance or inviting anyone to linger .
the gray - brown mortar with its perfect slope showed markings and cracks in several areas .
the facade was pillared and porticoed , a gloriously winged and weeping angel sat atop the vaulted roof , and a cast - iron gate opened to the small altar area that separated the rows of the family 's individual tombs .
that way the fragments of the body that remained could be swept to a holding area just beyond the length of the individual tomb , and another dead family member could join those who had gone before in this final resting place .
if someone had been laid to rest where he lay , their remains had long since given way to the furnace - heat of summer , and they had been swept back to the holding area .
resolved , alison opened the door between the waiting area and the builder 's office .
i do n't know if there 's any debris or anything in that attic , but i assume there is , so you 're going to need to grab whatever you can - if you can - and put it in that area , where they ca n't get it .
all other thoughts melted from pasha 's mind as they followed her into the warmest area in the castle .
he 'd arranged them all tastefully in one corner of the pawnshop , so they had their own little area .
but madonna simply drove out of the parking area , veered right past the abandoned building to the rear of the pawnshop , and then bumped across the landscape : mostly bare dirt , dotted with patches of grass , cactus , clumps of bushes and trees , with plenty of space between .
on her way back to the parking area .
the old man was standing at an especially large monument in the middle of the ` ` occupied '' area .
but cars and trucks and vans began to fill the spaces on the graveled parking area , and fiji and creek sighed simultaneously and got out of the car to walk to the door .
he retreated to the shop area .
he helped her into her jacket and tugged her out of the microfiche area .
a few hours after dismissing the slave she 'd sent him , without taking a single drop of blood from the girl , his hunger had overwhelmed him and he 'd marched to the slave quarters , an area that was more like a harem than anything , where the humans could roam freely , even though they did n't want to roam .
a man in his forties , wearing a sauce - stained apron , walked into the dining area .
raquel lived not far from the central archway that connected the girls ' dorms to the classroom areas ; to me , it sounded like the noise was coming from there .
lucas and i kissed constantly - all the time , before breakfast in the morning , as we went to our different dorm areas at night , and basically pretty much any other time we could be alone together for an instant .
when i got within a few feet of the area above raquel 's room , i heard a scrape along the roof : long , slow , and probably deliberate .
screwing up my courage , i sneaked into the guys ' dorm area .
i was watching from the hallway of the classroom area , just a couple of stories up , so i could see the ornaments on the hoods : jaguar , lexus , bentley .
balthazar stepped to the edge of the fencing area , his mask still tucked under one arm .
the area was hardly bigger than the one cot that was pushed against the wall .
the area for blood donations was closed - not surprising , this early in the morning .
some people shuffled off to an area where several cast - iron cots were lined up .
it was a small cinder block room off the first aid area , one both tinier and grosser than in most gas stations .
this area of the bookstore was still empty , but i talked around the v word anyway .
then we changed into our workout clothes and headed to their makeshift exercise area .
they had maps of new york city up in the patrol area , with different routes marked out .
we ' ve got a vamp around here , and we 'll all be watching the roof and the nearby area to get a glimpse of our visitor .
at first i thought this area seemed too secure to be a big vampire hangout - but then i realized that the elegant surroundings reminded me of the vampires of evernight .
at first i headed in the general direction of the area where we took our meals ; lucas would ' ve been on his way to eat dinner , so that was the most likely place for him to be .
the building - a harbor station - seemed to be one room , fairly small , with a raised area closer to the water and a deeper hollow in the back that had obviously been used for storage .
while i watched , aghast , he latched the other cuff around the metal railing that surrounded the storage area .
a few kids splashed in the kiddie area , but for the moment i had the deep end to myself .
the table and chairs would be the dining area , and we put the hula - girl lamp on the table .
the pool area looked even more torn up than the rest .
lucas hit the nearest door and pulled me through into a long hallway that connected the pool area to the rest of the building .
mostly it looked like the pool area had - heaped high with trash , rags , bits of old paper , half - empty bottles of booze , cigarettes , and lighters .
and one place - the area at the very top of the south tower , right above my parents ' apartment - felt shut off to me completely , in a way that gave me cold shivers .
later that night , still dazed with disappointment and worry for lucas , i drifted down into the main area of the school - deserted , this late at night .
i wanted to laugh , but just then - as we were reentering the classroom area - we heard the commotion .
no sooner had they walked out of the common area than lucas walked in .
that bed was larger than their entire sleeping area had been in his childhood home .
flushes from the other area of the bathroom told skye they were n't alone - and if everybody did n't already know thanks to madison , they all would soon .
it was stuffed to the gills with beautiful people in one - of - a - kind dresses , white - gloved waiters wielding untouched appetizer trays , and quite possibly every hair product in the tristate area .
a plant - filled courtyard dominated her front lawn , featuring terra - cotta birdbaths , lush floral arrangements , and tasteful sitting areas .
it was n't only the fact that a twelve - foot wall surrounded the entire pool area , it was the keen knowledge that i did not belong here - even if i was a guest of honor .
she led me to the edge of the pool area , where plants spilled from terra - cotta pots and part of the stone wall gave way to a rocky waterfall .
i thought i spotted a glimpse of yellow as i darted past an area exposed to the front door , but i did n't hesitate .
the floors were bare in all communal areas , as were the stone walls .
we entered into the sitting area , which contained a tall bookcase and a large black couch .
we continued walking until we reached the bottom floor , where there was a dining hall and what appeared to be a kitchen area .
once he was out of sight , i walked toward the kitchen area and stopped outside a door just before the entrance to the kitchen .
i had been sitting in the waiting area , probably reading a book or a magazine or on my phone texting .
at the top of the escalator , i hung a right and moved quickly through an area of low tables and oversized gift books .
i paced the big storage area .
it landed , of course , in the same area of the depressed cushion .
at that moment , the spotlight shifted to an area where the king and queen of the realm had been dining at one end of the arena .
i met veronica in the back near the loading area .
at the upstairs landing , dim light spilled over the railing , illuminating a loft - like area filled with crap .
i focused on that area as i circled the structure again .
i even paced the small area in the bathroom and rubbed my neck and debated internally , and in the end , i packed the sealed juice bottle full of my dark plasma into a small styrofoam container .
i swept through a long , arched tunnel full of hanging vines , past the sitting area of an outdoor cafe , nodded at a large tour group leaving the museum , and stepped inside orange county 's only significant cultural museum .
the roof area , which sported many walkways and ramps that led to various floors and balconies , looked like something out of a medieval fairy tale .
a narrow catwalk encircled the entire area , branching off in both directions .
i ignored my stomach , too , and followed the broad - shouldered man through hanner 's home , following a path from the front door to the dining area , a path i had taken a handful of times before this .
i stood and paced along the carpeted area before the reading chairs .
` ` stay behind me , please , and out of the crime scene area . ''
` ` these are the museum 's storage areas , '' rasputin said with a glare .
the room held a double bed with a white duvet , a marble fireplace , and a seating area in front of the windows .
far above , electric lights blazed , but the lower area was mostly dark , a shadowy world of concrete pillars , steel stairs , and a crisscrossing maze of ramps and bridges .
i have a few in my hand when i hear a noise through the doorway that leads into the cell area i was locked in .
then i race across the sandy beach toward the cliff area where nicholas knocked me out before handing me over to stephan .
` ` i want to see if there 's something back here ... '' i explain vaguely , wiping the sweat from my brow as i venture closer to the area nicholas took me down at .
he nods , then we leave aislin 's room with the box , crossing the hallway into an office area with shelves for walls that are crammed with old books , a large desk in the corner , and antique furniture .
but gin had never looked so wonderful as at the moment she 'd burst into the museum 's vault area and i 'd realized she was still alive , ending the utter agony of thinking she had been murdered by clementine and her men .
industrial supplies were crammed into the dark area .
a small dining area was off to the left .
small rooms , short hallways , odd spaces here and there that doubled back and opened up into completely new areas .
the tub also featured several shower heads which were set into the walls at various angles , hence the curtain that cordoned the area off from the rest of the bathroom .
square rooms , oval ones , even an area shaped like a pentagon , all connected by twisting hallways that curved around , doubled back on each other , and often led to the other side of the house entirely .
it opened up into a large , square living room that looked like a tornado had ripped through the area .
the enclosed portion of the upper decks wrapped around a square , open area that featured a large , parquet stage fronted by black velvet curtains .
a lone table covered with a fine white cloth sat in the middle of the rectangular area .
the door was fully open now , and more and more men circled around that area , like bloodhounds treeing a raccoon .
a rectangular butcher 's block table surrounded by several tall stools took up most of the area , while appliances done in a variety of pastel shades ringed three of the walls .
for the last ten minutes , tuxedo - clad giants moved through the area , bringing in plates , napkins , liquor , and everything else that might be needed .
i needed to leave the dining room area , and i 'd take whatever help i could get , even if it was only a few measly inches .
it was the size of a small house , with a large , formal sitting area that was all velvet couches and gilded mirrors , for ladies of a more delicate nature , should they need a place to rest and refresh their makeup .
no lights burned in the chamber , which was a sitting area , but i could still make out the crouching shapes of the thick , heavy furniture .
given the fact that the hotel did n't have any security cameras in the hallways , elevators , or common areas , i did n't have to worry about a guard spotting us on a screen somewhere and coming to see what we were up to .
i splashed bleach over the whole area and wiped it down three times , while bria straightened up the rest of the room , making sure she cleaned up all the melted traces of her elemental ice blast .
the area was n't as pristine and spotless as it would have been if sophia had been here and used her air elemental magic to sandblast the blood into nothingness , but the bleach would muddle whatever evidence it did n't outright destroy .
i kept to the edge of the cubicle area and walked down a hallway until i came to a corner office that , thanks to a scouting trip i 'd made here earlier this week , i knew was being used to store supplies .
she opened a door that led into a glassed - in sitting area , ran through that , and then shoved through the door on the other side .
` ` please proceed into the main exhibit area , '' she said in a low , smooth voice .
we reached the main exhibit area and stood to one side of the entrance , scanning the scene .
since the evening 's festivities had been centered in the rotunda area , most of the other lights had been turned down low , casting many of the hallways in darkness .
the giants had switched the lights on in those areas , the better with which to see the art they were stealing .
looking inside through the glass , i saw that the area was still dark .
the door that led toward the vault area flew open , banging into the wall so hard that it cracked the stone there .
three long tables cut through the center of the area , although their surfaces were clean and empty , i supposed so that the museum staff could open the metal boxes and sort through their contents there .
the three giants rushed through the open door that led into the vault area .
opal and dixon scurried back into the vault area to do her bidding .
` ` let 's sweep this area and go on to the next room . ''
the salon took up the back half of an old plantation house , and the area had a homey and welcoming , if cluttered , feel .
i steeled myself and stepped through the doorway after her , expecting to find some sort of twisted replica of jo - jo 's salon , but the area was completely different .
the po - po set up a staging area at the picnic tables in the park at the bottom of bone mountain , which was where i was right now .
we put the remaining food in the ice - filled coolers that we 'd brought along , then moved through the picnic area , picking up the used paper plates , cups , and utensils and throwing everything into the trash bins .
a long rectangular table made out of polished wood took up a large portion of the area , so big that it required three separate chandeliers to light the various sections .
if he was hooking up with a lover , there were plenty of bedrooms , sitting areas , and other secluded corners where a pair of paramours could meet and get down and dirty with each other .
the office was a spacious area , taking up a corner chunk of the building , and it was the only room i 'd seen so far that had a bit of luxury to it .
housekeepers dusting knickknacks in the living rooms , cooks slicing vegetables in the kitchen areas , even a guy dressed in a formal tuxedo in one of the dining rooms , like he was some stuffy english butler out of a movie ready to serve a table full of guests tea , scones , and insults .
a grate on either side of the fireplace let heat flow into both areas , while two archways , one at the front of the library and one at the back , led to the next room over .
` ` my father used this area as his office , '' sebastian said , walking past the fireplace and into the right - hand section of the library .
i was expecting another drug den , but where the basement had the thinnest veneer of opulence , this area had the clinical , sterile , in - your - face feel of a doctor 's office .
i could see into the drug den next door as clearly as if i were in the other room , although i could n't hear any noise coming from that area .
the apartment was tiny , with the main area only about twenty - five feet square .
the four - poster bed i was lying on took up one corner of the area , the pale blue silk sheets that covered my body providing a nice contrast with the glossy , golden wood of the frame .
i let myself into the house and headed for the kitchen , but the area was empty , with only the small light over the stove turned on .
we walked over to the waiting area by the wall .
a beat - up fridge took up most of the cooking area .
` ` there 's a waiting area over there , dear . ''
i turned and walked into the waiting area , which turned out to be just another office , equipped with a black leather sofa and two chairs .
a car sat in the driveway , a honda odyssey , both passenger doors and the hatch open , showing white plastic bags in the cargo area , probably from a twenty - four - hour grocery store .
i finally gave up on sleeping , crawled downstairs , made coffee , and settled down into the chair in the front seating area to drink my poison in peace .
the shower stall was divided into a dressing area and the shower itself , separated by a curtain .
the gardens burrowed into nooks in the buildings here and there , forming small sitting areas .
many were crowded on the small dance floor in front of the stage , but the area around the bar was equally packed as people fought for the bartenders ' attention .
now it served as the main bar area .
he was obviously a vamp , since the vip area was reserved for our kind .
the vip area was a large balcony overlooking the dance floor .
i settled back into one , which gave me a good view of both the vip area and the dance floor below .
low black leather couches and steel tables created conversation areas .
this place smelled different from the common areas i 'd seen so far .
the well - lit area inside the doors looked more like a hospital than a winery .
elevator doors stood at the end of the area .
i crept forward , toward the secure area , while frank and his group of vamps took a more circuitous route .
we got to the doors leading into the containment area .
at the bottom of the stairs , an open area that looked like the stage held a long table covered in colorful scarves .
` ` he also asked me to tell you the demon is n't allowed in the fight area .
as a result , i had to listen to his steady stream of complaints as she led us through the building to the area they used as a school .
she pursed her lips and watched as slade led giguhl through a curtain leading to the fight area .
the bay door opened , and michael waved at slade to pull the car into the loading area .
he led us into a storeroom off the main warehouse area .
i crawled into the van 's cargo area .
a curtain made from wooden , bone , and crystal beads separated the sales floor from the employees - only areas .
a sitting area squatted under a floor - to - ceiling window that looked down on bourbon street .
i assumed zenobia must use this floor as her living area , so one of the doors probably led to another hall or possibly a kitchen and bedroom .
she motioned to the sitting area .
palm readers sat behind card tables scattered throughout the area .
a portly human male burst through the horizontal plastic flaps separating the shop from the work area in back .
in deference to his desire to be more involved , we 'd come to an agreement about him staying in cat form while in the public areas .
when he saw the disaster area that used to be the store , his jaw went hard .
` ` how many entrances and exits are there to this area ? ''
18 not wanting to waste any time , the mancy flashed us back to our bedroom , instead of the living areas .
giguhl groaned and came to lean his elbows on the counter separating the kitchen from the living area .
the fae guards gathered up the queen and scurried her off , presumably to a more secure area .
the voice had come from the living area , where i remembered seeing a piano on my last visit .
i grabbed a quick shower and dressed before heading out to the living area .
the central garden area had several intersecting paths that stretched to a colonnade around the perimeter .
the last thing i saw before we exited the area was cain dancing down the steps like a crazy man .
the walls of the living area were light blue and painted with faded murals of nymphs and fauns .
off this area was a small kitchen with a wooden table and a tiny fridge .
the way everyone circled the fight area gave me a sense of deja vu .
adam had no idea i was looking for them instead of rhea , so he strode right through the area and made a beeline for the villa .
a small sitting area had been set up around a fire pit .
it would be too much of an energy drain to maintain our hold on them in the nondemon areas , since their bodies would be pulled back to gizal and zigal like magnets .
the upstairs area was a large open space that led out to a veranda that hung over bourbon street .
while the areas i 'd witnessed so far seemed to be the lounging spaces , this place was where the real action happened .
i moved closer now that the area around the couch had cleared out .
i passed the living area and saw brooks , zen , and giguhl chatting away and making a meal .
i do n't want to be in his blast area . ''
chapter 14 eduardo paced up and down the common area , stomping as if he had hooves and glaring at the bathroom door .
the volkodavi met me in their rooms , in a large common area .
the path climbed up , turned , climbed up again , and turned again ... we kept zigzagging up the mountain until finally we came to a small sitting area : a wooden bench with a table and some meat and bread under a wire hood .
someone distributed the bombs on separate floors in restricted areas with limited access .
we crossed the yard and walked up the white stair to the reception area .
in its other life , the inner hall housed an on - the - premises restaurant , a coffee shop , and a happy hour area , raised on a platform above the main floor , and a gift shop .
the outdoor seating area quickly began to clear of people .
it did n't take long ; the area only consisted of a tiny kitchen and a family room big enough for just one full - sized couch .
farther down the hall , the double doors to the training area opened and tate walked out .
` ` ah , querida ... '' ` ` do n't bother defending him , '' i replied , yanking open the heavy doors of the area we 'd dubbed the wreck room due to how intense training got .
once behind the warehouse , another parking area came into view , this one packed with cars .
bones came into the area , obviously having heard the disruption and my involvement in it .
` ` we can use this , '' i went on , walking over to a high - top table that butted against the half wall separating the booth area from the dance floor .
jacques had served us drinks last time i was here , even though for the life of me i did n't know how he 'd managed to procure a cold gin and tonic in this dank underground area .
once on the gangway , i could walk freely , and it did n't take me long to reach the passenger waiting area .
a van was too far off to the side of the viewing area of the closest screen to even see the movie .
we left the outside patio area and headed back to the house , the ghost trailing behind us with one hand on my shoulder .
he was at pat o'brien 's , in the outside area , drinking what i guessed was his usual whiskey .
many of the ornate couches that had lined the area around the arena months ago were absent as well .
i ' m here all the time , and i can show you theprivate party area . ''
private area , you say ?
bones was telling her i was on the menu for tonight , if that private area was discreet enough for dining .
several people , all human , glanced up when we entered what appeared to be an entertainment area .
there was a library , computer area , even an underground jacuzzi .
there were more lights strung up around the area .
i used one of the cave 's small enclosed areas as a changing room to strip out of the harlot 's dress and put on my jogging clothes .
my knives and wood - coated stakes were back at the apartment , and my second set was in the dressing area behind this unknown person .
i heard them , too , talking among themselves , calling in the medical examiner over the squawk of the police radios , taking detailed notes on how the body was found ... every head passing that area turned to gawk , so the officer directing traffic probably did n't think much of the stare bones leveled at the form on the ground that was the center of attention .
the giant moved from the restrooms to the cooking area , which ran along the back wall .
the area looked a bit worse for wear , given all the paint chips and pieces of paneling that littered the floor and all the holes that had been punched through the walls during that phony health inspection .
we entered and found ourselves in a small waiting area with padded chairs along the walls , dusty plastic palm trees in the corners , and several large boxes of tissues lined up on a glass coffee table in the middle of the room .
at the far side , an archway led to a large bedroom , and i could see a bathroom branching off that area .
i had also made antonio alter my tent so it was sectioned for privacy , my bedroom off the main entertaining area spelled for only those i let pass , into which bindi now entered , brushing past another white tent flap .
with drying blood all over me , i waved my gloved hand , waggling my fingers at the , at least , forty coms in lab coats who all slowly stopped working at their sterile workstations lining the area .
the room was structurally shaped like an upside down ' l ' , and the sleeping area was at the far end .
he bellowed in ferocity as he stalked to the living room area grasping at his chest .
rolling away from jack and blinking , i opened sleep - blurry eyes to see pearl glowing golden in the living room area , one of the couches she had demolished last evening wavering and materializing back into shape ... except it did n't look quite right .
her lips pursed and her gold eyes darted , never staying too long on one area of the hazard zone that had become our living room .
i sighed , pointing at the conference room area .
but our relationship was n't perfect anymore , and here i stood , scanning the inside of the foremost pool area .
sighing , i turned around and headed toward the spa - like area , but had to again pass by the kings at the massive opening to the main pool .
in this segment were a variety of small areas with spelled hot tubs including a few alcoves that housed many tubs , while others for privacy had only one , and sauna rooms , those areas having doors with tiny windows .
in this segment were a variety of small areas with spelled hot tubs including a few alcoves that housed many tubs , while others for privacy had only one , and sauna rooms , those areas having doors with tiny windows .
speeding past rooms with steam billowing out into the hallway , swirls of vapor my dust , i flew into the main pool area .
` ` both of you will be working in the day care area . ''
a glance at the beverage area , then back to her .
other than the few hours we were away from each other of a morning with either our punishment in the day care area or sparring with the elders , we spent our time holed up together in our room , enjoying one another , or with pearl and jack , trying to keep their minds occupied from their loss .
we were closing in on the pool area , so i gave ezra a look telling him to cut it out .
making our way through the main pool area , all four of us ignored the few who tried to grab our attention , beelining straight to the sauna and hot tub areas .
making our way through the main pool area , all four of us ignored the few who tried to grab our attention , beelining straight to the sauna and hot tub areas .
jack glanced her way , nodding at an area where mysticals of different factions were boxing .
rolling my eyes , i waved my hand toward the vampire area .
exactly two weeks after ezra and i became sexually active with one another again , the kings decided to hold a movie night down in the fighting arena , which was the largest area of clear space , since some of the natives were becoming restless as the rumors of war escalated even further , which were n't at all off base , judging from our intel meetings .
there was a gold marble desk to my direct left , a row of bookshelves lining the wall to my right , and a sitting area at the end of the room with two gold and cream couches , a cream lounge couch , a golden leather chair , and a coffee table in front of the lit fireplace .
i shouted loudly , scanning an area full of refrigerators but not a soul .
i bypassed the main areas so i did n't draw even more attention to myself , and then stopped to walk sedately through the cave 's main entrance .
it looked like a large , possibly , cargo area with enormous ropes hanging from the ceiling on gigantic hooks , their loops slightly swaying back and forth , while seven or eight other random vehicles sat parked around us with no one in them .
guess so , dominic replied , intently watching the curtained area .
both quickly agreed , and then were making their own tunneling hole through the crowd , with me still stuck in the middle , swiftly and safely exiting into the outer area of the pulsating , crowded dance floor .
her name was nikki williams , from the washington , dc area , here to kick some com ass .
ezra finished speaking with king venclaire , turning to face us as we waited in the receptionist 's area outside the oval office , and stated bluntly , ` ` let 's see it . ''
pearl and jack did n't know anything else , so there was nothing really to ask , and we stalked into the receptionist 's area , giving the look to said receptionist , who shut her mouth real fast but , as soon as we were past her , we saw her get on the phone .
my hummer was a block down the road , but when we arrived i did n't see anyone in the dimly lit area .
` ` what 's in that shadowed area over there ? ''
there 's a special area reserved for you behind the students . ''
my feet pedaled as fast as they could without the appearance of running until i got to an area where there were no tables - i watched where i was going this time - and went a few feet more , then stopped and waited .
the graduation - turned - awakening area behind king hall was almost done being rearranged as the organizers finished altering the chairs so that there was a large , empty square space on the lawn for all four mys groups going through their awakenings , with the seats surrounding it .
we strode through a huge living area decorated in straight lines and smooth textures .
once our kiss deepened , he walked me over to a ledge that ran around the large showering area .
there were old , dusty cloths draped over things in some areas , and in other places piles of crap had accumulated in no particular order , like someone might sort them later .
we were trying to reach the area where i was held the first time , thinking ray may be in a similar room .
there were various shelving units and darkened areas stacked with goods , but i should be able to get a bead on her .
` ` fine , '' ray grumbled , as he shuffled his way around the area .
he veered toward the kitchen and i continued into the enormous two - story living area .
around nine , the main area stayed full .
the battered lincoln continental floated up the lanes , right into the overflow area .
i picked my way over to another area , the one closest to the sulfur stream , and hung it carefully on a dead tree branch jutting over the pool so i could grab it when i emerged soaking wet .
seeing you , of your own free will , fighting mitch in the arena , an area off - limits except for pack challenges , must be handled carefully .
when she returned to the dining area , antonio was sitting at his usual booth in the back .
she felt like a criminal by the time she reached the international departure area for her flight .
a high - backed sofa , a comfortable overstuffed chair , and a couple of occasional tables formed a cozy conversation area .
a separate boudoir offered a makeup mirror and dressing area .
he glanced around the living area , pleased as always by his surroundings .
spotlights lit the area , making it almost as bright as day .
he was about to return to the concert area when he became aware of two things simultaneously .
fear for her own life sent megan running back toward the concert area .
i ' m at the concert area of the park . ''
it also had a kitchen area and a small round table and two chairs .
and if she did n't nag him about it , he might pull on some pants before he stood in the delivery area and shook out the bed in plain view of anyone walking or driving by .
as he walked up the path to the studio door , he glanced over the shoulder - high brick wall that separated his yard from the delivery area in front of the liaison 's office .
ask or order , it amounted to the same thing : the courtyard 's business area was closed to everyone but the members of the business association and whoever else was attending the meeting .
they stored the containers in the van that was parked in the delivery area of the dock .
i do n't want to explain to the police why a naked teenager was wandering around the delivery area . ''
merri lee asked , putting the clean containers on the small round table that functioned as a dining area .
` ` that call was the reason you wanted nathan roaming the delivery area instead of being inside the liaison 's office . ''
merri lee let out a startled yip and jumped away from the sitting area .
the rest were segregated by kind , and even when she made deliveries , she was careful not to intrude , going only to the area used for the delivery of mail and packages .
he looked at the open area that was bordered by the garages , henry 's yard , and the backs of hgr , a little bite , and the liaison 's office .
chapter 22 on watersday , meg took the broom and dustpan out of the storage area while merri lee began cleaning the kitchen area in the office 's back room .
chapter 22 on watersday , meg took the broom and dustpan out of the storage area while merri lee began cleaning the kitchen area in the office 's back room .
when the officers headed off , monty and burke crossed the delivery area to the consulate .
two humans , > jake said from his spot on the brick wall that divided the delivery area from henry 's yard .
she waited and watched until the patrol car pulled out of the delivery area and turned right on main street , heading toward the chestnut street station .
over here is a small kitchen area , stocked with sandwiches and some other foods and drinks .
standing at the back of the car with lorenzo , monty watched simon fetch paper and pen from jean before retreating to the counter in the kitchen area .
so a receiving area was built at each courtyard and is manned by someone who acts as the liaison between the humans and the others .
a kitchen area that held a half fridge , a wave - cooker , a small counter and sink , and minimal cupboards for storage .
she just set one of the bags on the bed , then took the other into the kitchen area .
storage area is next to it .
asia stared at the glass door , not daring to get closer when the shoveled delivery area was a sign that the others were up and about .
cawing announced the arrival of a handful of crows who landed on the shoulder - high brick wall that ran along the left - hand side of the delivery area .
the sorting room had a large outside delivery door , an inside delivery door that provided access to the front room , and the door with the private sign that was directly behind the three - sided counter area .
they passed one storefront before turning into the delivery area for the liaison 's office and the consulate .
wishing she had something warm to drink , she checked the cupboards in the small kitchen area .
she was about to close up for the day when a patrol car pulled into the delivery area .
they did n't stop at her office , though ; they continued up the access way between the liaison 's office and the consulate to the delivery area for the market square .
the rest of it - what there was of it - was a cargo area .
that did n't make her feel any less woozy , so she put the bow in gear and trundled the rest of the way to the hawkgard complex , which consisted of three u - shape buildings , two stories tall , that were separated by driveways that led to garages and a parking area .
if she kept going straight , she would be at the wolfgard area of the courtyard , and she did n't want to go there and take the chance of running into him .
like the other residential complexes , the green was u - shaped , with the connecting section containing the mail room , laundry area , and a social room on the second floor where movies were played on the big - screen television and a couple of tables provided an area to play board games the others had converted from the human versions of those games .
like the other residential complexes , the green was u - shaped , with the connecting section containing the mail room , laundry area , and a social room on the second floor where movies were played on the big - screen television and a couple of tables provided an area to play board games the others had converted from the human versions of those games .
` ` a pee and a poop , '' he said , walking over to a potted tree that was part of a central garden area .
meg splashed some water on her face , then returned to the living area of her apartment , determined to focus on the present and not the past because , most likely , her present could be measured in days or weeks .
he prowled the delivery area , taking in the scents around the front of the liaison 's office and the consulate .
moving away from the window , henry called , owls ! > five of them answered his call , landing on the wall that separated his studio from the delivery area .
it was a simple but efficient way to keep people from using the delivery area as a parking lot for the restaurants and other businesses across the street from the courtyard .
the only things in the kitchen area besides a jar of instant coffee and bags of herbal tea were a box of sugar lumps , a box of crackers , and a storage tin that held an open package of chocolate cookies .
the bathroom looked modestly clean , and the kitchen had a pleasant , airy feel and included a dining area .
chapter 8 timing her approach , asia drove her car into the liaison 's office delivery area and parked in a way that guaranteed her vehicle would clog up the most space .
as he straightened up , he saw her coming through the archway that led to the garages and parking area behind the complex .
he watched her go up the stairs before he took the pup over to the area sam was using as a dumping spot .
the crow joined its friends on the wall that separated the delivery area from henry 's yard .
as she drove toward the lake , she wondered if that was a warning that she should stay within the green area of the courtyard after dark .
meg stared at the snowdrifts beyond the archway that led to the parking area and garages for the green complex .
` ` got the plow out and starting on the business areas .
we 'll have to shift the snow to the mounding sites to clear some parking spaces in the lot and clear the area for the consulate and liaison 's office .
* * * asia pulled her car into the delivery area in front of the liaison 's office .
simon watched ferus take the corner spot that gave the wolf on watch a clear view of the door and the whole front area of the store .
` ` let him have the cookies , '' she muttered as she watched a white van pull into the delivery area .
then , staying low , he crossed the open area and reached the passenger 's door .
it flew over most of the delivery area and landed close to the street entrance .
when she peeked through the doorway , she saw nathan outside , moving back and forth in the delivery area , nose to the ground .
a washroom , and a storage area full of bins of clothes , some clean and some just this side of ripe .
he moved a finger around the area that contained the shops , consulate , and liaison 's office .
while there was no doubt that the human would be dismissed from his job at the consulate , there was no certainty he would get out of the courtyard , despite the short distance between the consulate 's door and the delivery area 's street entrance .
the crunch of tires on snow made all of them look toward the delivery area .
at that moment , they did n't look like much security , but she knew they 'd be awake the instant they heard footsteps or tires in the delivery area .
they pulled into the delivery area for the liaison 's office .
` ` the business area of the courtyard is usually deserted once their stores close , '' asia said .
simon wolfgard had been annoyed about the first set of firecrackers that had been tossed in the liaison 's office delivery area and the courtyard 's customer parking lot .
but he 'd been seriously pissed off about the second set of firecrackers tossed in the delivery area , because the dumb - ass teenagers had lingered on the sidewalk , taunting nathan , who slammed out of the office in challenge .
it was still a good day to get home and stay home , and with tomorrow being earthday , clearing the delivery area and the parking lot could be done leisurely .
walking back into the tiny living area , she found steve staring at the sofa with about as much distaste as she had while gaping at the bed .
whoever had gotten holiday had done it in the entrance area .
kylie and della , both checking out some tops on a nearby rack , walked back to the dressing room area .
they kept walking around to an area toward the back .
the walls were like blocks , but the floor was dirt , and there was what looked like an open passageway into another area that appeared just as dark .
towel wrapped around her chest , she hurried through the living area to her room .
up in the houston area . ''
still walking toward the palm reader 's area , chase heard someone call his name .
wall debris , like black ash from a fire , blanketed the area and three wreckers broke through , three massive third earth warriors , in kilted flight battle gear , shotguns over shoulders .
he pointed to a large living room area with floral print couches .
he immediately stood up to greet her and then saw her father coming in to the foyer area to see them off .
there was a sitting area in front of the fireplace and two walls of books on either side .
the guy said , pointing towards the bar area .
as he stood on line and waited , he saw michelle through the opening of the kitchen and the dining area .
she tumbled into the cargo area and rolled against the back door .
cassie recoiled and scuttled back into the relative security of the cargo area .
she leapt over the console , and hopped into the backseat before flinging herself into the cargo area .
devon hung back as the lost box was placed into the cargo area of the suv .
devon led the way into a back room lined with booths and away from the raucous of the crowded bar area .
` ` we found a storage area , '' julian informed them .
devon 's strides were long and purposeful as he carried her past the racks of merchandise and toward the back area where the feed was kept .
devon stomped his shoes off before entering the porch area , though once he got inside he did n't know why he had bothered to clean them off .
cassie glanced around the cafeteria , searching for an escape , but they had slipped into the inner area of the lunch line .
the doors closed behind her , blocking most of the ringing and voices , leaving her in the near blissful silence of the outdoor eating area .
it would n't be long before the tables were taken in , and the outdoor area was closed for the winter .
the crowded area was loud as kids shouted , laughed , and threw things at one another .
keegan remained at his side as he made his way into the main living area .
though the palace had electricity , his father had never installed it in these lower areas as a way to exert his control , and torment the servants forced to reside in the dark .
it had been a long time since braith had been in his father 's private living area .
they made headway , fighting the vampires back into the area of the hideaway where the passages branched off .
victoria turned toward the house , which had crumbled in on itself in some areas and still blazed angry orange and red .
satisfied that the room would appear untouched , she closed the door and turned to feel her way around the pitch - black area .
she 'd never had occasion to traverse the backstairs area of st . heath 's row , but she obviously knew the layout of the portions of the house common to the marquess and marchioness .
max stopped when they came to one of the back doors that obviously led from the servants ' area to the main part of the house .
so convenient that it made her wonder what the area had been used for when the villa was fully inhabited .
it was spare of furnishings and decor , which would imply that the area the ladies now traversed was part of the servants ' quarters .
only one sconce lit the area , as it had when she 'd left perhaps twenty minutes earlier , but she recognized him .
all of these thoughts rambled through her mind as she left the main area of the deserted consilium .
she had to get him out of her room and , hopefully , back to his ... or at least to a different area of the house .
they lit the small area with an evil glow , casting enough illumination that she could see part of his face .
chapter 13 a wager is made after her interlude with sebastian , victoria stubbornly stayed away from all areas of the ship 's deck when the stars and moon were out , confining her strolls to sunlit ones.it was odd seeing him every day , including during those daytime walks around and between the masts and other objects fixed to the deck .
max could be anywhere ; he could be in a completely different area of the villa .
they seemed to be congregating in a central area near the stage .
her body gave a sudden lurch as max shoved her through , and she tumbled out onto the dirt - worn area outside the door .
beauregard was seated in the center of the stage in a large chair that victoria recognized as having come from the props area .
it was a vast area , the foyer of grantworth house .
she suspected that would be a losing battle , as charley could n't comprehend denying maximilian anything , including the freedom to walk into any area of the house without being announced .
she noticed that phillip had moved them along the terrace to a more private corner , still within the bounds of propriety as they stood out in the open in a well - lit area , but away from the wide - flung doors and chatter of the ballroom .
it was a less likely location for something like the book of antwartha , but at least he could eliminate it before having to slink around on the main area , where he was more likely to be found out .
he 'd come along , showed her another way out from the back area , and helped to call max 's carriage around .
phillip , who was standing on the edge of the sunlight - infused area , dodged from the danger zone .
most of the vampires had advanced , collecting around them , blocking them into the round yellow area that spanned perhaps eight feet .
she drove near the freight hold , the area of the plane she was best acquainted with , down toward the tail , stopping beneath the rear exit door .
all commercial aircraft were constructed with specified ` ` chop - out '' areas .
the lr in boeing 777 - 200lr stood for long range , and as a c - market model with a top range exceeding 9,000 nautical miles ( nearly 11,000 u.s . ) and a fuel capacity of up to 200,000 liters ( more than 50,000 gallons ) , the aircraft had , in addition to the traditional fuel tanks inside the wing bodies , three auxiliary tanks in the rear cargo hold - thus the need for a safe chop - out area .
all they could see were the two jump seats inside the between - classes area , both unoccupied .
the similarly attired administrator then pressed a plunger button , opening an interior set of doors , and eph felt the vacuumlike pull upon entering , the result of the negative - pressure system , air flowing into the isolation area so that no particles could blow out .
the patient area was a suite of eight small rooms .
` ` in the cargo area .
he walked out of the containment area and through the narrow space between the great doors of the hangar , into the doomed light of the day .
jfk international airport the families of the deceased passengers and crew of regis air flight 753 were encouraged to take a break from paperwork and red cross coffee ( decaf only for the aggrieved ) , and walk outside onto the tarmac in the restricted area behind terminal 3 .
` ` overhead flight crew rest area , '' said eph .
they climbed back down the outside stairs to the area of the hangar reserved for cargo , where food - service carts were now being opened and inspected .
which means ... '' nora said , ` ` are we formulating a theory that someone got up into the overhead flight crew rest area from the cargo hold ? ''
he found the van , a dinged - up , road - dirtied , white econoline with no back windows , at the very end of the lane , parked astride a coned - off corner work area of fluttering tarp and crumbled stone where part of the overhead support had cracked .
nora said , ` ` did you happen to spend any time up in the crew rest area ? ''
` ` do you know anything about a large cabinet loaded into the cargo area ? ''
` ` out in the waiting area , '' said dr . kempner .
augustin ` ` gus '' elizalde sat slumped in the back of the dining area with his pinch - front hat on the seat next to him .
he had waited in a glass - walled prebooking area all night , stuck with many of the same thieves , drunks , and perverts he was caged in with now .
he replayed the scene from the booking area in his mind .
a laundry area and an old - fashioned pinball machine .
the partition opened between the prisoner area and the front cab .
palmer had expressly forbidden him to enter the patio area .
dawn waved the gun at sara , indicating the wall separating sara 's living area from the kitchen .
in between was a sitting area with a flat screen on the wall , a computer on a desk nearby , a telephone , printer and any other electronic gadget one might need to conduct business .
the space was already carpeted , painted and had a hidden closet and laundry area behind the sofa in the center of the room .
those areas were constructed of bricks and mortar and had n't been used in a very long time .
the plastic chairs in the waiting area were n't comfortable , either , making his discomfort more pronounced .
nor is this , '' aedan reached out and casually snapped off a piece of granite from the breakfast bar , which separated the kitchen from the living area .
` ` this is so messed up , '' sali echoed ashe 's words as he stared at drivers and agents loading bags into cargo areas .
adele put the truck in gear and pulled out of the tiny parking area behind the store .
the anderson 's kitchen was below ground and only the garden room and a sitting area were above .
radomir found what he was searching for in harold 's aboveground sitting area .
ashe was hovering in the cargo area as his father drove to pat roberts ' farm .
ry and tory seldom saw the inside of the lengthy bunk area where the guards actually slept .
nissa was still turning her father 's words over in her mind as she sat with her brothers in the pool area .
they were waiting in a reception area of belancour manor until the contingent from grey house arrived .
a supply of extra towels , sheets and blankets were hidden inside a cramped closet , and all of it was fronted by a tiny kitchen area located behind an outer office with a desk .
he asked , as we stood in the bare living area .
the walls in this area were white , but all three bedrooms had been painted a red so dark , it was nearly black .
we all sat at the small , round table in the tiny kitchen area .
i 'd chosen to sit on a nice sofa inside the living area of our suite .
they 'd found a portable computer with information on the space station orbiting le - ath veronis , plus specs for the shuttles , the landing area and the casinos .
the tiny reception area was barely big enough to contain all of them , but lynx found a way .
new hesperia 's city hall housed multiple offices , a meeting chamber , a kitchen area which held shelves of blood substitute and a bank of refrigerators quietly humming , keeping blood substitute cold in case you preferred it that way .
you can set them up on the other side of narissa 's area , and she can talk to them through the shield . ''
glinda was sleeping in the bedroom of the suite - he and jayd were in the reception area .
that 's sealed up now , by the way , and the entire area has been warded against the ra'ak or anyone else trying to get in . ''
comfortable furniture was scattered in a seating area , surrounding a wide , low table .
` ` i went to the police station to use the public computer kiosk , '' i said , walking past him into the dining area of the basement .
i got up to get my bags from the small living area .
` ` no , '' i snapped , dropping the towel onto a chaise in my sitting area .
rene was right behind tony ; dalroy , rhett , winkler and newly appointed director bill jennings were right behind rene in our small sitting area .
roff hauled a pillow and blanket down and slept on the sofa in the underground living area .
roff stopped chopping vegetables and came to me as soon as i made my way up the stairs and into the kitchen area .
after i was clean and dressed , i walked out to the small living area of the guesthouse , located next to the kitchen .
kifirin dropped me off in the living area of the guesthouse , seconds after we 'd left it .
i sat down angrily on the sofa in the living area , right in front of the window there .
my suite had a nice bath plus a small sitting area , and i was betting i had the best bedroom inside the safe house .
` ` we know you 're vampire , '' the blonde 's husband remarked as they led griffin and me toward a sitting area behind the kitchen .
i grabbed a newspaper and stalked out to the living area .
* * * as messages go , mine was received loud and clear ; the news program i heard when i walked into the living area the following evening was abuzz with it .
i 'd strolled into the living area to get my news fix , carrying a bag of blood .
karzac led me down a flight of polished wood steps to the kitchen and living area below and i stared in amazement at an open wall .
i was sulking on the sofa in my sitting area and the television was on but muted .
madame secretary seemed to know tony - they engaged in brief conversation before both were greeted by their host and led inside the formal dining area .
joey 's bedroom was nice and quite large , with its own bath and small sitting area .
the master bedroom held a huge bed , a nice library and sitting area plus a large bath with marble everywhere .
nothing happened on our way to the venue ; the secret service was everywhere when we stopped in a sheltered area at a prestigious hotel and the president was ushered inside .
thomas williams and kipp north were both in the living area with the grand master and thomas was clearly upset .
merrill sat across from gavin and me later in the small , safe house living area .
he had a huge suite with a separate sitting area , shelves for his current reads , a large flat screen on the wall and a little bar area that held a fridge and a small sink .
he had a huge suite with a separate sitting area , shelves for his current reads , a large flat screen on the wall and a little bar area that held a fridge and a small sink .
the smokers at the courthouse where i used to work would congregate in an area outside and a little cloud would rise over their heads whenever several of them got together .
we believe the items in question are locked away somewhere in a basement or underground storage area .
i led him to my sitting area , which held a sofa , a chair and a chaise .
i was pulled inside the roped - off area and shown where to stand , which was in a corner with weldon .
winkler and weldon had connecting doors and i was set up in the living area of weldon 's suite so i could provide night security for the grand master .
i sat outside in weldon 's little sitting area , doing my duty as a bodyguard while he took a shower and cleaned up .
weldon commandeered the front passenger seat so winkler , kelvin and i got the back seat of the van while our luggage was piled in the cargo area .
he was n't in bed ; he was on the sofa in the sitting area , watching television .
he was facing the door , i had the bar area .
gavin and i dutifully dropped our bags off in the large sitting area of the guesthouse , and he claimed the bedroom nearest the door , just like last time .
the kitchen was as clean as i could make it before starting on the living area and media room .
my skin was prickling for some reason when i walked into the living area and i could n't really say why .
gavin must have been in his bedroom , he was n't in the living area or the kitchen .
this bedroom was more modern with a nice comforter on the bed , lots of pillows and shams , a sitting area , dressers and an armoire , plus a walk - in closet to die for .
i 'd found a couple of mysteries to bring with me , so i left gavin in the tiny living area and went into my bedroom to read .
ben stuck his feet into his sandals and headed down the path toward the employee area .
roped - off areas and wooden boardwalks marked swim areas that housed dolphins .
it 's like there really is another level of the ship below our feet , a level i never knew of , one that has , apparently , a genetic research lab , a second water pump , a huge section marked ` ` storage - important '' and a very small area labeled simply ` ` contingency . ''
there was a section marked ` ` contingency , '' but this elevator does n't go there ; it goes to the area marked ` ` storage - important . ''
stepping over a pile of dirty clothes , i make my way to the neatest area of the room - the desk .
elder glowers at it as he leads me to an iron staircase set against the side of a series of brightly painted trailers stacked on top of the working area .
but there is one area that is full of locked doors , doors locked with a keypad whose code even eldest did n't know .
i should have assumed that the lights would operate like this - this whole area is part of the ship 's original design .
the image wobbles , scanning the cramped , small area and the solid metal floor before spinning around toward the control panel .
you know what 's right above the contingency area ? ''
the cryo area is empty - except for the far wall .
go to the storage area and cool down . ''
` ` but that 's not what i was looking at , '' i say , pointing to the right of the steel plate , to the area that is nearly hidden behind the ramp .
the cryo chamber area in the shuttle has already been converted to a scientific laboratory .
several metal panels are missing on the floor and walls , exposing storage areas that hid microscopes , burners , and other scientific instruments .
jets must be stored in the rectangular areas sunken into the ground so that whoever controls this compound can lift them up to ground level , position them , and use this asphalt as a runway .
a man was standing in the waiting area of the gate next to mine .
the monarchs ' table sat in the open area in the center of the room , between the two raised sets of bleacherlike seats that were filled with patrons .
we stroll with exaggerated calm , and he points out an area occupied with people snapping pictures .
` ` you know , '' i say carefully , ` ` i just heard someone say that the crypt covers the entire area underneath the building .
st . clair 's connecting flight to san francisco does n't leave for another three hours , so we board the train that runs between terminals , and he walks me to the arrivals area .
it only took a matter of hours before he 'd weaseled his way into all of the employee areas without a single complaint by management .
it 's overflowing with towers of graphing paper and partially completed projects , but there 's one area that 's been cleared of everything .
she puts on her skate guards and walks to the kiss - and - cry , the appropriately nicknamed area where scores are announced .
he realizes he has become a full member of the society of temporary expatriates - the dining area is filled with people from their flight or from the synagogue or from loud american conversations on the street .
the area he sees , with its rows and rows of broken columns , must have once been grand .
by the time we pull into the drive that winds past the upper parking area and down to the faculty lot and senior alley , i ' m actually feeling better , even though lindsay 's cursing and elody 's complaining that one more tardy will get her friday detention and it 's already two minutes after first bell .
` ` do you know that the students call that little area the ' smokers ' lounge ' ? ''
the basement is suddenly revealed , big and stark and normal - looking : beige leather couches , an old ping - pong table , another flat - screen tv , and a circular area with a treadmill , an elliptical machine , and a three - sided mirror at its center .
just beyond the exercise area is another door , which leads into the room we ' ve always referred to as the altar of allison harris .
in one movement i draw her away from the crowded entrance and toward a little recessed area in the hall .
a full moon was shining high and white over the skeletons of the birch trees , and i could hear someone still on the tennis courts beyond the cookout area , even though it was nearly curfew .
but i had a backpack full of textbooks , and there was this comfortable - looking lounge area , so i sat down and took out my homework and put on my headphones .
airplanes , the dentist , psychiatric waiting rooms , those little curtained - off areas in the hospital where you have an iv put in .
i ' m carried , still kicking , along the hall and down the stairway to the servants ' area .
the great hold is like a huge theater , really , with the wide shelf area in the middle being the stage , its narrower portion going around the sides being like the regular seats , the shelf above that being like the balcony , and the dark massive hold below , the pit .
on the right i see the open area where the men would swing their hammocks at night and on the left is the galley , still not cleaned up from breakfast .
` ` you are a traitor , '' i hissed as ty awkwardly carried the menus in his big , bulky hands to one of the booths that surrounded the bar area .
people were out and about this evening , enjoying the nice weather , taking their dogs for walks and holding hands in the park area .
after britte did a double take of my tray and then paid for both of us we walked to the dining area where i hoped i could persuade her to sit by ourselves .
they gave me mutual looks of approval so i grabbed them menus and sat them in the bar area not far from the host stand .
there 's a puppet show going on in the kids ' area , and he insists we sit on the floor and watch .
grabbing a section of the newspaper off of a table in the lobby area , i stood while reading it , sure he 'd be down any minute .
he says we can come in the back way , separate from the crowd , and have our own cordoned - off area so the bodyguards can do their thing .
we follow him to a restricted area , just off - stage , where we can sit and watch without being recognized or pestered .
more than once i start to leave the kitchen and go to the living area , where it 's less crowded and noisy , but something keeps me hiding in the throng of people , and i know exactly what that something is .
the club has a vip area in a loft overlooking the dance floor .
his room is a suite with a king - sized bed dominating one wall , a sitting area with a sofa and two chairs , a bar , and french doors at the south - facing balcony .
* * * when we arrive , dad charges straight across the lobby to the reception desk and i trail him , not taking my sunglasses off until i get past the reception area and anyone hanging out there .
tonight , he 's in reid 's room , pacing back and forth in the sitting area , calling reid 's parents , manager and agent .
pacing a metaphorical groove into the floor in an effort to obtain and relay news about the surgery , andrew buzzes between the waiting area and the nurses ' station .
` ` the vending area is between our rooms , so i thought it made more sense than pretending to be lurking in the hall for no apparent reason . ''
the elevator deposits us directly into the living area , the wall of windows opposite displaying an unobstructed ocean view .
graham 's is in that alcove area on the other side of the elevators , and emma 's and mine are in between yours and his . ''
she was a wreck - her face blotchy , eyes red , a smudge of mascara dissolved under each eye , giving her delicate skin a gray cast under the greenish fluorescent lighting of the critical care waiting area .
leading me into the familiar living area , she gestures towards the plush sofa and i sit while she grabs her cup of coffee from the kitchen counter and sits without offering me anything .
' dessert , please , ' i say , and he gathers me into his arms , walks to an overstuffed chair in the living area and settles me astride his lap , giving me a floor - to - ceiling view of the bay over his shoulder that i ca n't quite take advantage of at the moment .
i have three very beautiful , talented daughters , a loving - ' we hear glenn outside , preparing the patio cooking area and belting out his own version of an eighties pop song , in which grills are crazy about sharp - dressed men .
so we constructed a little tented - off area in the back with blankets and pillows , and a safety light , though he sometimes sits in the dark .
instead of taking me to his bedroom , he steers me to a small parlour off the main living area , and we sit on a sofa , side by side .
` ` remember , you must n't sit down in public areas without permission , or enter any of the residences .
there is a table with chairs along the side , some cabinets , a kitchen area with sink , and a rack running along the back wall with glistening copper helmets hanging thereupon .
i have opened up the kitchen area , as i believe people like to see how their food is prepared - cleanliness of staff , freshness of ingredients , and all that .
the floor is tiled in the kitchen area and easy to clean .
in the center is an open area , which in shakespeare 's time would have been called the pit , the place for the commoner patrons .
we find ourselves in a courtyard area , bare of anything except the rough gravel underfoot .
joni grabs chuck 's arm and pulls him away from the pinball area .
behind the couch was a reading area with built - in bookshelves that extended to the ceiling , with a sliding ladder attached to reach the higher shelves .
it was a large room with a shared dining area .
the peninsula separated the cooking space from the dining area that recessed into the floor , with three long steps leading to a large dark wood dining table .
there was a door to the right of the stairs that led to another area , unrevealed .
the room opened up into a receiving area at the main entrance with a small table set against the wall , where a colorful arrangement of flowers was set next to a picture of four people , who i presumed to be the mathews family .
i cut through the sectional area , through the door he indicated into the unfinished side of the basement .
i remained in that area of the hospital for a time i could not judge , with the rolling , and the clicking , and the doors opening and closing .
between evan and me , i think we asked every person in a white jacket or blue scrubs who walked through the waiting area .
a sleek white and chrome kitchen with a massive cooking island and bar connected with a spacious living area that had an amazing view of the ocean .
another sitting area focused around a sophisticated entertainment unit on the other side .
i did n't know where sara disappeared to , so i followed drew to the sitting area where a few of his friends were talking about surfing .
the small house was one large room with an eat - in kitchen , a sitting area , two queen sized beds on the far side , and a ladder leading up to a lofted bed .
` ` i ' m going to get something to drink , '' i told drew , heading toward the kitchen area .
stunned , i watched her rush to the laundry area and begin throwing clothes around .
jonathan offered from the kitchen area of the studio .
people were mingling on the balconies and throughout the central area .
i stopped breathing for all of a minute , then eventually found the strength to keep moving towards the baggage area , unable to avoid them in the small space .
showered , warm and surprisingly invigorated , i walked into the living area to find sara 's door open .
i walked back up the three steps into the living - room area .
i laughed again and walked away , seeking out the dressing area with the suit still in my hand .
' at a rest stop , somewhere in oklahoma , ' i answered , looking around the busy rest area .
i laughed , my ears suddenly picking up the music coming from the pool area .
he stood on his tiptoes and scanned the baggage - claim area when a noise flew past his ear like a gnat .
julia found her mother flipping through a magazine in the waiting area down the hall from ro - ro 's door .
julia looked down at the half - eaten pizza slice that rested on the molded plastic seat beside her in the airport waiting area .
the drawers faced out into the guidance counselor 's ` ` area '' , with her desk shoved haphazardly in the corner .
the room had a separate living area and a decent sized bedroom .
it was n't you who yanked a girl - by her hair - out of a chair in the common lounge area . ''
the sun rose outside , pushing the shadows out of the living area and kitchen .
if i remembered right , there were two more bedrooms , another living area , and a game room .
hurrying from the bathroom , i went to the small kitchen area and straight to the wicker basket beside the microwave .
the two of us raced through the hallways , avoiding the more heavily populated areas .
we pulled into a decent - sized travel area and i immediately reached for the door handle .
the door to the living area opened , and aiden came in carrying a plate of fruit and roasted turkey slices .
not even the guys in the back of the common area .
someone in the back of the common area cleared his throat .
after the meeting had ended , i quickly skedaddled out of the common area and headed outside , needing the fresh air .
we ' ve been ordered to get all the pures into one safe area . ''
i know you do n't want to hear this , but you should go back to the common area .
heading into the small kitchen and living room area joining the two dorm rooms together , i found a pair of scissors .
the first place i checked for aiden was the common area in the dorm .
later that night , after a long soak in some kind of herbal mixture laadan had provided , i sat on the bed , too tired to make my way back to the common area for food .
hayden stood and walked toward the little kitchen area .
my eyes fell around the dark recesses of the cellar - the area i 'd thought would be my final resting place .
around the back is the working area full of sawdust and shavings , and there amy and i find ephraim fyffe .
the trevelynes and their party are in a boxed - off area , i guess to keep the riffraff away from the quality .
a bar separated the lounge area from the dining section .
we were forced to sit in the waiting area again .
i move into the den area and everyone follows .
beverlee converted the downstairs bedroom that used to be her crafts area , into their new room . ''
figures appear to move to let her by in areas where there is little space , but no one really looks at her .
that leaves isaac and i to snatch up the full walkout basement and zia and sebastian get the den area with a roll - out couch bed .
three are coming and going from an area under the staircase that probably leads into a kitchen , each carrying different types of food ; fruit mostly , which is carried up the stairs toward a wide - open section overlooking the downstairs floor and where i ' m certain aramei is being kept .
isaac pulls me along by my fingertips and we walk up the wooden stairs and onto the second floor , which is one enormous area with no hidden rooms or hallways to duck into .
the space is vast , encompassing the entire area from halfway overlooking the downstairs floor and spreading out into an oval , flanked by a log balcony separating both floors .
i enter the hospital through the emergency area with my purse and the small duffle bag over the same shoulder .
i stare harder toward the shadowed area , letting my eyes focus , but still coming up short .
she walks through the foyer and i see the fading sunlight fill the dark area when daisy opens the door .
the hole is ... well , probably about my size in werewolf form and leads right outside into the back area of the house .
minna walks us through to the large kitchen area and i see that this is n't a house really at all , but a genuine elephant museum .
i gaze off toward the back of the basement near the area where the wall has already started being repaired .
several minutes later and we emerge from the pathway and into the enormous area that had once been my father 's ' meeting room ' .
when they step back into the large area where the rest of us are , the darkness swallows up the passageway behind them .
it was a suite with a living room area , the bedroom through that .
there was a living area with a couch and television , all of it richly furnished .
i opened the little fridge and picked out one of the chocolate covered strawberries , eating it as i wandered into the living area .
our morning sexcapade started at the front of the bus , christening the dining table and our sitting area before ending up in the bathroom .
actually , i found the loading area where big trucks made their deliveries .
i followed the arrows , coming out to a backstage area where crew was hurrying around , getting things done .
` ` this is just the loading area , anyway , for freight and stuff . ''
` ` the loading area ?
alex scoots past me toward the kitchen area and starts rummaging .
he has arranged our blanket and books in the center of the room and unraveled a sleeping bag there too , surrounding the whole area with dozens and dozens of candles stuck in funny makeshift canisters , like old cups and mugs or discarded coca - cola cans , just like they were at his house in the wilds .
alex has only level one security clearance in the labs , which means he barely has the right to visit the janitor 's closet , much less parade around restricted areas , there or anywhere else in portland , as though he owns them .
a small area cordoned off next to the stage , three chairs , only one of them occupied .
we are sitting in an area that has been partially blocked off by dismantled cardboard boxes .
various metal tubs are sitting on a raised platform fitted with a large grate ; beneath it , there is an area of flat stone , and bits of charred wood , remnants of the fires we kept burning through the winter , to heat the room and the water at once .
a half - open door leads into a kitchen prep area .
i can feel fred 's impatience behind his smile , can feel the weighted stare of his associates and committee members , all of them watching me from a small , cordoned - off area next to the pack of journalists .
at last the sound of the alarm , still wailing , is no more than a distant cry , and we sink gratefully back into an area where the streetlamps are dark .
just past security is a small waiting area , outfitted with several cheap plastic chairs and a plastic table .
a low basement room , painted black for god knows what reason ; a sagging leather couch , a small tv , a stiff - backed wooden chair , and a space heater - and that was pretty much it , except for the smell of blood , a few buckets , and a little curtained - off area , too , where he actually did his work .
next to the fountain is a bus stop , with a sign warning of curfew restrictions -- sunday to thursday , 9 p.m. ; saturday and sunday , 9:30 p.m. -- and as i go to chain my bike up , i notice the smudgy glass waiting area is papered with flyers .
it sent him flying through the stone wall that separated the stage from the seating area below .
i soon abandon the idea that we can both fit , and i step around the counter to the small dining area .
mismatched tables fill the area around it and a bar lines one wall .
my mom asks when she comes into the dining area rubbing her wet hair with a towel .
mom steps through the curtain that divides the large changing area from the front of the store .
the mirrored area in the dressing room is large .
mom has this half wall that looks almost like an outdoor fence , and the main area of the place is like three different levels - not an easy setup to work with .
ziah 's wearing camo , which is pretty freaking cool , and as soon as derrick says go , each group of two takes off into a different area of the course .
because i was alone , i easily slipped through the congested areas and settled into a spot on the edge of the first riser .
it surrounded the common areas .
the taxi stopped outside a metal gate , which opened into an asphalt parking area surrounded by storage units .
she stood up , straightened her skirt , and stormed to the vending machine area .
she shoved out of james 's curtained - off area and went into the icu waiting room .
she pranced up and down the narrow bar area , her limbs wobbly and loose .
then he practically sprinted off toward the table area .
` ` well , by the time we made it out into the bar area , you 'd fainted , '' laylen said .
alex started opening up the top cupboards that surrounded the cooking area of the kitchen .
but laylen was persistent , guiding me along as we weaved up the aisle , until we reached the ticket area , where he purchased two tickets , and then the cashier sent us on our way to the loading area .
but laylen was persistent , guiding me along as we weaved up the aisle , until we reached the ticket area , where he purchased two tickets , and then the cashier sent us on our way to the loading area .
i took off across the beach , heading for the cliff area where nicholas had once knocked me out , before taking me to the cabin .
i ran passed the area where laylen had knocked nicholas out once , and charged by where alex , laylen and i had made our escape from the death walkers .
farther on , there was a big , open space and then a sort of office area with a chair and desk and several large monitors .
this filled the area from front to back and must have been fifty feet wide .
he led me over to the office area .
it was a suite , with its own lounge and dining areas and a huge bathroom .
he led me around a corner , to an area the party had n't reached .
* * * construction work meant the cab had to take a circuitous route to get back to my area , which gave me some thinking time .
ari gave her a weak smile as lucy gestured for her and jai to take a seat in the small icu waiting area .
they were led up a couple of steps to a plush , curved seating area where heavy damask curtains hung down the back of the couch .
politely allowing jenn and chris into the area first , ari held back with jai and almost jumped at the touch of his hand on her lower back as he pressed her gently forward .
she asked again as he strode into the sitting area of the open - plan cabin .
we talked about the remaining areas that needed to be spruced up and what they would have to do to get ready for the remodel .
when i hit the gate that blocked the path to the swimming areas i slammed the palm of my hand down on the latch and fought to open it .
with a quick whistle , mitch rounded them up to the gate that led to one of the other areas .
the other three walls held doors leading to bedrooms , but the area itself was packed full of bookcases .
there were a few in the house , mostly in the common areas .
they headed toward the water , setting up on the sand in an area partially encased in shade .
corrado walked out of the cell , no hesitation in his step as he made his way into the common area .
` ` uh , kitchen , dining room , living room , bathroom and laundry room or whatever , '' he said , pointing out the areas on the first floor .
well , we 'll always have the love statue at the bottom of global common area two .
the party area goes partway down the little strip of ` ` beach '' that leads around the lake .
people do n't travel too far from the main area for the bash .
a wide , square foyer led to the large living room , with a spacious kitchen and formal dining area beyond .
there was a game room and sitting area off to the side , and the smell of fresh coffee and bacon .
there were more speeches , more cheering , but eventually macey walked down the steps on the left side of the stage and through a gap in the bleachers that led to a secure area behind the stands .
as dark suits scattered , my aunt took me by the arm and led me out from under the bleachers and into the sun of the main staging area while she softly sang , ` ` i ' m gon na tell your mother . ''
` ` well , she 's in a secure area now , '' macey 's mother said , then started through the ballroom , which was becoming fuller by the second .
a limousine and two nypd police cruisers were pulling around the back of the crowd to a small area behind the stage .
he walked without a worry or a fear in the world right through the heart of security perimeter b - the area that was most dangerous for short - range arms and high - powered explosives .
before long , the lady stamps my passport ( which mom had me get for emergency purposes a year ago and dummy me agreed to it , thinking she was secretly planning to take me to jamaica or the bahamas ) and we head to the baggage claim area .
i should go back to the baggage claim area , but i do n't want to lose my spot in line .
now ron storms off through the area marked ` ` exit '' pushing the cart with our bags .
when we 're done , the nail techs lead us into the drying area and instruct us to place our wet nails under ultraviolet lights to get them to dry fast .
` ` amy , bring your tray to the eating area , '' ronit says .
` ` i did n't say they wo n't sting if you eat them , '' she responds , then walks back out into the dining area with the tray of coffee mugs .
the door between the kitchen and dining area opens .
there 's a big area farther from the wall where people can walk , but if you want to go closer , there 's a partition .
i nod slowly , and we make our way past the five giggling girls throwing popcorn at each other and climb three flights of stairs to reach the attic area .
i check to make sure the girls are asleep , then slip my feet into flip - flops and pad down the trail to my cookout area .
i make my way down the trail past pinecone to the cookout area , where i find matt sitting on a picnic table , plucking the strings .
still , a few people are watching tv or reading the paper in the large common area , which is filled with comfy couches and squishy chairs .
rory adds that everyone calls this area of the parking lot the swamp , and for some unknown reason it 's cool to park there .
i glanced over my shoulder , brushing the wig to cover my profile while i scanned the dining area for him .
put one in the bathroom and one in the sleeping area and you 'll never know the difference .
just now on the phone he said , ' if you do n't come , there 's a tree in the common area with vee 's name on it . ' ''
he shifted his gaze toward a corridor that branched off from the main area .
inside enzo 's , two semicircular balconies spread out to my left and right , with a set of wide stairs leading down into the main eating area and front counter .
` ` i 'll stop by tonight and request to be seated in your area . ''
the sound had n't come from inside the stal -i was alone in here - but it did n't appear to have come from the larger area of the bathroom either .
i followed her past the bar , down a short flight of steps , and into the sunken dining area .
it seemed he was standing below me , in a recessed area .
shoving my feet into my shoes , i flung back the drape and hustled out to the main store area .
i could n't handle it , which was why once we 'd finished doing our bit for the movie awards , i 'd ducked out of the gibson amphitheater to the smokers ' area .
but when i get down the ramp , i ' m in a plaza area , not where the car traffic lets out .
a winter sidhe , tall and cold and beautiful , brushed by us as we stepped through the door into the waiting area , leaving a trail of frost on my skin and a chill in my lungs .
i look out at the boat , which is stuck now between two big metal gates ; the area is filling up with water .
she gestures to the reception area .
when we get our drinks , broodje makes his way toward the dance area .
up the beach , away from the stage and dance area , i spot a small bonfire with a group of people sitting around it , strumming on guitars .
` ` this is from the actors ' wardrobe , so do n't mess it , '' she warns , shoving me into a curtained area to try it on .
sure enough , robert , my physical therapist , is waiting for me with a big white - toothed smile in the lobby of the outpatient area of the hospital .
i ' m hanging at dusty 's sports bar and grill with the guys , since we can sit in the dining area and watch the game from the three large screens plastered throughout the restaurant .
it 's got a kitchen with a table , and two couches in the common living room area .
` ` in the common area , i guess , '' erin offers .
she hurries out to the common area to investigate .
in the suite , erin and trish are in the lounge area .
when his door closes and the rest of the group is in the lounge area , i step into maggie 's room .
back at the dorm , we find the rest of the group in the lounge area waiting for us .
damon calls him to the lounge area for dinner .
damon called us into the main area of the cabin , where he gave an entire half hour speech about how much he respected all of us for finishing the program , even though he knew how hard it was to share our stories .
after i ' ve washed up in the happy camper campgrounds community bathroom / shower area , i pull out a light blanket i bought when i was living at rio 's place .
the tips of five white missiles turn up and towards the area where marina and crayton have taken cover .
we run towards the center of the room , towards the area where nine had been battling setrakus ra , keeping him at bay .
still in the cave , yet somehow i could tell they 'd taken me deeper , to a more secure area .
the passenger area does n't look all that different from the cargo hold below - just metal benches with worn seat belts , where ivan and i sit , crammed among the warriors , some of them trueborn , most vat - born .
either the soldier whose keycard we swiped did n't have clearance for this area , or some kind of security override has kicked in in the wake of our assault .
the large ship had an open plan with no walls , but in the interest of our privacy and sanity , programmable holographic partitions separated areas of the cabin into ` ` rooms . ''
because no one on board had any medical knowledge , the ship had been outfitted with a small climate - controlled area called an autodoc .
overcast skies turned everything dreary and cold , and as my eyes scanned the common area and , beyond that , the parking lots , i realized he was gone .
i stared at the area where carissa had once stood .
instead of wandering through downstairs rooms , i go directly to the stairway and climb away from the crowded areas , through the libraries where men whisper secret things to giggling girls .
i hurry back to areas of the club that are more familiar to me , keeping an eye out , just in case , for the guy april was kissing on the night she disappeared .
this is the most crowded room i ' ve ever been in , at least since the plague happened , but there is one area they avoid .
we are in a vast underground room , a storage area or warehouse .
every few feet there is an arched area made of brick .
the paneling in the hallway is slightly charred from fire , but otherwise this area seems fine .
the farm area , where a few workers were still picking their way through the fields , spread across the entire northeast quarter of the glade .
once they left the lawn area and stepped onto the hard gray stone of the courtyard floor , newt broke into a run , heading for the western wall .
alby pointed to the southwest corner , the forest area fronted with several sickly trees and benches .
frustrated , he turned his attention to the pens in the blood house area .
the smoke had lessened , but it still wafted out the door , a dark , hazy cloud covering the entire area .
the park is huge , with a skateboarding area , baseball , and all that , and this little circular area with a little pond , ducks , and a couple gazebos .
* * * in the morning , i was readmitted to the cell area to find the girls , no less subdued now than when i left , in the process of being bound in a line to be taken to court .
the belowdecks area is fitted out with twenty bunks on each side , with curtains that can be drawn over each for privacy .
there is a bunk in the kitchen area for the cook we will have to hire .
i looked over to see the wounded mr . murphy in the witness area , a very large man , to be sure , taking up two seats and looking very mountainous , and very aggrieved , as well .
in that regard i ' ve had carpenter maccauley make up some wide boards that hook together at their edges , which we can lay from the belle to any dock we might be next to , making a sort of stage area , where we can put on shows for the people in these port towns and thereby not have to find an accommodating tavern in which to perform .
when we 're well clear of the dock area i say , ` ` port , hold !
matty and ' thaniel bring up the boards that attach us to the dock , and after the boards are put down and fastened , the brothers bring up the benches and put them in a rough semicircle , facing the stage area of the belle of the golden west .
back along the right side of the cave is one of the living areas , and in one of the beds there , i see the recumbent form of a child , lying faceup .
higgins has taken the child down to the belle and put him in a clean bunk in the passenger area , where cool compresses are put to his fevered brow .
we have erected a canopy over the quarterdeck area to keep off the sun , which grows hotter by the day .
two of them take me down into a sort of common area and a chair is found and i am tied to it .
i go back to the quarterdeck area where the shouting fink - a colossus of muscle , bone , and hair - is standing .
his office was at the far end of the common area , a cluttered , claustrophobic room dominated by a mahogany desk with a broken front leg that someone had attempted to level by placing a book beneath it and the dingy white carpet .
he paced the area , at times coming dangerously close to stepping over the edge and tumbling into the empty air .
the soldier shakes his head and snaps to , just as bliffil comes down into the brig area .
in about half an hour , dr . sebastian , dressed in his white lab coat , comes down the hatch and into the brig area .
a little powder and rouge here and there and we go out to the bar area .
i hear mrs . garrett saying loudly from the pool area , ` ` george !
he leaves his station , walks over to our area , and dumps a deck of cards onto the coffee table in the middle of the square of lobby couches .
ely places a piece of gum into my palm as we step into the lobby hall area .
as ely and i approach the lobby seating area , where the sleep - lessheads congregate , i check myself out in the lobby mirror .
` ` go right on over to the vip area , '' toni says .
even with the dank lighting and through the beads separating the bathroom area from the club , it 's clear that it 's hunter wrapped inside the arms of the singer for nick 's band , i think his name was dev .
their performance has merited the offering of two coveted barstools from the packed bar area .
i scan the area until i spot rick , the rink owner , and then wave him over .
as soon as i ' m in the open area downstairs , i see gramps 's freezers and then his trailer , and the panic and loss seize my chest again , wiping my brain clear of whatever we were just talking about .
it must have once been a storage area , or maybe a pantry , except that it was a little ways from the kitchen .
just beyond the back porch was an area dedicated to what looked like lawn decorations : towering limestone statues of various mythical figures dodge should probably know but did n't ; limestone benches and birdbaths full of standing water , moss , and leaves .
i grab my backpack and follow the signs for the baggage claim area .
we follow her to the front of the recreation area , where a guy wearing a black turtleneck and matching tight black pants is setting out different color paints in jars .
i scan the main area .
i toss the clothes behind a rock and head back to the reception area .
hunter grabs his shoes , then takes my hand in his and leads me out of the pool area .
as we walk to the car , i look over at the pool area where the employees are still hanging out .
we walked the entire perimeter of the upstairs area and did n't find his brother anywhere , so i led him toward the stairs .
as the compound started changing faster and faster , someone with too much sentimentality , in my opinion , had sanctioned that the oldest area of the city remain forever unchanged .
she and her friends used to ride their bikes here all the time - ali and spencer would pedal furiously at the end and usually tie - and stop at the little snack bar by the swimming area for butterfingers and diet cokes .
kelsey nodded like she was absolutely tuned in to the conversation , but her eyes darted distractedly all over the bar area .
for beth 's graduation , when emily was in sixth grade , she 'd brought her ali along , too , and the two of them had sent silly texts to one another and then snuck off to the patio area to flirt with a bunch of graduates from the boys ' basketball team .
she looked in the back dining room , the hostess area , and even the front parking lot .
even though it was chilly in the coat - check area , beads of sweat had formed on her forehead .
a nurse stopped her outside the guest area and led her into a small office with transparent windows .
when she reached the little area by the hostess stand , she felt isaac 's hand close over hers .
she heard a small noise coming from the walled - off sink area and walked over .
she backed out of the sink area .
it was way too loud in the bar area to even attempt a phone conversation .
the apartment was basically a big studio divided into a bedroom , a dining area , and a small tv nook .
mr . and mrs . hastings were slumped on chairs in the waiting area across the hall , checking their blackberrys .
the area below her feet was littered with empty coffee cups , soyjoy wrappers , and a bunch of receipts from sunshine , the eco - friendly baby store that byron and his girlfriend , meredith , shopped at .
they passed the journalism barn and then the teachers ' parking area .
she wove her way to the bathrooms at the bar area at the back of the restaurant .
like when i met you at the restaurant on sunday - i knew you were in the bar area because you were escaping from someone .
zach grabbed spencer 's arm and pulled her into a sitting area just off the dance floor .
skinny model - types writhed and sipped cocktails in the various bar areas .
after choosing several pairs of jeans , various skirts and blouses , and a whole array of dresses , spencer and zach led amelia to the dressing area and shoved her into one of the tiny rooms .
the bar area was six people deep , and everyone was shouting .
just as aria was backing out of the tiny curtained - off area , something made her turn .
these two girls spotted a pair of skinnies they both wanted at the same time and got into a fight in the dressing area . ''
nick gestured to the paintball area , an obstacle course of bushes and bulwarks , providing places to hide .
after the doors closed ali grabbed emily 's hand and pulled her into the shoe area .
even yesterday , emily had been content just sitting on the couch in the dressing area watching ali model the jeans in front of the three - way mirror .
they 'd reached the pool area by then .
the place was immaculate and gorgeous , with white linens on the two dozen tables set up around the room , massive bouquets of flowers everywhere , and a silent auction area featuring a faberge egg , a vintage louis vuitton sable coat , and a three - month - long sailboat charter around the world .
they padded down the tiled hall toward the pool area .
the air had turned chilly in the last hour , and the pool area had cleared out .
there was a baby grand piano in the waiting area , and someone was pressing a high note over and over again .
kids were already jamming the elevator area to be the first to disembark .
they walked into the auditorium and down the aisles to the stage area , where a bar and food tables had been set up .
with a gesture of her arm , she directed emily toward the patient area .
there was even a bed in one of the waiting areas .
she stomped through the double doors , threw on her scrubs , and kicked the mop bucket down the hall toward graham 's partitioned - off area .
hanna shrugged , then ducked inside graham 's area .
someone gently pushed hanna out of his curtained - off area .
8 even typical rosewood boys soul - search tuesday afternoon as aria was driving home from school , she passed the lacrosse field and recognized the lone figure sprinting around the goal area , his lacrosse stick cradled in front of his face .
the area was empty - everyone was at lunch - but for a second , emily could have sworn she saw a figure standing on rosewood day 's bell tower roof .
now , hanna passed a seating area with a small cafe that sold 208 different kinds of tea , and a gluten - free bakery .
` ` this is a suite - you guys can have your own space if you sleep on the pullout couch in the living area . ''
she pushed through the revolving doors that led to the valet parking area .
but as she pushed open the women 's room door , she heard faint chuckles and peeked back into the dining area .
father tyson was by the confession area , doubling over laughing at something an older man had just said .
emily wove around the takeout waiting area , the smell of ginger and green onions tickling her nose .
the powder room was bigger than most master baths , with a little seating area , an ornate mirror , and a separate room for the toilet .
` ` she 's in charge of the pa music , '' emily explained , talking over the sounds of a couple of toilets flushing in the bathrooms adjacent to the changing area .
the man heading to the area behind home plate is rob davis , scout for the cincinnati reds .
` ` if you get bored in the waiting area and you want to watch , i 'll ask coach if you can ... '' i shake my head .
both sides of the corridor are filled with curtained areas .
chapter 35 isaiah because i was blackmailed into giving my word to courtney , i force myself into the social services building and grimace at the sight of the messed - up people in the waiting area .
people have a fancy - ass name for this type of area of the house and because i ' m not fancy - ass , i do n't know it .
chapter 40 rachel my fingers knot around the cold metal fence as i watch isaiah drive my car to the burnout area .
isaiah drives past the waterline , jerking me back to the present , and he immediately heads to the staging area .
curling his fingers as a sign to continue or using his palm as a stop , isaiah guides me around the water to avoid a burnout and slowly edges me to the staging area .
i will direct you into the market area , where you will dispose of the sponges , and i will keep an eye on the proceeding and then will expect immediate payment .
it 's a big circular room with a fenced - in pit area .
i am in the chicken coop area , attended by a very curious joannie and daniel .
soon red sash leaves the holding area , and shortly we hear a trumpet blast and then : ` ` senores y senoritas !
the company did its best to guarantee a 100 percent contaminant - free atmosphere , but that warranty existed only in our bunker , not in the public areas like the hallway .
then twist strode into the kitchen area , blades in his hands ; weapons were forbidden to him as whitewalls assistant .
fearing a freak attack , he d stumbled into the common area , ready to pitch in , and found that his fellow citizens had gone crazy .
she seemed to reconsider , taking stock of the ruined common area .
with a choked reassurance that even she did nt believe , thimble went on toward the kitchen area where the conflict had started .
we ca nt cook in the kitchen area , a brat said .
in the common area , silk had already made some headway dealing with the bodies .
how s cleanup coming outside the common area ?
deeper within , the enclave was laid out in sections : the brat dorm , the kitchen space , bath facilities , the fish pools , the builder workshop , the common area , the hunter lounge , and the living quarters for all citizens .
the monsters sounded as if they d reached the common area .
in his quest for answers about what purpose this place had served , he found a tall , soft pallet big enough for two people to rest comfortably , along with a sitting area .
consequently , a low stone wall surrounded the tents , set up around the watchtower with an area set aside for exercise and training .
in the sleeping area , i stumbled into the worst scene i 'd ever encountered .
she stretched across the counter between the office area and the waiting area , handing the letter to joel .
she stretched across the counter between the office area and the waiting area , handing the letter to joel .
the limousine was already turning into the parking area in crown office road .
i spot a pair of storm cellar doors and realize this area must ' ve been ravaged by tornadoes .
v pointed to the dressing area , where her escort was waiting .
as she left the starboard promenade , she passed other children in the common areas of the ship .
all three skinjacked men nodded , and the guard buzzed them out to the deserted admissions area , watching with only mild interest as they strode out the front door into the chilly night .
a special dormitory area was set for the artesia interlights , and they were set on comfortable beds made with military precision , making it clear to everyone how important these new skinjackers would be once they woke up .
there are a few people staring at me in the general waiting area , but no one offers to assist me .
i walk to the area behind the nurses ' station and look around until i find the button that opens the doors .
i follow dr . bradshaw past the nurse 's station , through the doors and down the hall to the double doors that lead to the surgery area .
i know a lot of the regulars here and i ' m hoping i can at least find a secluded area in order for us to have some privacy .
to our left was an arched doorway that led into a large eating area and bar .
there were 3d puzzle pieces all over the snow , and at the far end of the challenge area , there was an enormous wall that chip stood atop of .
on the far end of the enormous open room , the kitchen area rolled into the section designated as dining .
thoughtful , i grabbed one and headed into the living area of the lodge , plunking myself down on a couch .
i headed into the kitchen area with the grocery bag .
he grunted and headed for the kitchen area .
i looked up to see owen in the kitchen area , peeking through the bags that kitty had left .
a large , worn wooden chair sat in a circular area , illuminated only by candle light .
when the driver did not immediately pull to the side of the road , i realized that he might not speak english and was working the spanish words together in my head when he abruptly pulled into a scenic overview type area and forcefully opened the door .
inside the club were hundreds of immortals pressed together on a dance floor that took up the entire room , except for a bar and small seating area towards the back of the club .
white marble surfaced the floors and a luxurious sitting area decorated a small alcove next to four elevators leading to the upstairs rooms .
he drew a building labeled pool house and a treed area with an arrow pointing outwards from it toward a large box labeled main house .
the bottom of the stairs opened up into a living room area , where naima and grace talked quietly together on a couch .
ample open space spanned the area between the door and three thrones almost identical to the thrones in the courtroom , only these royal seats dwarfed the room with their grander size and opulent embellishments .
it was a back hallway , out of the main areas of traffic , and something that servants would use to stay discretely out of the king 's way .
i took jericho 's hand after i greeted everyone and he led me upstairs to a kitchen and eating area .
inside the spacious house a large living area greeted us with long leather couches built out of the wood that seemed to be part of every piece of furniture in this house .
a platform had been set up behind the dining area , where musicians serenaded us during the feast .
there was a small , makeshift kitchen with a refrigerator and stove in one corner and a counter space with bar stools that blocked it off as the eating area , a worn couch and old box tv set and then a single bed shoved to the other side of the room .
we finally stopped at a tiny little cafe with a small outside seating area filled with parisians enjoying bottles of french wine and smoking in the crisp night air .
i recognize where we are now - a maintenance corridor , one of the many that thread through the private areas of the ship .
` ` we should be in a storage area . ''
beyond the gates was a huge reception area , there was even a cute receptionist behind the circular desk .
throughout marion 's chatter caia had been completely aware of her and lucien 's surroundings as they entered a large elevator near the rear of the massive reception area they had passed through .
after mordecai had led her to an area of lecture halls that seemed to be situated in the basement level of the back of the building , an increasing sense of unease had begun to trickle down her spine .
the back of the reception area had been sealed off , and shimmering against the wall were six portals .
the front row pew obstructed much of the view of that area but caia rushed forward , sure she had seen what looked to be the top of marita 's head disappearing into the ground .
she burst out into the reception area .
caia had gestured to nikolai 's sofas and the prophet had followed her to the seating area .
` ` hey , '' he says as he crosses the kitchen in long strides and winds around to the cupboard area .
i nod and follow him into the kitchen area and we stop beside the small wicker table .
i quickly answer it as enter the food area and the screaming of the crowd fades out .
i glanced around the pool area .
` ` there is a bedroom up on the top floor with its own living area and bathroom .
so she takes me into the changing area and measures me with a tape measure , and then brings bras for me to try on .
i sit down on one of the chairs on the paved area overlooking the big garden , resting the glass on the table , and let the afternoon sun drift over me , savouring the absolute tranquillity of this garden , the calmness it offers , as the heady scents emitting from the blossoms whirl gently around me .
there was a private bath and dressing area to the right of the bed and a sitting area to the left with a sofa , a desk , and two tall windows that looked out over the back gardens .
there was a private bath and dressing area to the right of the bed and a sitting area to the left with a sofa , a desk , and two tall windows that looked out over the back gardens .
one had been kept in a protected area - an area shielded from time shifts by one of these medallions .
the guard , however , was a friendly sort who leaned in the window to glance at the i d and then gave us directions to the faculty housing area .
we usually gathered around the platform - a large circular area - for ten minutes or so before getting into place , chugging a last cup of decent coffee or whatever .
` ` there were thousands of visitors each day , so as long as we kept away from the area where our earlier selves were working , there really was n't much chance of anyone spotting both sets of us .
the nearest location in the chronos system that was easily accessible was the lincoln memorial - to the left of lincoln 's chair , outside the roped - off area , in a section that was somewhat obscured by shadows .
he took her around the whole rink and they sat in different areas just to prove it .
it was the area of the rink where all of the girlfriends of the guys on the team ended up sitting .
after the game the girls followed the other girlfriends downstairs into a secluded tunnel area .
` ` i ' m going to sit out in the waiting area with blake . ''
her mom smiles faintly at me behind camryn 's back as she passes and heads into the kitchen area .
and as we pull into the parking area of his apartment complex , i feel a sense of satisfaction .
everybody else follows suit as natalie and blake head into the kitchen area .
jules and i picked the darkest area in the far right corner .
i grabbed my book from my bag and went downstairs to the sitting area .
watery eyes scanned the room , desperately seeking something , anything that would help me find jules but i found nothing but more blood pooled in random areas of the living area .
watery eyes scanned the room , desperately seeking something , anything that would help me find jules but i found nothing but more blood pooled in random areas of the living area .
after a while , she excused herself to refresh her drink , returned to the designated make - out area , and resumed kissing again ... except this new guy was blond .
a freshly scrubbed , freckled woman in a lab coat stood at the door of the la paloma waiting area .
and just like that , i fel headfirst into another memory ... ... chapter 30 the aftermath the emergency - room waiting area is crowded with people : sick babies screaming , a greasy guy in a hard hat with the mother of all splinters in his fleshy , dirty thumb , a bunch of old people who look like they 're already halfway in the grave .
by the time we arrived at the hospital , gabby had already been taken into the treatment area .
the only thing the nurses told us when we burst through the doors was that we had to wait , and they pointed us to the seating area where lili was already pacing .
emma wanted to ask quinlan when she could get sutton 's car back - or if the cops were going to tell her whose blood was on it - but quinlan slammed the door to the waiting area loudly and firmly before she could .
the room was large , square , and dark except for the lights on the stage and a bunch of christmas lights around the bar area , which was on a raised platform at the back .
the dressing area was empty .
she stood in front of a picnic area with green - painted benches and an awning , wisps of hair flying free from her ponytail in the breeze .
but now officers strode quickly and purposefully through the labyrinth of desks behind the reception area .
a flat - screen tv had been installed on the wall of the waiting area , tuned in to the national news .
emma took a few steps backward and sat on the low bench in the waiting area , trying to look like just another citizen waiting to talk to a cop .
` ` i thought i saw her foster brother - what 's his name , travis ? -out front in the waiting area .
the area around the student parking lot was clotted with news vans .
making another attempt at the door , she stalled me again , coming into the area that was all personal space .
i stood awkwardly outside of the practice area , since i did n't know how to put anything away and my only task was picking up my sheet music .
when fairview was secured in the brig , gagged and bound and fully aware that his cooperation and the cooperation of his guards meant his life , she crept down to the cargo area .
a trembling voice came from the back of the cargo area .
as they walked , there were some areas where ansel talked normally , others where she kept her voice at a whisper , and others where she signaled not to speak at all .
in the shadows of the pillars lining one half of the room , little seating areas had been erected on raised platforms .
she knocked all around the area , until she found a hollow sound .
celaena ignored her , but sheathed her dagger as she followed the woman into a small sitting area before a dim , grated oven .
the sitting area lay in a rough circle cleared of junk and stacks of mirrors , with little more than a rug and a few chairs to make it hospitable .
across the small sitting area , more mirrors waited in the gloom - as if even the light of the fire could n't reach them .
yellowlegs began to hobble around the sitting area , lost in her own words .
he watches as the police officer halfheartedly takes a few steps away from the taped - off area , tries to get a better view of the car .
it was usually noisy and occupied by students there to socialize rather than study because there was a lounge area with four upholstered chairs and two short sofas arranged into a cozy square .
the ball went sailing over the brick half - wall and into the common area below .
someone had even set up a roped - off area for the bands that were competing , and a couple of tables were cleared off and set up for josh , nate , and the other players who came .
attached to the shallow end of the pool was a raised , tiled round area that looked like a jacuzzi .
a covered deck area contained a brick oven that looked to be in disarray .
the pool area was empty and quiet .
a small desk area was situated toward the rear , by the door we had just entered .
most everything happened there , on forty levels that housed residential , schooling , repose , and dining areas , all organized around an atrium .
cloth partitions divided it into smaller areas with cots .
she followed him from the gathering area , deeper into the cave , where it grew darker and quieter and darker still , her dread mounting with every step .
` ` down that way is the storage area for medicines and supplies , '' molly said , gesturing to the left .
the door itself was unmarked and not at all like what she 'd expected of the gateway to the most secure areas of the komodo .
fifteen minutes later i ' m standing in the area where students are supposed to meet their instructors , which is teeming with little , screaming kids wearing helmets and goggles .
a slow song begins to play as we make our way over to the picture area .
we move to a nicer hotel , one where we have a full kitchen and dining area and living room space , two bedrooms so we can shut the door and watch tv while web naps .
downstairs , the party seemed to be in full swing , with people littering the patio outside and some poorly playing a first - person action game on the big screen in the living area .
surprised , i fumbled with some of the casings i had picked up , the brass making clinking sounds as i recaptured them and walked swiftly back to our prep area .
you could hear the cacophony of the slap of forks and plates and trays against tables from the balcony that overlooked the seating area .
the commons had a lounge area with pool tables and a quiet study place upstairs , along with rooms that local high schools sometimes rented out to hold a prom .
with that infinitesimal opening , the crowd surged forward , making the fighting area even smaller .
ultraviolet light washed the nightclub , and bouncers were marking people 's shoulders as they passed out of the coat check area into the main club .
the flies that had buzzed around the front living areas were more plentiful here and the smell worse .
it gives her a larger living area , but she ca n't stand the fact that it singles her out .
the dining hall has two mismatched chandeliers that were probably salvaged from other areas of the mansion .
she wanders into a social area with a sagging floor and a pool table propped up with wood to keep it level .
rain pours through holes in the roof into the areas that have yet to be repaired .
` ` over here we have our free weight area .
he moves away from the stairs and toward the free weight area .
risa glances out to the waiting area , where her partner obliviously reads a magazine .
he strides out into the middle of the common area , beside a flagpole poking out of the artificial turf , and draws their attention away from the human cost of their liberation .
he is led by three fugitives he knew from the airplane graveyard out into the common area , where the artificial turf swelters in the midday sun .
after the day 's work , it is my job to wipe out the mixing areas in the centers of the palettes with a rag soaked in turpentine so that they will be ready for the next day 's artistic toil .
there is a pigsty over to the side and a fenced - in garden area .
there is a kitchen on one end , a dining area with a table on the other .
do you want to go up and see the reception area ? ''
the main living area was all an open floor plan so that if you were in the kitchen you could see into the living room and breakfast nook .
ellie started walking over to the area in the master bedroom that would eventually be the little study .
ari said , pointing to where they were standing in the waiting area .
emma , sharon , and grace were setting the table in the formal dinning room and the breakfast area .
in the far corner of the massive gym hall was a weight area where a few neith were working out .
i usually kept to the downstairs area , so i was n't as familiar with upstairs as i could have been .
it did n't take me long to notice that the rest area had divided itself roughly into two factions - with steinheads keeping to one part and the opposition keeping to another , with only the restrooms and the food counters witnessing a tense intermingling of the sides .
in this way , we passed the corner where the last of the decents shouted , and made our way into the area in front of the kansas statehouse .
this year , the seniors managed to put blue dye in our showers and removed all the lightbulbs from the common areas of our dorm .
we end up sitting on a red velvet couch overlooking the dance area .
i meet up with him in the common area , ready to confront him about sabotaging ashtyn .
i had no idea what was what , so i scanned the area until i spotted a familiar face in the far corner .
an iron railing circled the second tier , allowing a clear view for those at the edge of a separate sectioned - off area .
as light flooded into the darkened area , sending the shadows diving for cover , reeve and - oh , wow .
bit by bit , i began to make out the different areas of the storage closet .
i gulped back my nervousness and said , ` ` so about last night ... '' the curtains were open behind her , morning light spilling into the area .
i cleared the landing and sailed inside the first sitting room , an area decorated with pink , pink and more pink , coupled with mounds of lace and rows of ruffles .
the men in our lives were n't willing to upset us , so , regardless of the danger i still presented , three twin beds now dominated the sleeping area .
the reception area was decorated with your stereotypical seashells and jars of colored sand .
but there was also a small seating area with a coffee table and television .
they rounded a corner into an area where wagons and chariots had been parked .
` ` so watch it , gentrifiers - this area is cupcake - shop - protected . ''
the training area looked almost too large - much bigger than the practice space she had used with the masters back home .
she looked to where jhi strolled near one wall of the training area , led by an escort .
` ` the invitation is implied with a public area , '' ziggy said .
the underground holding area seemed plenty big and secure .
he could be a bigger help to the battiatos if he found out more about this holding area before he called them .
doors led away from the living area on both sides .
the waxworks creation area is sealed by a stout door and protected by a monstrosity .
i bet jonas did n't want that kind of alarm heard in the public areas . ''
they found a parking area on the far side of the post office that continued around to the back .
they strolled out of the room with summer and met trevor among the tables in the lunch area .
but there were a few isolated lunch tables around the corner from the main area .
she glanced at nate , sitting alone at the far side of the lunch area , pulling a pear from his lunch bag .
they hurried between the bookshelves and hustled across an area full of tables and chairs near the resource desk .
nate , summer , and pigeon waited at one side of the lunch area .
they strolled through a cafeteria , then crossed a recreation area where clusters of people bowled wooden balls across a carefully manicured lawn .
` ` number twenty - three , '' the first teen said , pointing down one of the halls that branched from the common area .
the curtains at the far side of the area parted , and a short swarthy woman emerged .
a tall wall enclosed a huge area behind the main building , which cole assumed was the cliffside salvage yard .
there 's a wall around the whole area . ''
avoiding the boisterous commotion of the common area , cole made his way to his room .
eli led them to the common area where adam sat on his jade throne .
some areas of the caves had so many rugs , tapestries , and furnishings that cole could almost forget he was underground .
chapter 16 messenger a stranger came through the front door while cole was snacking in the common area .
just a few more steps and he would pass out of view from the common area .
heavily armed figures clanked around the area , armor glinting in the firelight .
rachel slept in the area of the temple set apart for the acolytes .
an open area before the stalls had been swept , and a large table had been brought in .
a stone balustrade enclosed the area , with empty stone planters spaced at intervals , and statuary in the corners .
at the bottom of the huge bowl , three men and one young girl sat at a bulky stone table surrounded by a flat , open area .
a pair of soldiers hauled jason to his feet and escorted him from the common room , through the quiet kitchen to a small storage area where three wooden chairs awaited .
when he entered the hippo viewing area , jason paused to admire a glass case on the wall labeled : monument to human stupidity .
his twisting path eventually led to a small reading area with a few tables and chairs .
he attempted to double back to the reading area , but could not find that , either .
instead he came to a different open area , where the only furnishing was a black pedestal surmounted by a huge book .
he came across an area for fencing , a music room full of instruments , and an intimate , elegant theater .
the reception area was banal to the point of seeming ironic - with beige upholstered chairs in the waiting area and abstract art in shades of brown .
the reception area was banal to the point of seeming ironic - with beige upholstered chairs in the waiting area and abstract art in shades of brown .
eventually , a nurse shooed us down to a waiting area .
the only sound in the waiting area came from mrs . king 's soft , choking sobs and my own breathing .
i end up losing track of seth and greyson in the crowd , but instead of looking for them i head straight for the drink area in the kitchen .
i trudge into the back kitchen area and benny enters seconds later .
i wait for what seems like five hours , when really it 's probably only more like five seconds , then violet comes walking past the table and turns into the kitchen area next to it .
finn said , ` ` soon as we decide to let those little darlings wake up , we 'll put them in our holding area with the other six .
there 's a lot of space to spread out in that mine , too : cut rock rooms for machine shops and storage areas .
equipped with its own woodstove , this second - story bedroom was toasty warm , and spacious , with its own sitting area .
she knew the storage area well enough to navigate in the dark : freestanding , largely barren metal shelves right and left .
jasper 's work area was littered with rolls of magnesium ribbon , bottles of aluminum powder , sulfur , potassium nitrate , glycerin , a large plastic tub of plaster of paris .
i moved to that part of the cordoned - off area .
there was a refrigerated area downstairs where they could chill out .
now it was a lounge area for musicians to tune their instruments and wait for the rest of their group .
then i returned to the wardrobe area set up at the front of the store , near the floor - to - ceiling windows onto the mall , now covered in brown paper to protect us from the curious stares of shoppers .
i 'd felt like i was surrounded by a force field when i 'd passed elvis in the lounge area just now .
ms . lottie nodded toward the lounge area , where johnny cash and his heartbreaker son were tuning their guitars .
mr . cash and his son sat in chairs on opposite ends of the lounge area , playing their guitars .
the lounge area was always busy at this time of the afternoon with musicians milling back and forth between the couches and ms . lottie 's area .
the lounge area was always busy at this time of the afternoon with musicians milling back and forth between the couches and ms . lottie 's area .
she nodded toward the empty lounge area , then lowered her voice .
emerging into ms . lottie 's area , i scrubbed my face clean and started over with my makeup for the third time that day .
i passed right through the living area .
ignoring my mother , i climbed the ladder into the upper sleeping area .
an artsy bookshelf studded with california knickknacks separated the bedroom from the living area .
the only evidence of cole 's form of interior decorating was in the tiny kitchen area : the arm - length counter was spread with three half - drunk soda bottles , an open bag of chips , and the end of a hot dog lying on an exhausted bun .
she sat in one of the two white vinyl chairs in the vestigial sitting area , working away on her ipad .
the skinny eat - in area was concrete floors , sparse white walls , and reclaimed wood benches .
the ordering area was tiny and quaint : a cooler with interesting drinks , chalkboard menu , a pie case full of delights .
three topless girls stood in my living room area , peering at me through the see - through ikea bookshelf into my bedroom .
inside , we were led past a translucent screen into a surprisingly intimate seating area .
then he led me through a tiny sitting area to a sliding door hidden by a bamboo shade .
all i knew was that when i came to , i was in the little overgrown patio area near isabel 's house .
i paused in the reception area to open the tiny fridge under the counter .
i heard her heels click into one of the first rooms - probably the reception area .
i glanced around the room : from here i could see the kitchen and the breakfast area , and it made me feel weird .
` ` the parking area by two island lake .
the lake stretched out beside the parking area , the still water reflecting a mirror - perfect image of the imperfect moon .
once i knew where to look , however , it was easy to see what the shape of the sitting area had been - there was another bench a few feet away , and a small statue of a woman with her hands brought up to her mouth as if with wonder , her face pointed toward the lake .
so i stood there in the dark little corner by the back door looking into the brighter area of the kitchen , remembering sitting in this house and watching jack die .
in the light of the breakfast area , blood smearing a path across the floor , he seemed tremendously real .
as he paused , quickly taking in the room around us , i heard nurses rustling into his curtained area behind us .
` ` wait , '' i said as we passed through the emergency room waiting area , and sam let me pull him to a halt .
at the airport , the professor was not waiting at the outdoor passenger pick - up area as arranged , nor did he pick up his phone .
he indicated the storm - dark area beneath the pool table .
she stood in the dining area with a pissy look on her face and pink yoga pants on her legs and a gun pointed to her head .
climbing out of the car , he peered up into the branches of the plum trees beside the parking area .
he saw that the topmost area of the scaffolding hung crookedly , the workmen staring down from their positions on the roof .
as he headed into a slanted parking area shortly beyond the entrance , he uncertainly examined his pride for damage and was surprised to find none .
the gravel parking area was empty , the home nurse nowhere in evidence .
the oversized polo shirt clung to the area near the windows to keep watch out in the parking lot , and the other crashed through the boys ' belongings .
this truck stop had a massive parking area , and the gray man led his brother 's car to the very farthest edge of it .
the april - bright trees pressed against the windows of the breakfast area , green leaf upon green leaf upon glass , and blue was suddenly very aware of being surrounded by trees , of having a sense of being in the middle of a still wood .
by the time he circled around the loading area to get to the lot , adam had made it out to the manicured four - lane divided highway that ran by the hospital .
essix , who was perched on his shoulder , stared in the same direction - the area where meilin had thrown the apple .
the biggest difference between our rooms was that sullivan 's had a tiny kitchen area tucked next to a bathroom all his own .
sullivan asked from the kitchen area .
he disappeared into the kitchen area and i heard the little fridge opening .
my parents waved and left me to find the competitors ' area .
mere proximity to the competition area was definitely antagonizing the whole bile thing .
we maneuvered our way through the crowd to the back bar area .
i woke up groggily when i heard a noise coming from the main sitting area .
he pulled to a stop in the loading dock area of an abandoned warehouse .
two french doors in the main living area opened out onto a balcony overlooking the street below .
i sighed with relief , but could n't help but feel some disappointment as i noticed the now empty bar area .
as i brushed my hair and put on some makeup , my cell phone rang in the living area .
i walked levi through the living area and to the door .
walking into the kitchenette , i poured myself some cereal before collapsing in a chair in the living area .
as we passed a commons area , we found soldiers frozen in mid - movement- armor dangling in midair , horses halted mid - step .
the observation area is alive and chirping as we speak .
jane 's workers bustled about the area , checking dials and switches , typing on keyboards , adjusting the screens .
paul 's shadow moved past him and started walking toward the central area of the dark stone walls surrounding them .
the room appeared to be a reception area , with rows of straight - backed chairs facing a massive desk and some filing cabinets , all trapped inside tons of ice .
uncle farrell stood by the door leading to the reception area , his cool completely gone .
i curled up on my side , both legs jerking from the explosive pain of the blow and watched helplessly as he lunged through the open doorway into the reception area outside .
last fall two of my colleagues responded to a homicide in the halls area just off broadway .
the bar , sporting neon signs for mostly european beers , was by far the busiest area of the caf .
inside , wara veered off towards the sofas in the waiting area , just like he 'd instructed her in the taxi .
as she moved to go into the main living area , a huge , arched room painted in bold colors , rough fingers brushed her arm .
an ample concrete square shaded by a balcony preceded the hospital 's delivery area , currently completely empty .
she eased it open slowly , praying that no children were playing in this cute little area under the stairs where toys were stored .
he set the two torches down in the middle of the area and ran from wall to wall collecting and pitching the flaming sticks into the center .
* * * johnny ran down the stairs leading to the first floor and the area where the chip was to be exchanged .
just show us to the debrief area , johnny said with a tired voice .
in the middle of the training area stood a skinny looking guy in his mid to late thirties .
the old computer desk was one area , so was the alarm clock by johnnys bed , and oddly enough there was something in the ceiling attracting the devices attention .
it was an area near the lobby with five circular tables just enough room to feed all of my customers if i was completely booked up .
inside this area , there was nothing but a jumble of hoses and gardening equipment , the wooden handles looking dried and fragile .
this was a large area that took up the entire floor .
it turns out a prankster had broken into the media area and pranked the poor guy .
in the daylight it was just a busy working area .
chapter 14 hello manny , i did nt expect to see you so soon , mark tainer said , walking into the reception area of his office .
when he came through the door to the kitchen he saw a lamp on in the den area .
a split second later an explosive device lands in the center of what resembles a central activity area of the tribe .
~~~~ chapter 4 it was six weeks into my enforced stay in this lap of luxury when alice made a friend ; they met by accident in the palatial greeting hall ( not for this illustrious place a common reception area ) .
exchanging the flowers for a suitable white coat which he found on a hook in the empty staff rest area he strolled into my room .
they arrived tanned and relaxed at san miguel del mar for the very first time , and found a semi - usable airfield , a very nice temporary living area , an exceptionally beautiful p51k parked in front of a rusty old hangar , and marcus - their new p.a . , millie had found him on line .
the first room was now her office , complete with reception area ; and the second was for rodney and his boys .
he instantly decided that he was nt going to bluff his way passed this lady , so he told her the truth , and again he briefly explained what he wanted to speak to mr michaels about , and then she left him sat in her reception area , to be further interrogated by two small dogs .
first he extended outwards the four floors , both to the front and the rear , creating patio like areas outside the building , supported by beautiful arched pillars .
phase i was to be the conversion of my home ( i ve got to stop calling it the building ) and the tidying up of the living areas in general ( gates , fences , etc ) .
paul had cleared an area for us all to enjoy ourselves in , and marcus had hired a load of tables and chairs ; and from somewhere had appeared a dais .
the basement ( originally the ground floor ) would be for the kitchen , laundry , and other domestic work areas , along with their related offices .
after first passing down a short , but elaborate entrance hall , my guests would find themselves in the atrium , which according to paul was going to be the heart of the whole building , and according to the artists impression it was going to be one huge open area .
the flooring around the pool area , which was going to be slap bang in the centre , would be sunk about two meters down , into part of the new basement below , and the pool itself would extend outside - although the outside portion of it could be isolated when not in use , or in the cooler months , by retractable glass partitions .
the huge irregular shaped pool would eventually end up with paddle and bubble areas , a bar in middle , complete with sub - marine seating , and have a large water mushroom to one side .
there will eventually also be a jacuzzi , complete with a waterfall , and patio areas scattered among the boulders , bushes and flowers , that will eventually gracefully rise up from the pool surround , to the marble pathways .
the two grand marble pathways , one curving around each side of the pool area , will not only lead out to the rear elevation , but also to the central corridors in each wing .
their central corridor will eventually lead out into a new restaurant / cafeteria area for the staff , which will be tacked onto the outside of the end wall , and this will be encased in a huge glass lean - to , paul must have shares in a glazing company !
halfway up the end wall , overlooking the main floor , there will be a mezzanine dining area for the senior staff , who will also have access to it from the new first floor as well .
it will overlook the atrium on the inside and the airfield at the front , very nice , and it will also have a private glass bubble that paul calls a lift , taking me from the steel and glass balcony that will encircle the atrium ; down to the pool area ( i suppose it will save me wearing out the stairs ! !
that central corridor will then continue on through the end wall out onto the mezzanine floor in the restaurant / cafeteria area .
even bonnie and clyde had their own little area , complete with a plug in air freshener type gadget that told them that this indeed was their place to go .
there was a large hole on the fore deck where a five inch gun module could slip in , and they just left flat the areas for the missile system and other associated weaponry , covering them with boxes and tarpaulins , just in case the yard was googled by the president .
one of the other sketches in the folder was particularly dreadful , it had what looked like a conservatory built over the area between the hangar and bridge structures , very imaginative ( i think not ) , this was apparently the feeble effort by the sno ( senior naval architect ) , although i had immediately take a liking to one of the original three sketchs , it was signed d. duk ( he had to be called donald ) and i put it to one side .
there had also been a few minor problems with the layout of the kitchen , serving areas and restaurant , but paul had readily agreed to her suggestions after she had taken him and his wife out to dinner at mine and vicentes favourite watering hole ( on my tab of course ) , and oh what a delightful new director of your own private navy , god almighty , not another one .
the earth required to gradually build up the surrounding area to the first floor level had to come from somewhere , and i guessed correctly , it had come from my new hole .
under my wing was the laundry , ironing rooms and other things related to the management of the house , as well as all the household offices , and under the other wing was the kitchen , well i call it a kitchen , it seemed ready to feed the five thousand , without the aid of any fish ; and the food preparation and serving areas were all cooking on gas .
the serving areas were compete , down to a coffee pot bubbling away on the counter , and the mezzanine floor restaurant was also finished , as was the one underneath it - the one underneath it ?
in a lined off section there was a ground equipment area with everything from tools to the mobile steps that i had descended when vacating the elite , but there was still ample room for visiting corporate jets whoopee .
the basement , with its household and kitchen areas could be fully functioning in as little as three weeks , along with the greenhouse ; and the training of the staff had already begun .
after someone had found the electrics switch they ventured below decks , and she was verily surprised - with the installation of the floor covering and a coat or two of paint most areas would be finished , and the engine room looked as though it was ready to respond to the bridges commands .
the deck above the sleeping quarters will be where the guests living areas will be situated .
the weather decks outside this area will also lead around the outsides of the hangar and back to the flight deck .
above the living areas deck will be the bridge deck , and this will be the operational heart of the ship .
below the service deck the remaining decks are where the bulky machinery , fuel tanks and the rest of the gubbins that makes a ship tick , are , but for now , the area forward of the bridge was causing a bit of a problem - andrew had specifically stated that he had absolutely no requirement for an anti - aircraft missile system , or even a quick fire multi - purpose gun , so there was now just a big flat area in front of the bridge , where the missiles should have gone , and a hole in the fore deck where the big gun would have slotted in .
below the service deck the remaining decks are where the bulky machinery , fuel tanks and the rest of the gubbins that makes a ship tick , are , but for now , the area forward of the bridge was causing a bit of a problem - andrew had specifically stated that he had absolutely no requirement for an anti - aircraft missile system , or even a quick fire multi - purpose gun , so there was now just a big flat area in front of the bridge , where the missiles should have gone , and a hole in the fore deck where the big gun would have slotted in .
it might be a strange place to have a pool , but when the nearest piece of land might be a thousand miles away , who was going to notice , but what to do with the redundant missile launching area was not so easy to resolve .
put a king size open air jacuzzi there ( as donald had suggested ) and there would be no end of problems trying to protect it from the elements , but then marta put in her two pennth ; how about an observation area .
~~~~ chapter 28 on the evening of the first of october i found myself standing in the reception area of the dorchester hotel , all dressed up in my finery , along with david , charlie , maria ( as my arm candy ) , caroline and agnetha ( she and charlie were now an item ) and surrounded by a group of the colonels finest , as it was david and charlies night off .
at the end of the noisy drive ( everyone seemed to be wanting to try out their sirens ) the driver got a trifle disorientated , he followed the motorcycles into an area not normally used by motor vehicles , although it was very convenient for us as we came to a halt quite close to the main entrance .
metal screens were lowered over the accommodation windows , all passengers were herded below into the crew area ( out of harms [ and our ] way ) and charlie was sent off up into the bow , with a headset on under his helmet .
from who would be first down to the last up , but first the tonkuns crew would have to rid as large an area as possible of any overhead obstructions , and as the ship was now listing heavily to port that would have to be the starboard bridge wing .
another brief drive concluded their carriage ride in front of the tavern where guests were steadily arriving and festive lighting set the stage for the party in the outdoor dining area .
four large bonfires were burning already , one on each corner of the designated party area and long rows of makeshift tables and benches had been set up in a huge u - shape .
with all his time ( and my money ) that he had spent on my rooms they were my suite , quarters , even my sleeping area , they were definitely not a bed - sit end of story .
if i felt a bit lazy , or was nt in a chatty frame of mind i would go up to the mezzanine dining area , along with my senior staff , to be waited on and people watch , but normally i would just queue jump at the cafeteria , pick out a starter , and then take it to a table that was already occupied ; i just loved chatting informally to my staff .
the end of the corridor led out onto the mezzanine dining area , where i hoped to find two people in particular , and my timing was perfect , which was not surprising as i had just accessed teddys diary ( he is my flying instructor ) on my all seeing black box , and i knew that he was always punctual , especially where his wife was concerned ; he was definitely late at his peril , for lunch with beryl , and inma was just taking their orders as i arrived .
offices and workshops were equipped , and he even had a top of the range lathe installed for when a tiffy ( spit ) ( ask a sailor if you want to know why ) arrived , but his most important task of all was to get the ground crew crew - room up and running , with its coffee boat , sarnie making area ( galley ) , and a made to measure uckers board ( made by his own fair hands ) .
it had had to go the pretty way to england - you are not flying that thing over my city etc , plus they had to stop at every service area to top up , and for the occasional drop of shut eye .
they even had an awning that could span the working area in case of inclement weather - nice one john , and most of my pilots were safely tucked up in bed by the time arabella was better , but one , by the name of marcos , was wide awake , not through excitement but because he only needed four hours sleep a night , or less .
i could just imagine a hoard of souvenir hunters converging on the hangar and prizing off bits of the aircraft with a screwdriver , causing irreparable damage to its surrounding area , so what i wanted , what i really really wanted was a news blackout until i had everything tucked safely away in a controllable area .
i could just imagine a hoard of souvenir hunters converging on the hangar and prizing off bits of the aircraft with a screwdriver , causing irreparable damage to its surrounding area , so what i wanted , what i really really wanted was a news blackout until i had everything tucked safely away in a controllable area .
the club house and surrounding areas , including the pontoons had that well - worn look , but were not quite approaching their sell by dates yet , and they were bustling with grotty yachties .
the engine shed ( aka c hangar ) had finally been discounted ( it was far to near my bedroom window for comfort ) , so a purpose built one was being constructed close to the picnic area .
and then paco went against the mainstream specialists and declared my room a noisy area .
jenny waited next to the portal area dressed in flimsy silk and makeup- this prostitute 's garb looking disturbingly incongruous on her young body .
when the area was cleaned up , they could start assembling the bunks stowed in a now unlocked adjacent storeroom .
max and i walked toward the sutlers village , bought a couple of soft drinks , and headed for the spectators area .
the viewing area was ideal , positioned high enough to look down on the entire battlefield , yet not so high or far away that we would miss any details of the battle .
ix 5:00 pm leaving the sutlers village , i turned to walk farther into the valley away from the mountains that surrounded the reenactment area .
anna and i turned and walked briskly toward the spectators camping area .
i do nt always get it , said reg , but those guys over there , the ones in the inner sanctum he pointed to the area surrounded by tents i m sure they can explain it for you they ve got all the answers .
if i walked back into the living area max would realize that something was bothering me , so i looked aimlessly around the bathroom .
after i cleaned the sink i picked up the trash can , opened the door and walked toward the living area .
this must be a cargo area .
besides , as sharianna said , this is a cargo area ; how dangerous could it be ?
there must be some kind of invisible barrier that prevents only the water from passing through , keeping it in the shower area .
mom looked at the floor of the shower area that was now completely dry .
joseph sat down in one of the comfortable chairs in the lounge area of the cargo bay and enjoyed the last of his cake .
joseph explained his proposal : i ve rethought my concern about opening the doors to the cargo area .
and the door from the control room to the cargo area really does look perfectly sealed , she responded .
that s why they put doors separating the cargo area from the rest of the ship !
joseph moved his beanbag from the cargo bay to the lower observation area of the control room ; it took up practically all the floor space of that level .
we found a closet , joseph replied excitedly , as he bounded up the steps from the lower observation area , with sharianna right behind him .
they led mom and dad back through the cargo area and opened the closet , revealing the suits hanging on the rack .
joseph made his way down to the front observation area .
thomas began rolling the ball down the hallway to the cargo area .
as they peered through the broken windows , they could see into the bar and dining area .
joseph and sharianna sat in the lower observation area .
a very quiet truck , sophia added , as they entered the cargo area .
percy leaped through the door and let out a yelp when he experienced the shift in gravity and slid down the wall to the floor of the air lock , then charged down the hall toward the cargo area .
he stepped down onto the main level with joseph and percy by his side and looked over the console , down into the lower observation area .
i stayed in the ride a moment and surveillance the area , then went on in after jaquan approached the ride and said , ` ` you going to stay out here ? ''
although it was wider than the doorway the corridor was still an extremely cramped area for hand - to - hand combat .
it was built like all the monks libraries , shaped like a five - pointed star with each point of the star representing a different area of learning while the main office and reception area , for those rare guests the monks allowed into their libraries , were received in the centre of the star .
between the passage near the bunks and the next passage , which was closest to the shelves , was what seemed to be a kitchen area .
at the back of the room a set of doors probably led into the kitchen area , and likely whatever bathroom accommodations this building possessed , and the remaining door would likely lead to a storage room .
running through deserted alleyways and rarely used back entrances of down town buildings , we managed to find private areas to slip out of our elf costumes and stash them into a half dozen gym bags purchased just for this occasion .
* * * * * * * * * * because bogdon did not have a tent partner , part of his tent was being used as a storage area for the club .
after a few seconds , toby slid the collapsed inner tube into the space between the cars rear window area and the roof .
he closed the door then looked around the area .
unless the area was in use , the girls left the doors open on both ends of the bathroom because they loved the breeze blowing through their rooms from opposite sides of the house when the weather was nice enough to keep the windows open .
a huge pewter chandelier was suspended from the ceiling in the kitchen area and another in the dining area .
a huge pewter chandelier was suspended from the ceiling in the kitchen area and another in the dining area .
matching wall sconces graced both sides of the fireplace in the living room area .
nothing but tiled floor demarcated the area called the kitchen , wood floors defined the dining and living rooms , and stone distinguished the entry .
at 5:30 , after she practiced the long jump a few times , the coach called them all to the high - jump area to discuss event assignments for the meet .
alex wet the wash cloth and tried to clean the mud off her pants without completely soaking them , then went back to the changing area to hang them in front of the heater .
you ve forgotten : this area is open to the air .
she collected her stuff and found a spot in the reading area that had a view of the pond .
looking down through the tinted glass , adaman could see that the invasive care unit was a large room divided into six glass - walled cubicles , three along each wall , with an open area in the middle .
the first surprise was discovering two immense shipping crates sequestered behind their cyclone fenced storage area in the basement of the gramercy arms .
now , almost three years after her mothers death , prissi had the opportunity to be re - connected with her past through the collection of boxes spread across the storage area floor .
she hurried back to the langue storage area and looked behind the re - arranged totes .
no jack there , and no jack hiding in any of the storage areas .
she wondered why the notebook and pendant and pix were in a tote in the wrong storage area .
after the crew members bound their hands and feet with the same heavy plastic zip - ties used to secure the crates to the barge and locked joe and bob tom in a well - worn storage locker area in the bow end of the tugs hold , the old man immediately fell back into a deep sleep .
as she finished laying out the florescent yellow tape that marked the areas where she wanted her grad students to focus , susan thought about what she had just said to jake .
tommy sat in the reception area of the prison without chains or shackles while the old warden talked to warden chambers , the new warden of the connors unit for nearly an hour .
then laughed out loud as he walked down the hallway to the reception area .
he sat down and began watching the slow , steady passing of the yard and surrounding areas .
an area of maybe three feet across formed as the crack split and turned , forming a large circle that then cracked and broke apart .
out of the corner of his eye , the shapeshifter noticed a secret service agent walking around the kitchen area .
it extended all the way to the back of the hotel , where large windows looked out over a large swimming pool and deck area .
in his ear , his superior was talking over the radio , telling him to take the two teens directly to the holding area in the basement .
the lead agent pointed for his companions to go either way , one toward the lobby , one toward the pool area behind the hotel .
chapter seventeen the pool area behind the hotel was now abandoned .
suddenly , the glass wall separating the hotels massive lobby from the pool area exploded outwards- shards of glass and ketzkahtel , still wearing the form of agent finch , propelled out onto the concrete deck of the pool .
when the volunteers finished , the little park included a sod lawn , a community garden , a play area for children , and places where people could sit and talk .
almost as soon as i started to move around the berkeley campus area i met helmuth .
choppers flew low over the university dropping chemicals banned by the geneva convention on students herded into fenced off areas supposedly for the purpose of peaceful assembly .
one old truck driver missed his mouth altogether as he tried to ingest a dripping hunk of sausage as the odd group passed by his roped off area .
directing bobby to turn into the driveway that ran beside the main house , she recognized the enclosed area behind the house where she parked her vw bus years before .
this time when they got to the retail area adjacent to the university , sam drove through the light to the first alley on the other side of the intersection and took a left heading up the alley until slowing down before a large rear garage door that started to open automatically as the van came closer .
~~ chapter twenty - seven passing through the living room early the next morning on her way to the kitchen , allison was surprised to see that bobby had already vacated the area .
allisons question knocked ernest off his stride as he paced back and forth in the kitchen area , separated from the living room only by a long breakfast bar .
by the way sam checked out each area of the restaurant , allison knew he wanted to verify lias presence .
allison recognized the disappointment on sams face as they made their way to a table located next to a side wall halfway between the front and the back of the dining area .
her little group walked around the area and interacted with the other marchers .
across from where she sat , passengers disembarked from one of the long tunnel - like ramps that extended from the waiting area to the door of each aircraft .
coinciding with allisons reflections on her own arrival in the bay area , she caught sight of a lone straggler exiting from the ramp doorway .
she recognized the uncanny resemblance between an apprehensive , young , blond haired woman standing alone in the waiting area across the way and her own vivid memories of an equally young and frightened allison emerging from her vw bus on to the streets of haight - ashbury following her long trip to the coast .
i was in the vip area now , where the over - large cabins were built right up against the outer hull so that they might be equipped with oversized viewports .
the only light in the reception area came from an end table , and the office appeared deserted .
the display was of the administrative receptionists area from 007s perspective .
the attack was concentrated in a small area , where i was supposed to be exactly when the bomb was detonated .
relative to most attacks , the hotel was almost undamaged just the lobby desk area where i was to be standing .
they had been in every room in the house , and in several areas outside and in victorias car .
as 006 moved farther away , toby enabled his mesh network connections , and new sensors in remote areas of the building and the parking lot came online .
alfred collapsed into a chair in the waiting area of the lower lab , unbuttoned his top shirt button , mopped his face with his hand , and then absently dried his hand on his pant leg .
may we please go to a more secure area to discuss the deliverables ?
a giant stone fireplace anchored the front wall of the house and faced the kitchen and dining area on the opposite wall .
she hurried with her squirming , thrashing bag of chicken hysteria to the area behind the barn shed already designated the killing ground .
the immediate area consisted of a few benches and lockers , and doors to a shower facility .
to my left was a mess hall and recreation area .
most training facilities possessed all of the present amenities , but never in such a vast , single area , obviously specialized to serve two purposes .
* * * the multiplex was eerily silent when i returned to the common area .
everyone , save mcdougal , had gathered in the mess area and was in the midst of socializing and chow .
if you will just follow the corridor beyond the hatch we just came through , the second door on your right will be your staging area .
when we disengaged the mechanism keeping the subs external storage area door closed , the crrc shot out , inflating as it sped toward the surface .
all we needed to do was make it through the guards at the entrance to the enemys base and we could slip out of the containers in the unloading area .
she also had a few , smaller , red vs , indicating areas where shed placed her claymores .
the rest of you will be taken to a holding area , vincent informed .
they cast off a spooky atmosphere throughout the room , with many areas cast in shadow while the remaining area flickered intermittently .
they cast off a spooky atmosphere throughout the room , with many areas cast in shadow while the remaining area flickered intermittently .
manipulating it , he lit up areas of the room otherwise in the dark .
the legate did not leave the immediate area of his tent , but waited , as any good commander would for us to approach his position instead .
i loitered around the area while i waited for him to finish his breakfast , before approaching and asking politely if we could talk .
at 0430 tomorrow , hunter and santino will accompany agrippina to rome and rescue nero , as well as place c4 around key areas along the walls and gates .
the third door on your right leads to a small storage area .
its small size allowed me to move it around easily in the cramped area with one arm , and its fifty round magazine was larger than any other rifles we had , except bordeauxs saw , which i really wished i had right now .
in the center were temporary troop quarters and a small dining area , and along the perimeter of the trench was a small rampart that ran around the perimeter of the camp with another ditch system on the other side for added protection .
to find our way through , we simply picked a narrow avenue in one of the denser areas of the camp and slowly made our way toward the center , looking for a potential legionnaire to interrogate .
it sounded like someone carelessly knocking over machinery as they moved through the area .
mike nodded and followed the man through the living area , noting again the expensive and fashionable furnishing that looked so out of place with what he knew of this down to earth man .
there in the growing stack was also a couple of boxes of ammunition for the stack of rifles and shotguns in the rear cargo area .
sure enough , there were countless needle holes in the laminated wood - grained paneling up there , and a large round area inside it without any holes .
a large foxhunt mural hung in the living room area , a room that looked un - lived ina place to sit guests down and chat ; nothing more .
i cautiously stepped over the top of the blackened rock foundation and stood inside where the wall of the kitchen area used to be .
in less than three minutes the viewing area was full to capacity .
the hospitals general enquiries area looked busier than a grand - ballroom filled to capacity .
he led chris to a work area in the rear of his office where he d built a platform of sorts by laying a piece of plywood atop two sawhorses .
fortunately , beams from the distant streetlight shone through the door , lighting up about a four square foot area .
the captain began the tour on the main deck , pointing out areas they d left the same from the original ship , and other places where they d opted to make improvements .
and even though she winced with every step she took on the hard and rough stone of the parking area , i just bit my lip and turned away .
they stopped at the edge of the parking area .
~ chapter 12 ~ hell or high water dimarico and swann ignored one another until on the sidewalk of the airport pick - up area .
dale 's cleaning up the living areas and lockers .
they marched on a slightly raised path , while trees filled the lower areas to right and left .
that settled , they set up a testing area for would - be recruits .
or maybe the headache was from trying to keep my lashes down while i searched the seating area .
i opened my locator , placed it in an open area with a view of the sky , adjusted it to magnetic north and let it do its job as i sketched the location and appearance of the stargate in my journal .
you area genius , i shouted , jumping .
all of his things were strewn over the floor and the window in the living area was open .
down the middle was a narrow cleared path through the clutter that led to a setting area .
he led them toward a staircase off the balcony and down to a door below that led to a comfy living area .
this area had passageways of varying shapes and sizes , with uneven stony walls , not the smooth man created walls of the interior of the hold .
i did nt think so , ressna said , grabbing zanas by the arm and leading her out into the quieter area of the hallway .
the blue spikes of the cave moved in an undulating fashion , the blue color circling the areas .
the ladders which hung down for the crew to use were all well within the lit area and near to the busily active cargo platform .
although they extended away from the ship at an angle , and most of them were secured well outside the lighted area , it would be a dangerously visible climb .
a small hatch in the deck revealed a ladder leading down to the seemingly secure area .
the next room i entered must have been the ships mess area , several small tables sat anchored to the deck , and a cooling cauldron of some kind of stew sat at one end of the room .
as i strode quickly through the room , breaking into a run in the clear area , i caught a whiff of the concoction .
another narrow corridor , flanked by cabins as had been the one forward , lay aft of the mess area .
as i lit upon the lower deck , i immediately realized i had entered a sleeping area .
dim red lights in a circular pattern surrounding an open area almost directly below indicated a probable landing area , although one constructed so as not be visible from afar .
one side of the landing area was well lit , and significantly more populated than the other side .
i spent several seconds looking carefully in the other direction , towards the darker areas , with the idea that we would be noticed less that way before discarding the thought .
a set of narrow bars , of perhaps a three inch gap , separated the holding area from the hallway .
i stepped towards the sidewalk , intent on picking a direction to take that would lead me to a less crowded area , one from which i could further examine my surroundings , when someone called to me from behind .
either she is moved indoors to a well - ventilated area , and given proper medical attention , or i pack to leave now .
schliemann led henrik into the servants area and then down the back stairway .
there was another loud explosion as the warhead hit the tarmac , and the entire launch area was buried in a thick , gray blanket of smoke and ash .
then he turned and ran through the back doors of the ship into the main cabin area and began screaming .
when luke got upstairs into the main cabin area , marshall had just arrived and was helping dwayne at the back door out of the main room .
his back was steaming and already showing signs of a sunburn as he ran headlong into the main cabin area .
when marshall was inside a minute earlier , he saw an elevated railing for a sitting area above the grand staircase leading to the luxury cabins below .
the area was now lit from the led lamplights , like a small construction site with miniature work lights .
she followed the crack - type line around with her headlight in a loose oblong shape behind an open area in the legs and arms on the wall carving .
he immediately spotted mariss on the dance floor , and he sent one of his bodyguards to invite her to the vip area , which had been roped off for his group .
the bedroom doors were on opposite sides of a combined living room and desk study area .
the bedrooms each had a smaller door that opened into the bathroom , which had two sinks on each side of the front door into the common area .
she walked over to the bathroom entrance from the living area and pulled open the door expecting to find her new female roommate .
the work table was under the small tent on the east side of the plaza which allowed the setting sun to shine under the tent and illuminate the work area with the same golden amber glow that was covering the jungle and her pyramids .
he lurched into the navigation area and hit the switch to silence the din .
they climbed up the one flight of private stairs and entered the bridge area .
she waved and then waited while an attendant retrieved her one large holdall from the baggage area .
back at the hotel in their room overlooking coal harbour george said .. thinking out loud , i would nt mind having a look at the ucluelet area .
on the second floor they walked through an open plan office area , several people being at work in front of computer terminals .
the deeper areas were a darker blue the surface only broken by the white buoys marking crab traps .
as we passed through the massive area , i saw feral 's eyes gleaming through the darkness .
i possess a private bedchamber , there are two dormitories , and then this area .
back at the company area , flaherty and goggles found sergeant king waiting for them .
minutes later , the company rolled out of their assembly area , the five demons fanning out in a wedge formation .
* * * first sergeant king emerged from the cp and shouted down to the company staging area , crank em up !
joe had a reconnaissance team set up in the grain mill down there , showtime gestured toward the end of the waterfront area .
when a strong storm came by alex fixed the damaged areas of his homes structure and reinforced others knowing the rainy season was approaching .
i found the storage area where they keep the prisoners items .
music and too many conversations filled the nearby area .
these crates were situated between the target practice area and the match grounds .
before alex realized what had happened they had all made it to the oval stadium and training area .
they had to light all of the oil lamps in the war room and it helped cast a comfortable and calming radiance in the confined area .
it was a pretty sky and i walked towards the only seats in this open area .
the area about the great brass - bound double doors bustled with students and dervishes who conspicuously averted their gaze from layla and her shaykh .
henri and jonathon were to one side , in a boxed area .
another area of boxed seats was opposite them , probably for a small gospel ; now the seats were occupied by parishioners .
henri turned and waited while pastor briarwood opened the latch to the boxed area .
the pop asked , pulling the carriage to the outer rim of the open area outside the open church silo - it looked almost like a town square , the hub of a busy settlement .
passing through the front cathedral doors would have found music and a lavish , brightly lit lounge area covered in gently - toned blankets and soft pillows , the kind that make you sleepy just by a touch of the fabric .
there were enough candles in the parlor area to edge out the shadows in every corner .
henri showed the two men out a back window of the apothecary , for them to climb down the side , unseen , and into the unlit back area .
asked joshua pointing at the washing area .
they were talking about how their electrical needs were just barely being met , though cutting off areas outside the jp helped somewhat .
the sergeant must have seen the look because he quickly turned and moved back behind the covered barricade area .
paducah sun newspaper - thursday , july 14th brazen killing in mall food court on wednesday , a lone male walked into the food court area of 100 oaks mall and shot to death jaden brown , age twenty - two of paducah , kentucky .
davids thoughts were shattered by yelling and scrambling from the dam area .
ken steadied her unbalanced predicament while also taking the keys from her hands and guiding them both from the apartment steps into the parking lot area .
lindsey turned her head quickly from the kitchen area and ran for the bedroom .
in the very large living room area .
megan and eaves were a punk couple that worked in the processing area of deaths realm .
it contained one large couch that lined every wall of the waiting room and was only broken in two places : the front door and the door into the main processing area , into which usef ushered lindsey and julie .
and with that he ushered lindsey and julie out from the death processing area .
the newly built barricade blew just as diana and megan were walking to where the others were in the waiting room area , which had been turned into a treatment and exam area , and standing in the place where the barricade had been was jeff .
the newly built barricade blew just as diana and megan were walking to where the others were in the waiting room area , which had been turned into a treatment and exam area , and standing in the place where the barricade had been was jeff .
the guard will check credentials before allowing entry into the area where pegasus is located .
although , according to the alien documents the flying saucer remained exactly in the middle of the staging area where it started , it never actually moved , only the world around it changed to the pegasus selected destination gps coordinates .
at t minus zero , the craft began to disappear and totally departed the staging area at t plus seven seconds .
a millisecond or two passed as another shot sounded almost simultaneously from his left toward the area of the picket fence and the grassy area .
the discharge officer announced aloud to the people milling around in the waiting area .
suddenly the room grew silent - you could have heard a pin drop as the captain spoke , let me say , yes , this person i saw running away from that area was a woman !
gabby had been notified of the death of her two brothers and only sister on the mexico flight and had been recalled to the u.s . on her return to the u.s . and the subsequent discovery her family had not been killed she found an apartment - just a one bedroom , den and combined kitchen / dining area , but it had an enormous fifth floor window , a window which allowed for a panoramic view of the washington skyline .
sam lin absentmindedly answered , still engrossed in watching her go around the screen separating the restroom from the main seating area .
the kitchen area was separated from the living room by a bar and a couple of stools .
surveying the room they could see one side was full of grey , steel lockers with large three inch high apartment numbers on the doors each apartment was entitled to one locker and one caged storage area the lessee provided their own locks and keys .
across from the row of lockers was kays small , chain link enclosed storage area .
chapter forty - two pegasus returns home grandpa and mike watkins hurried into the outer reception area .
they walk directly in front of the tsbd on their way to an area of the concrete pedestal where abraham zapruder will film the assassination .
he did not want olive marie to be in the direct line of fire of the assassin in the wooden area ; however , at this location they should still be within twenty feet of the limousine as the first shot is fired .
after the meal , they sat in the main room of the house , a comfortable area that included the kitchen , the big table with its benches , and two rocking chairs in front of the fireplace .
the room was large , enough to hold the kitchen , table , and open living area of whatever farm family it belonged to , now large enough to hold the wounded .
there was a little porch - like area there that served as a wagon seat when they were on the move .
it took two hours before they were crouched at the shadowed opening across the wide dock area from the ship of the seviade cotar , proclaimed the sea hawk by the large white letters on the stern .
the three of us now walked from the hallway into the kitchen area , nelson almost glowing with excitement .
zalgon settled , zalie , my mom and me on some cots in a small room off the main area of his hut .
she pointed to the two chairs she has in the main shop area and we the witchs shoppe 27 sat down .
* * * a young girl welcomed them into the reception area , the decor was mostly falling off the walls but generally the place was bright and cheerful .
a taller elderly but well built man appeared from behind the reception area by jove you are the spit of your mother , and i tell you , that is definitely meant as a compliment the man was well tanned with a suggestion of high blood pressure - as if he d just finished a christmas dinner - and he spanked of colonial britishness .
she beckoned him up and , taking his hand as if he were a child led him away from the camp to a bathing area .
the bolts in the door retracted with a low metallic groan and he entered the control room , located off to the left side of the huge central area .
beyond the table was a discussion area with more danish - style chairs .
she stepped back to her left , waving her right hand towards the discussion area .
he shrugged out of the jacket , throwing it over the back of one of the ornate chairs in the seating area .
they were simple but efficient , and a team of combat engineers had constructed an enclosed area that connected the container to the facility so that staff would nt need to walk through the cold weather of the mountain - top to have a shower .
they walked to the press area where chuck pulled out a remote .
the round entered through the starboard bridge wing and detonated somewhere in the middle of the bridge , sending a fireball of steel and glass out across the cargo area of the vessel .
neither , mike got out of his chair and walked over to one of the whiteboards that stood on frames around the central working area .
what had served as their conference area was now completely overgrown with desks and office equipment .
the new twenty - five - foot wide ring of added space played host to two new conference areas on opposite sides of the opening .
the second floor also housed workspaces for visiting staff , a secure discussion room and a small lunch area complete with a staffed barista machine .
as the group broke up , mike caught mccutcheons attention and walked over to the lunch area .
greyhound main terminal calgary , alberta august 25th , 2027 callum sat in the waiting area of the large atrium , watching a newscaster from the local twenty - four - hour news channel as she rehashed the surprise announcement that humanitys response to the aliens would launch early with only one augmented fleet rather than two .
cameras were the least of callums problems now as he looked around the departure area .
though his own action station , known as the hole , was in the strange opening in the middle of the ceiling , this large area contained the communications section and he was being given a last chance to talk to his cousin before the fleets went into a communications blackout .
it had spread mostly in the areas associated with the hangar deck and a quarter of the ground crew and more than half of the ships infantry had been infected .
parnell looked over from the sitting area where he was in discussion with sam worthington , whitehouse chief of staff , and admiral tom kelly , chairman of the joint chiefs .
the safe contained three shelves at the top and a large open area at the bottom .
this area had a natural crack in the ceiling that would allow the smoke to escape .
we must past not one , but two different guard stations before getting into the lab area .
the large area downstairs was getting dark as the sun began setting on another miserable cambodian day .
jack surveyed his handy work in perspective to the entire pool area .
they were the only empty places left , it being a saturday with yet another brat birthday party in the common area .
it looked like any other service area in the store .
they entered the arena and found that it was separated into five large sections , one main , central area , which was a platform with raised stone seats immediately surrounding it , and four smaller areas situated outside that perimeter .
they entered the arena and found that it was separated into five large sections , one main , central area , which was a platform with raised stone seats immediately surrounding it , and four smaller areas situated outside that perimeter .
practice arenas , tomaz said , nodding to the four smaller areas .
applause came from the area surrounding the practice arena and the prince turned to see that a crowd had gathered to watch , many of them wearing green - and - gold or green - and - silver uniforms .
they searched the front area by the door for a hidden key , but none was found .
the house only had two rooms , so luke took the living area and ruiz took the bedroom .
privacy in a small office area was difficult with thin walls and shared ventilation ductwork .
there are a couple offices and an open bay area up front .
the rest of the building is this large open area .
the area was originally intended to store large equipment .
the area had been densely populated with people jammed in small cubicles , so the floor was covered in debris .
they found the largest open area on the roof and peter made a call , little bird aircraft en route federal building , do you copy ?
minutes after takeoff , they reached the staging area in an old shopping mall located in naperville .
the chatter dissipated and a voice said , go ahead peter responded , we are at the bomb staging area , and the bombs are gone , along with the detonation transmitter .
little bird one reached the end of the high - rise area and turned one hundred eighty degrees up wabash avenue , when the radio blared , striker one , this is striker two , over !
peter called headquarters and requested that the governor send all available guard and state law enforcement to the area to do a ground search , including inside parking areas .
dim light from rear kitchen area .
as the plane taxied to the parking area , he stood by the door hoping to make a quick exit , but he waited to thank the crew for their support .
he followed the team to the birthing area set up for seals and their special equipment .
peter had been there before and felt at ease walking around public areas .
crouching in the shadows , he moved forward , into the darkened area .
as they passed onto the mall area of the museums , more people were strolling .
he knew the treatment was extraordinary for the crew to alter a flight plan in the washington area , and it was appreciated .
emerging into an oddly shaped area with a low ceiling , rift continues forward , not wanting to give the stalfos a chance to catch up .
an array of practice grounds litters the multistoried area including tests of balance , target ranges , swordplay dummies , and endurance challenges .
the next area is a seafood slaughterhouse .
returning to their optimal viewing area below the balcony , the sisters wait to see the fruits of their labor .
setting a casual pace back to the central room , rift regains his composure as mai materializes to guide him through the area .
without hesitation , he leaps into the air , taking mais hand and swinging the short distance into the next area .
the spreading cloud of darkness has no smell or texture , seeming only to exist in the visual realm as link dashes through it , climbing to the central area of the sand - coated building .
agilely flipping and dodging away , rift narrowly eludes a haymaker punch from ganondorf , backing into the wall at the edge of the area .
a faint amount of light spills through a large crack in the ceiling , illuminating the otherwise dim area .
confused by the seemingly pointless area , he walks to the opposite side of the enclosure to find another small alcove similar to the one housing the portal at the entrance .
the spout of glowing , pink sand in a nearby corner of the massive area doubles its flow , the entire room much brighter now that the quantity of pink sand has all but matched that of the purple .
with a few helpful hands from mai , the boy descends back to base level , curiously inspecting the area , but finding no other switches .
walking aimlessly through the indiscernible area , rift pauses when he hears the distinct sound of falling sand to his left .
the cia building was one large vault , and she was nt going to pass into any unsecured areas .
jamie was accustomed to looking around when entering any enclosed area .
he let out a deep breath and walked slowly past her into the front sitting area , not looking at her .
entering the waiting area , a young woman was sitting with an older couple .
when the plane landed and she came out of passport control , she was relieved to see a nicely - dressed young woman standing in the baggage - claim area holding a sign with her name on it .
he led them to the rear of the building where a barred door protected a second steel door , probably a tool bin or parts storage area .
there had been no sound or other clue that anyone was in the front processing area .
the ninja who was not bill made a beautiful fooming noise as his assets were reallocated across the dining area .
the outrage room was a special area in his lair in which he kept breakable items and vhs tapes of duke manfist , his hated enemy .
hammocks were strung between the stanchions , and a small kitchen area occupied the stern .
applying the same technique every time she came to an unstable area , she eventually came to another gap in the ceiling .
andreas had his own small suite of rooms at the end of the corridor where the students could find him if they needed him ` ` if you stay , '' he added pointedly and there was also a communal washing area .
a target board hung on one wall , just far enough from any of the bedroom doors to be a safe practice area , so she took out a knife and made her aim .
daniel took the dozen blades , walked to the centre of the practice area and paused , searching for the number 1 .
a thick rope was strung out to mark the limits of the fighting area , and benches had been arranged around the outside for everyone who wanted to watch : an assortment of first years , academy instructors , and other , unfamiliar faces had come along for the spectacle .
we set up one space for a weapons envoy , but we 'll need a second trade area to account for eleanor .
across the top of the security area bright red monikers flashed alerts about forbidden objects and substances , warning travelers against transporting illegal items .
colonel pry dashed toward the security area and breyden trailed close behind .
if they could get to the security area before word of the incident reached the crowd , they could sometimes trick those waiting for the arrival of the smuggler into revealing themselves .
her party should meet her by the , he glanced around the security area , main security exit .
they had searched a few other areas , but he worried that anyone with half a brain could see the other areas were also related to him ; the washroom closest to his bedroom , the tv room , and the game room .
they had searched a few other areas , but he worried that anyone with half a brain could see the other areas were also related to him ; the washroom closest to his bedroom , the tv room , and the game room .
they had just entered the ticket area when breyden spied her , the beautiful brunette with the mesmerizing eyes .
the building was a maze of corridors and offices which opened into a spacious assembly line area with loading bay doors .
they pushed the terrified girls into the center of the assembly area where about thirty people were kneeling on the floor .
breyden scanned the area for any hint of her but lowered his head and scowled at the floor as he stepped onto the escalator .
when he exited the restroom he exhaled in relief as she sipped on a beverage next to a small snack counter in the middle of the area .
glass control booths ran in a semicircle along half the wall and a weapons and equipment area continuing the rest of the way .
you could nt travel , purchase goods , or enter public buildings or public areas without a government issued i d card .
a bright bulb like a street lamp hung from the center of the roof over the tracks , providing the area its main source of light .
walking single file , they followed eric to the slide area .
sheets of gold lined the walls , giving the recessed area the appearance of a sacred shrine .
she needed to get dressed again before she could move into the lounge area .
the lounge area had filled in with people waiting for the flight to india .
beth moved into the building , she walked through the customs area and joined a long line .
beth walked out of the customs area and into baggage claim .
before she left she motioned to a small area filled with seats .
sanjeev took his leave and left beth in the reception area .
beth followed rose through the door and into a small office area .
beth followed raj into the sitting area next to the check in desk .
they entered the reception area and beth realized she had not read anwars letter .
once through the scanning machine she was invited into a canvas screened off area and told to step up onto a wooden box .
beth retrieved her backpack and headed into the waiting area for terminal two international .
she walked into the coat check area and found a quiet place to lean against a wall .
the sound echoed in the enclosed valet area and it sounded powerful .
she proceeded down a ramped entrance to the private parking area of a luxury condominium building .
it was programmed to open the security door leading to the parking area in her building .
once they entered through the second door they would be in the main lobby area of the condominium .
as if in slow motion the small plane elegantly landed on the runway and then steered to one of the holding areas .
she walked through two sets of sliding doors and into the greeting area .
to her left were a couple of steps leading to an area with stainless steel railings and a sloping glass roof .
to the right lay the reception area .
the check in counter was high technology with brightly lit panels of white lights illuminating the area .
she opened the door and stepped into the reception area .
the hallway opened to a wider area and a lady sitting at a desk .
they traveled down the hall and into the reception area .
as they entered the reception area she stood and stared at beth .
beth left the reception area and walked out into the hallway .
once inside the secured area she started to notice the artwork strategically placed .
she passed the crowded carousels and entered the greeting area .
it was 8.15am local time and the greeting area was only half full .
a stained glass revolving door opened up into a larger reception area .
in front of beth was a large sitting area with a few people drinking coffee and reading newspapers .
the sitting area had three large floor to ceiling windows flooding bright sunshine into the room .
to the right was a wooden reception area and check in desk .
beth recognized everard when she turned the corner and entered the hotel lobby area .
the open doors led into an area with a high vaulted ceiling .
he was tucked away to one side of the pub in a private nook area .
turning the key she pushed the door open into a small landing area .
when matt returned this note would be at his eye level when he stood in the landing area looking up the stairs .
as they entered into the reception area the policeman nodded to a uniformed lady staffing the front desk .
they walked towards a door positioned to the right of the reception area .
they entered into an area containing three interview rooms .
inside , the pages had been cut to hollow out a square storage area .
he quietly followed ammans huge frame into the palaces reception area .
after emptying the storage areas an old book containing scribbles was found .
he turned his collar up against the lashing rain and hurried into the reception area .
he noticed a heavily secured area at the front of the cathedral sporting a large gold chest .
they ran into a little dressing area , concealed from the church .
he did nt see anyone making the call , but he knew it was coming from the kitchen area , from behind a closed door , clear on the other side of the restaurant !
this area houses the central computer , the zva reactor core , the water reclamation system , and many other systems and devices that keep this ship functioning .
near the bridge area , a cyan coloured barrier literally grew up from the ships floor .
dave was sitting on his familiar blue denim couch , and playing his classical guitar in the living room area he had designed for himself .
the efficient unit consisted of one sleeping cubicle , a cooking compartment , a minute cleaning booth , and a main living area .
the walls were white and bare except for a single framed , written passage that hung on the wall in the living area .
not wanting to waste the afternoon , i had a little spruce around the unit , changing the bed , dusting the living area , emptying the bins , and clearing out - of - date food from the cupboards .
drake ducked under the doorway , which led straight into the living area .
i stepped back into the main living area when i felt something snap under my foot .
stage two - they position themselves at key areas around the ministers planet , knocking out all communication systems .
to get past the first wave of men , we blew up the truck as a diversion and snuck our way inside the gated area .
there was a seating area and the hulking shadow of an old refrigerator , now silent .
the main area of the rectangular room was empty , the walls leading to what looked like an altar on a dais against the back wall .
the taller man in the middle of the group , noticing movement from the back door area , looked up as a bullet sliced through his right arm .
the dimensions inside the c-5 allow for front loading rails , which will keep the shuttle in place during takeoff and allow for a clean exit out of the rear door area .
he was banned from approaching any aircraft , or even the runway areas , and because of him , several additional cameras were mounted around the sensitive areas of andrews air force base .
he was banned from approaching any aircraft , or even the runway areas , and because of him , several additional cameras were mounted around the sensitive areas of andrews air force base .
the audi had only enough room in the small frontal compartment and rear area for their clothing , and they left much of their catch for a pretty restaurant owner jonesy had tried to befriend in the neighboring town of buxton .
the ejection of a large , solid aerodynamic aircraft out of the rear area is the least disruptive for any air turbulence at a climbing speed above 400 knots , he lectured .
i remember you , jones , said the senior pilot as they entered the large flight cockpit area made for four working crew .
inside , large plastic - sheeted inner work areas gave the workers clean work conditions .
vin realized that these workers must represent fewer than half the people on base , and many must be having lunch in their sterile areas .
ask for platinum ones , said jonesy as they walked up to an area that looked like a stage , where the pretty blonde girl who vin had seen in the wheelchair was being helped to dress in what looked like an exoskeleton suit of lower body parts .
she led him to the chair as a second metal body skeleton walked by itself out of an area hidden behind curtains .
in each aircraft , the troop compartment , located in the aft upper deck , had been removed and the aft cargo - door complex modified to increase the dimensions of the cargo compartment 's aft loading area .
the third is a cargo transfer craft with an open plan cargo area , ryan replied .
the second compartment will be made usable as a second area for humans for long - term flight .
the four pilots had to first shower , then put on sterile suits and , once checked out , were allowed to enter the enclosed areas where the silver spacecraft were .
the exterior walls of the spacecraft were up , but lines of cables and electrical lines were being fed into dials , controls , and hydraulics already in place in the cockpit areas by the scientists .
jonesy continued to verbalize his timing if they were doing a real shuttle ejection ; he even pushed the controls in the newly installed system in the cargo area to facilitate release at the right time .
a month later the first of the two space shuttles , now aptly named silver bullet one , sb - i for short , or sierra bravo i as a radio call sign , was taken out of her plastic sterile area , and the four shuttle pilots , with suzi and ryan in attendance , gathered around to view her .
a second flight later that day would be exactly the same , but a one - ton load would be tied down into the shuttles mid - cargo area .
vin and suzi found a quiet area to sit together and finish their umpteenth beers .
as with the other hangars , there were areas sectioned off where people worked in sterile environments .
after coffee and snacks , they all showered in the scientists large area of locker rooms and each was given white clothing to put on .
so now , handsome , we are at the same height , said suzi bending across and kissing him as he wheeled himself out of the mens area through a special door .
here is our main fruit area , with one wall which will be grain crops , one wall of six different nuts , and a wall divided between three coffee trees and nine tea plants .
it covered the entire top area of the space station and the wing - type solar panels stuck out from this section .
the little area he could see looked much like the cockpit of their shuttle , but far older , and everything was in russian .
the forward supply compartment could be entered from the crafts docking port , but the third , fourth , and fifth cargo areas were not hatched , as the tanks of liquid gas were stored in the inner walls .
ryan had designed these canisters for several uses in space , with 10 empty canisters fitting in a pyramid form perfectly into each of the three rear compartment areas of the astermine craft for the precious metal cargoes they were about to fetch from dx2014 .
sixty canisters could fit inside the larger cargo areas of the shuttles .
just to make sure that they were hidden from any searching eyes , jonesy switched the bay lights off each time vin left the cargo area .
they can not enter their working areas until they have gone through a shower and dust collector system , the same used in the european space program .
bob was shown where to taxi by a turkish airport civilian police car , and steered the aircraft to the cargo area of the airport where they came to a halt in front of a large hangar .
he went down to the cargo area to watch the loading .
he organized the roof crane and slowly lifted the reactor housing into the rear area of the shuttles cargo bay .
he struggled slightly to take each step and had to be assisted by the astronauts to the contamination area to get help removing his flight suit .
i would be interested to know myself ; and , if you wish , you can check around each of the outside areas of my twelve hangars .
the radiation detectors went through the main cargo area of the galaxy and found nothing amiss .
in addition , astermine twos forward supply compartment , the compartment for astronaut supplies is to be modernized into a living area with horizontal sleeping units , horizontal sleeping is possible in the astermine craft due to the electromagnets in her floor area , and also a bath - bag system for long - distance travel .
in addition , astermine twos forward supply compartment , the compartment for astronaut supplies is to be modernized into a living area with horizontal sleeping units , horizontal sleeping is possible in the astermine craft due to the electromagnets in her floor area , and also a bath - bag system for long - distance travel .
much like the large freight trucks around today , her second compartment will be turned into a more comfortable living area for you astronauts .
once the cargo was loaded , which took an hour , the liquid hydrogen pumps needed eleven hours to fill the liquid fuel tanks with 2,840 gallons in each of the two ten - ton pressure vessels in the forward area of the rocket motor , a cost to ryan of $ 650 per gallon to manufacture .
there was so much rock to collect that vin still had nt visited the rear area of the massive crater .
if he ca nt get off you are to help him by getting the four kevlar cords you will take with you , connected to the bolts inside the spacecrafts cargo area .
her liftoff had helped them slightly as it had piled up the silver rocks around her landing area , a hundred feet away .
his sleeping area was apparent only if you noticed that a spot had been removed of pebbles and rocks .
they sat in a small corner of the paved area of the school surrounded by old stone buildings and argued long and hard about what to do about the talisman .
i ca nt imagine you ll want to cook tonight but , if you do , the guest communal area is on the fifth floor .
thankfully they were still able to access the decked areas and see the stars with the naked eye .
just off of the dining area , on the left wall was a small nook , maybe meant for that dining table but happened to fit the head of chris bed and a tiny night table .
it was mostly a retail area which closed around 9 pm .
he walked over toward the kitchen area , bent down and opened a small cupboard door .
i had my men search the area around the catapult as well as tobin leroths quarters and his office in the esoterium , but we did nt find anything .
finally he was rewarded with a palace brooch , signifying that he was on the lord governors official business and had freedom to enter most areas within the city .
as soon as she announced herself to the clerk on duty in the reception area , she was taken into the bowels of the guildhall , while bander was asked to wait on hard bench in the front hallway .
at roughly the twelve minute mark , a white - robed acolyte emerged from a back corridor and looked into the waiting area .
we were notified by the mage guild that a fugitive was loose in the vicinity of the cathedral area .
* * * central london the wooden pillow was nt meant to be comfortable ; in fact oneill thought the whole cell left much to be desired in that particular area , but , looking on the bright side , at least he had more room to himself than he had on the mess deck .
the cylinder split apart vertically , revealing a small area inside with three red upholstered chairs surrounding a small lacquered table .
twenty - nine , thirty , thirty - one , thirty - two -- if you ever feel truly claustrophobic , we have an area of the facility designed specifically to aid you .
the lights in the hallway had brightened as the door closed , washing the area with an eerie dull yellow glow and bringing with it a vacuum silence .
karen walked from the room to the bedroom area swiftly .
the bathroom is a place that exists almost everywhere on earth and has the added benefit of also generally being the most private area within any location .
he walked back to his living area and plopped himself down in the large blue chair .
she was making a meal in the area of the fire .
when the basket was full , they would bring it to an area in front of the corncrib where the new ears of corn would be put on the ground for sorting .
wolf eyes and red talon looked at each other with smiles on their faces and hurried to the area of the menstrual hut .
beyond that entrance , the tiny tunnel that once led to our chamber had been replaced by a vast assembly area .
each skeleton had been placed inside a small shelf - like area that had been carved into the wall of the tunnel .
i looked at the overhanging roof and realized that the reason ogre and his friends were back here in the first place is because there were no security cameras covering this area .
to the right of the entrance is a 50 x 50 vinyl - padded training area that extends to the back and left walls .
i see tia standing in the center of the padded area wearing her usual black tank top and yoga pants .
tia starts walking back into the gym area as i follow her .
we walk down to our usual area and sit on the benches .
i had this dream where i was talking with my drive through a large silver door in an area covered in darkness .
i run towards the food area and see seven more dead guests along the way .
a raised area , the place where they were sequestered was often used as a stage when they turned the gym into an auditorium .
she jumped up and ran into the passenger area , returning a moment later with the green pack .
jamies right fist connected squarely with the ninjas jaw , sending him reeling back into the passengers area .
although he knew full well that the museum - house was the most securely guarded area of the city and that no - one was ever allowed into it .
wreckage was strewn wildly throughout the area , which now stood revealed as an altered natural site , with man - made side rooms and a floor of level concrete .
she was still chattering as conway watched the foursome collect their eating utensils and move to the washing area in the control room near the disposal shaft .
the four women in the wash area hurried out to listen .
the women sent conway poisonous glares before nervously entering the warehouse area .
for a while everything seemed as it should be , but when sylah was on her way back from retrieving her cloak , she caught the younger woman watching a particular area with a frightening intensity .
the rest moved back to the small living area adjacent to the control room .
altanar watched him go , lifting the tankard to his lips , keeping it there until the door to the sleeping area closed .
cautiously pushing his way through , ted headed toward the area where all the non - perishable foods were staged .
aisles of shelves filled the area that was under roof , obscuring the far side of the department from view .
their chirping grew into a crescendo as ted and melody approached the bird food area .
once we get past the area where i make my usual rounds we should be all right , ted said .
in the area of wall that had been hidden by the shelves , there was an opening roughly the size of a normal door .
this area was laid out in an l formation that formed an inside corner of the building .
this semi - secluded area was not visible from any road and almost no one drove around the back of the building anymore .
this area had been transformed into a gladiators ' arena .
the outer area of the wine house contained the cheap seats for the all - male clientele .
paper lattice doors divided this main area from a the small side rooms where better - heeled patrons cavorted with the wine house yojas .
my dim , yellow room light was inadequate for reading , so i moved to the little lounge area around the corner and parked in a battered chair .
it was only 10:30 , so i went to the mail area and emptied my box .
i entered the lounge area in a foul humor .
in the outer area , upended fuel drums with braziers .
the whole area , except for the aisles , was covered by straw tatami mats .
we walked out of the dock area .
we entered a small restaurant and took a table in the main area .
that damned inscription had popped up again , written on the wood right by my sleeping area !
i retreated outside to the bow area and looked about warily .
a kitchen / dining area occupied one end while a large common room took up much of the rest .
two spartan bedrooms , one of which had been set up for me , and a small office opened out into the common area .
the gallery area was thickly carpeted , and little spotlights hanging from the ceiling illuminated the various drawings posted on the walls .
he spread a map out on the table and pointed to a large shaded area .
there is a blue - carpeted landing and steps that lead down into a sitting area .
to the left of the sitting area are an untidy desk and a lifeless terminal emitter .
directly ahead and behind the sitting area is another set of steps leading to another landing where a tall muscular man dressed in a black sleeveless t - shirt and thick black combat slacks , looks out at the stars through a transparent bulkhead .
she licks her lips then takes a deep breath before walking through the sitting area and up the steps to the landing .
i have detected that dock doors are sealing and all personnel are exiting the surrounding area , warrior explains simply .
the three visitors walk through the hatchway and into a cramped reception area .
the doors to the tram shut with a hiss and the tram glides away from the docking area with surprising speed .
the landing faces into a very large living room area with chairs , coffee table , a u - shaped couch and bookshelves filled with books lining the entire room ; except for a door that jason did not remember being there before .
solendria yanks the girl about and then points to an area next to where solendria 's jumpship is docked .
with the sealing of the iris , a sharp loud hiss and geysers of air from the deck and ceiling welcomes the introduction of atmosphere into the interior of the docking area .
our team is going to breach the prisoner holding area , the sergeant in charge reports over the channel .
* * * * * the entire holding area is dimly lit by blue emergency lights and filled with a stale rotting scent .
the screams of sergeant vickers and his men can be heard echoing throughout the prisoner holding area .
aside from your office and the main door leading in from the reception area , every door has been open .
they were in a hallway that stretched off to the right and left , much like the one on the floor below , but directly in front of them was a glass wall separating them from what was clearly the facilitys commons room and dining area .
looking into the room paul said , with all due respect , dr . abrams , this is a very small area to spend an entire night just staring at the wall .
around the corner and down the hall is where you ll find our training area .
i would like you to join them in the training area just down the hall .
* * * dittrich was right on the mark when he said paul could nt miss the training area .
after following the hallway no more than a dozen paces , the walls on his left changed from drywall to thick plate glass , giving him an unobstructed view of the training area in its entirety .
each room within the training area also has its own color designation .
not in this room , but here in the training area .
he does nt usually come into the training area at night .
mostly , this only consisted of keeping ones own room in good order as well as cleaning the training area after each session .
and so it was that paul found himself walking into the orange room of the training area the next morning .
walking back through the maze of glass halls to get out of the training area , paul was joined by parker , who was also heading to the commons room for lunch .
at that point he was down in the glass training area , trying to find his way toward the course training area that steven had described at lunch .
at that point he was down in the glass training area , trying to find his way toward the course training area that steven had described at lunch .
feeling foolish , he took a deep breath , stood up , and made his way toward the training area where he anticipated that everyone else would be waiting for him .
the air of disappointment the group felt was left in the training area , though , and as they made their way outside a lot of good - natured verbal jibes were given and received .
they went down to the training area , making idle chitchat about last nights glory run and how funny it had been to watch paul fall the first few times .
my pop used to bounce me around worse than those little ladies in the training area .
if they were smart , they d have a keg in that training area all tapped and waiting just for me .
after waking to the dream he went down to the training area where steven was waiting on the podium .
the entry area was a vestibule with two doorways on the left , one on the right , and one straight ahead .
dr . abrams and carlisle came from the area directly in front .
watching her turn tail and head back toward the reception area , paul chuckled and hurried on toward the training room .
they d passed four sets of doors , each with a blast door like the one that separated the living area from the antechamber .
looking over the area , steven nodded judiciously and said , even sharing a bedroom , this is better than my room back in the trailer .
punching steven in the shoulder , they made their way down to the safe room area .
were being dropped right near the edge of lake huron , so my guess is we might be in a shipping yard or some kind of outdoor storage area .
confused , he got up and padded down the hallway to the lounge area .
confused and disoriented , paul started to reply , but hodge walked into the lounge area from his own safe room .
chapter 23 before joining liz in the training area , paul went to the balcony for some privacy and tried calling stephanie .
down in the training area , he was paired with liz for training in ethics .
paul asked steven as they were leaving , each to return to their respective training areas .
looking around through the glass walls of the training area to make sure no one was in hearing distance , kenneth said , relax , paul .
parker was supposed to work with him today on the basic understanding and recognition of foreign languages , so he told parker he would meet him in the training area in about a half hour .
as far as he knew , all three of the ladies that worked in the front area were with the cia .
closing the door to the office area , he was halfway to the training area when he heard gladys calling his name from the door , waving him back .
closing the door to the office area , he was halfway to the training area when he heard gladys calling his name from the door , waving him back .
how about we just meet up in an hour down in the training area ?
think they re down in the training area ?
entering into the training area , paul could see most of the other walkers .
they looped through the training area , past other walkers that were hard at work .
having made a full circuit of the training area , they reached the main hall again , but instead of going back toward the front of the building they turned and headed the other way .
steven had said he was pretty sure the training area was set into the mountain , and from the direction they were heading it appeared he was right .
he was about as far back in the training area as he could get .
he did nt have a complete view of the whole training area , since he was all the way back in the far corner .
if he did see anyone in the training area , he would be ready and hold up the pages to get their attention .
at one point he saw someone moving at the far end of the training area close to the main hall , but he could nt tell who it was .
chapter 29 paul raced through the training area , running as fast as he could until he reached the sanctum , hoping and praying he would find everyone there .
lastly , he described how he d been locked in a room at the far corner of the training area .
the worst area was around the speaker on the wall .
when he moved to the second , third and fourth floors he saw the living areas for acalan and his family .
matilda was amazed to see a glassed in area where the domed roof was also made of glass so that you could see the sky above .
inside the area , trees and shrubs had been planted around a stream that ran over rocks and was fed by a waterfall which flowed through the glass wall .
look , said jia , pointing to the far wall of the dragon 's area which was also glass .
she saw that the stream passed through another glass wall that separated the two areas .
this second area was set out similarly to the dragon 's space except that it contained a large nest made of twigs .
the vandals also set fire to the empty workers quarters so that the area was like a huge bonfire .
jia led matilda through the maze of corridors until they reached the glassed in area at the centre of the palace .
jia went to the back of the area where a cage on wheels sat next to a small door which led into the interior of the dragon 's domain .
the intruder came straight to this area of the palace , explained maximilian .
and , as a leader , he has access to all areas of the palace .
it had been dug far into the mountain and the passages running off from the entrance area contained a multitude of rooms .
it was very comfortable , with a huge fire in the entrance area , the smoke funnelled outside by a secret chimney that hid the fumes from anybody outside .
jay was taking in all the scenery when hollie said , that over there , she was pointing to the temple , is where we meet up and then that over there , if you can make it out , she now moved her hand to point at a stadium , is the games area where we play squally ball .
i can introduce you to the rest of the camp then , hollie explained as they began to walk back to the meeting area , which they saw on the way to the dorms .
as they walked further in , jay could hear some people laughing and chattering from either side of him and turned to see two seating areas , which were packed of four or more people who were all giggling and joking .
they passed the edges of the battling area in deep conversation about squally ball , and jay got to see the actual squally ball court close up and , after glancing through the alley into the stadium , noticed that the court was exactly like the one he had seen inside his book .
well meet you in the fighting area about one - ish ?
he cleared the scene from his mind and decided to take a look into one of the books , and then maybe tell everyone about what happened at the waterfall when they meet at the fighting area later .
he got to one of the entrances to the fighting area and took a break before entering , did nt want to walk in half dead .
when he got to the campfire he met broudie , who asked him if he wanted to try again at the fighting area , which he had avoided on the way to the sheds .
jay agreed , hoping he was joking , and they walked into the fighting area with just a sword and a shield , which broudie carried casually , holding his sword which was tucked into some sort of sword holder attached to a belt on his trousers .
jay asked curiously as they entered the fighting area , crossing the place where jay was skewered .
all five of you will perfect your weapons and practise every morning in the fighting area .
as they were walking over to the fighting area , everyone was checking out jays shield .
when they entered the area jordan turned to speak , right , we need a leader , someone who will make the final decisions .
then when they finished the hour on the protecting spell , they left the fighting area for some well - deserved lunch at their cabins .
just then , as if they had heard what bobby had said , four people walked under the banner and into the entrance area .
they walked into the shopping area to have a look around , and then they split up , agreeing to meet up at the entrance to gate eighteen .
it was when they were crossing the drop off area , that jay felt the unusual sensation .
then they filed out of the plane into a sitting area where they had to wait another fifteen minutes whilst the other passengers arrived .
so , the fighting area , broudie said , jay could tell he was excited , it was broudies favourite place , other than the weapon room .
they strolled along the grass , climbed over the bridge and walked into the fighting area .
yes , and i said that the fighting area should have a changeable ground level as well .
behind the large area were three doors .
amy pointed out a large group of kids wondering through the fighting area .
bobby pointed to the back side of the fighting area .
hecate , hollie , bobby , jay and mormo swept over the stream to meet everyone else in a group at the one entrance to the fighting area .
at the fighting area , that s cool , hollie agreed , me , cameron and lochlanll just sit and watch then .
amy smiled and led the group over towards the fighting area .
byron must have noticed too , since she felt eryk stop in the area of the barracks a little while before lunch , where he remained for a time .
she knew that the open area above would help with the acoustics of the room , but for her it would make for an excellent hiding place , once she figured out the best way to get up there and best location to see as much as possible of the floor below .
she followed the healer into the main reception area of the suite , and then off into a small side room .
looking around quickly , aislynn could nt see anything unusual or out of place , and she moved into the bedroom for a quick examination of that area .
i have taken about a hundred men prisoner , like you asked , reported osei tutu without thought to a greeting first , they are located at fort st . anthony , where adequate lodging 's for slave trade can be accommodated in the dungeon area .
a boy moved a herd of spotted goats down the road and was yelled at by a presidio guard , a soldado , who kicked at one errant goat that had the audacity to pull a few daisies from one of the planted areas surrounding the paved public area .
and finally they visited the large dispensa and cooperage , the storage room where the wide variety of goods , formerly grown and manufactured by the mission , were stored and where , in a small area , barrels were constructed for the storage .
the facility was heavily fortified , and based on satellite surveillance was suspected of being a staging area for insurgent operations in the area .
in my mind , the assailant was the only man in the room , but as i focused on his hulking form rapidly advancing on me in the center of the galley , i could see the rest of the men stand up and line the walls of the dining area .
but intel stated that the facility was being used as a staging area for insurgent strikes against allied forces in the area .
he escorted me down the long corridor , past the empty cells of the pretrial confinement area and through the heavy steel doors that led to the concrete landing outside .
then i rushed to the cellar door , yanked it open and dropped inside , finding a basement corridor that led to the recesses storage area .
i needed a private area to change .
sounded fair to me so i did what she said and moved down the hall toward the reception area where the pretty secretary with the bedroom eyes first met us .
the detective and i both looked to where phillip was yelling and saw him waving at us frantically so we trotted up the path leading to the parking area where we found the others in a discussion .
inquired george who d just entered from the nightclubs bar area after cleaning up the blood from two beheadings and one maiming .
when we got back to the computer area of the library we found trudy still sitting in front of the monitor with the cutest little frown of concentration on her forehead .
for some reason putting things inside a small enclosed area actually makes it feel larger .
i said from the kitchen area by the front door which was easily audible in the living room where they stood because six - hundred square feet really is nothing more than an oversized closet .
he , unfortunately , must ve not recovered enough brain activity to actually grasp the task at hand because instead of cleaning one area and enlarging it he was making numerous little circles and my shower wall appeared as though a depressed polka - dot fairy with a thing for moldy grey had decided to decorate .
since the lights were on and the actual combat area clean of obstacles except for a few heads whatever advantages i brought to the table were nullified .
underground , covering the entire complex was a secure area called the bunker .
both candace and stryker walked over to the bar area and sat down next to each other .
chapter 30 stryker received a call from jake that the new camaro was at the test area .
as soon as i stepped into the non public area surely a guard came and stood next to me , with a gun tucked in his belt , i averted my eye from the gun and looked at him and gave a smile miss , you should nt be here !
he parked his car in the parking area and we walked in to the college which was soo big and it took my breath away .
on the first was a well - kept garden complete with a grape trellis , fountains , and a dining area .
the varicks sitting room had been converted into an angry town hall for the evening , with the furniture having been moved into another room so they could fill the area with seats .
change and meet me by the loading area at the wharf .
melina bann had met him at the loading area at the end of the wharf not long after she had left him at the lean and pale .
thorn entered into the bedroom area , which sported a large circular bed made with satin sheets and lots of big fluffy pillows .
the front of the tent had a sitting area with wicker furniture , and more fluffy pillows , and there was a vanity area near to the bedroom with a large mirror and a ceramic bowl filled with water .
the front of the tent had a sitting area with wicker furniture , and more fluffy pillows , and there was a vanity area near to the bedroom with a large mirror and a ceramic bowl filled with water .
fala led them to the dining area , where the cooks got them some leftovers .
` ` gita , move over there , above the cooking area .
once the battle was over , the girls mustered in the cooking area .
she led her inside the bathing area .
they were ushered to a special seating area with perfect view of the arena .
lord ellsworth , the king of northeast forest , entered the seating area , in a dark brown cloak over his green suit , greeting them politely .
in addition , she knew a way to sneak into the port area if an opportunity arose and wondered how could she make that happen .
once inside , she removed the rock from the opening to observe the port area .
a grey - haired man emerged from the accommodation area and leaned over the bulwark , peering down at them .
the entire area was lit by lights atop tall tripods that looked aliens without arms .
jacky was able to snake his way through the compound and avoid areas where the light was brightest , and avoid taking routes that took him towards voices .
eventually , they were both inside the reception area of this old , abandoned prison .
jacky and leona left the range of camera 3 and entered the area covered by camera 4 .
he looked down at a short table next to a chair in the dressing room area and noticed an advertisement flash on the plasma screen affixed to the table .
there was a sudden flury of security activity as the crowd was quickly dispersed to the general seating area .
as the fighting area was cleared a booming deep voice echoed across the stadium .
connor walked maria to the trainers area in a roped off area on the pitch .
connor walked maria to the trainers area in a roped off area on the pitch .
connor humbly lifted his staff above his head saluting the crowd and walked back to the trainers ' area .
connor hurried maria to the trainers ' area as billy started speaking to the crowd , only pausing for translation .
billy meanwhile slithered towards the woman and escorted her to a sitting area near the front doors .
the guard took me to the inmate processing area or check in desk , as i preferred to call it , where i completed a bunch of registration paperwork .
i soon got restless and as my cell door was open , i decided to follow directions to the inmates lounge area , located in the west wing .
i doubt the inmates would be permitted 24 hour access to the lounge area once the place got busy but , for now , nobody was asking me to leave .
i d noticed that the canteen area was closed on my walk about , probably because it was hardly worthwhile opening up for just two inmates .
instead i was handed a plate of sandwiches and some chips to eat in the lounge area , but i still had to sit up at the table as there were standards to be set at mount hood .
josh and molly checked in the roof areas above our heads for surveillance cameras or snipers , but it was all clear .
he doubted there would be any for the air alone spoke of a sealed area that nothing could pass .
one large building made cage gag as he ran past and knew why it was kept far outside the main area of kote .
he noticed a small seating area and went over to wait .
cage led the way past the loud area from the sellers shouting over their competitors for the crowd to turn to them .
about three dozen tables sat in an open area around a smoldering hearth directly in the middle of the room with nearly eight rich families sitting together .
cage hurried below deck and found the kitchen area .
the area lit and pushed the darkness away .
there was a kitchen area with a table in the main room , and a smaller room off of it with a door .
sparks still shooting around the area showed the place had been left in a terrible mess .
jack told him it was held just outside the castle gates in a long penned off area .
next thing he knew he d reformed inside a magnificent castles reception area , dressed in fine clothes and surrounded by sparkling white light .
numbly following the chattering group into the launch area , she allowed herself to be guided into the glass pod .
sheer momentum propelled me through a curtained off area , straight into a group of participants huddled round a makeshift ouija board .
the large arrivals area was split into japanese passport holders and non - japanese passport holders .
mike followed the pack to the baggage collection area .
mike had travelled before and so was not feeling all that stressed about waiting around the arrivals area in a strange airport in an asian country .
in front of him was a small area of floor space covered in linoleum with a set of shelves to the side .
` ` then you step up to the raised area and leave your shoes . ''
they stepped up from the genkan , paul first , to a slightly elevated floor area made of a tough kind of plastic molded and coloured to look like wood .
the genkan area led immediately right .
the street was on the opposite side of the spot where he was standing , so he walked over to what was obviously a crossing area where people were milling around a red sign flashing an icon of a walker in a circle with a line struck through it .
walking along the front of the station area and entering the first street along , he immediately noticed that it was lined with vending machines .
tsuyoshi put down his towel , put on a coat , then took a set of keys from a hook on the wall next to the snack preparation area .
it was located in a downtown area called hachijo , not too far away from minami , the south and was just off the main shopping area of a shotengai ( shopping street ) .
he took off his shoes in the genkan area , like any other long - term resident of this country would , and proceeded on to the kitchen area on the right .
he took off his shoes in the genkan area , like any other long - term resident of this country would , and proceeded on to the kitchen area on the right .
mark remembered that the shower was at the end of the hallway to the left and the laundry area to the right .
he followed her in to the kitchen area without talking and noticed furniture that had not been there when had lived here .
there was a flat - screen tv on the bench space that separated the kitchen area from the lounge area , with some speakers on the floor and a konro ( portable gas cooker ) placed on a glass - topped coffee table in front of the sofa sitting flush against the back wall .
there was a flat - screen tv on the bench space that separated the kitchen area from the lounge area , with some speakers on the floor and a konro ( portable gas cooker ) placed on a glass - topped coffee table in front of the sofa sitting flush against the back wall .
it had moved and was now tucked away in a far corner , no longer close to the exit that led immediately to the main meeting area at hankyu station .
a joyous sense of triumph grew in his mind as he approached the exit leading to the hankyu station meeting area , where there would be a crowd of hundreds .
both mark and jon walked out of the living area towards the genkan and once in sight , kimberly reminded them both that she had been on her way to work when mark had arrived .
taking his cue , mark signed for his luggage , hauled it over the genkan area and placed in just next to the stairs in one movement .
still in the genkan area , he started wiggling his feet into his shoes .
okaasan followed him up after rearranging his shoes in the genkan area .
standing in the kitchen area was kenichi .
no one came to greet him and he could hear the sound of male voices , laughing and japanese speech coming from the living area .
mike wiggled out of the bar area and slunk on over to a high table that was free , making sure not to spill any of his 300 - yen pitcher of sapporo black label beer .
mark , mike and jon took his cue , stood and helped to organize the area , moving chairs and glasses .
is next to the reception area , ok ? ''
the elevator announced their arrival at the fifteenth floor , opening to a modern office and reception area .
* * * jon was down in the dumps and just shuffled around the kitchen and living area , pouting .
not intending to stay , mark started to stack his luggage in the genkan area .
towards the seating area rowdy drinkers broke into disagreement .
the girls followed barbara to the family room away from the areas exclusive to men drinking flat beer and shooting discouraging looks .
calvin drove and as they drew near they could see students packing out the hyde park pub and celebrating around the paved outer area and picnic tables .
grace looked to the area being rearranged into a dance floor .
the band sat with richard and grace in the reception area .
he left the cool of the venues backstage area and headed into wichitas heat , still radiating from the tarmac .
it was nt long before he found himself in a dense wood , the boulder area lying just ahead .
and standing upon one of the balcony areas , an entrancing beauty has been watching the proceedings with avid interest .
she yelled to her grizzled second , who d been solemnly watching the preceding event from the door to the vehicles cockpit area .
lanis entered the depot and moved hastily to the arming area .
the posts and ropes that once formed the queues had been removed and several tables and chairs had been haphazardly set up to form what appeared to be a break area for the dock crew , judging by the half - dozen or so men and women sitting about eating , talking and smoking .
each berth was roughly sixty mets wide , three hundred mets long and three or so stories deep , giving repair crews access to all areas around a docked vessel .
master raust will skin us if he catches us , said the red - haired one , without taking his eye off the activity at the landing area .
his mood brightened a bit as he strode off to the landing area just as the incoming drake passed over the main wall .
branching away from the main hall were several corridors that led to other areas of the citadel , many of which were no longer in use .
this area was less cluttered and bore the appearance of a small shrine rather than a museum display .
the area was dimly lit by sparsely placed lamps and the meager shafts of light that managed to pierce the filthy , transomed windows along the front .
the area was littered with a haphazard collection of trash ranging from old half - broken furniture to boxes of assorted , unidentifiable junk .
* * * behind the cockpit , in the small storage area across from the port side door , lanis sat on a fold - down seat between the lockers containing the hopper 's emergency supplies and spare parts .
lanis stood up and headed for the door to the cargo area .
* * * inside the lavs cargo area , the rest of shiv nine were jostled about in their seats as the craft maneuvered through the increasing etheric turbulence .
as she entered the cargo area she gave a thumbs - up to her team , then continued on to the rear of the craft .
as soon as the wounded were aboard , gray quickly made his way forward , leaving the team to get themselves situated in the cargo area .
he glanced back into the cargo area .
he nodded and ran off to the cargo area .
in the cargo area , watts , with a line around his waist , stepped out onto the open rear ramp , clutching one of the hydraulic cylinders for balance as he leaned out as far as he could .
she croaked as she pulled herself toward the storage area .
gray caught himself in the doorway from the cargo area .
gray yelled as he smacked the bulkhead in frustration and darted back into the cargo area .
twenty three 7 luun , 1396 nhaam valley region , northern calandra gray left the cargo bay and entered the hopper 's storage area , pausing at the door long enough to take a deep breath and slowly let it out .
up to this point , gray had been busy getting the team settled in for the ride back to the adamant ; taking stock of equipment and doing a quick status check of each member , starting with the wounded and ending with his expression tightened as he crossed the storage area and pulled down a stowed seat beside the cockpit door .
he glanced back toward the door to the cargo area .
danielle began to take a seat in the waiting area but found a shock in company as she beheld three other girls there who were not too unlike clones of herself .
danielle began to retire to the waiting area again , but could not stand the chills of looking at her human mirror images .
in the rehearsal room , the feedback of a final note sailed off through clouds of destruction clearing to make visible the carnage of dismantled robot parts charred and strewn about the area .
beyond two glass doors was a bright , two - level dining area where many of the students were buzzing about as they watched televisions tuned to the current programming of mtv .
the elevator doors parted and trecille shuffled slouching out into the reception area of the top floor of her office building where her assistant , steffennie , was waiting with a woman at her side .
as daisy and kayleigh descended the stairs from the roof , they saw peach leaving the kitchen area with a sandwich stacked with the usual meats , spreads , and vegetables along with some unusual toppings .
jizzelle rolled her eyes , but no sooner than the touch of her foot on the floor did an alarming anonymous call echo out over the area .
the ladies made the walk to the international arrivals area and took their places in the queue of many other tourists waiting to get their identification verified , but though the line was fairly lengthy , the multiple agents on duty kept everything moving apace .
tomika and jaylas smiles and eyes widened as they stepped into the warm , golden glow of lights nested in the roof of each of the stories of various shops and restaurants in the closely united shopping area of the terminal , but jina found her delight in the trading of texts with pepper .
nicole led them through the open kitchen and to the living area where she invited them to rest on her furniture set .
elizabeth carried cushions and blankets and made a living area on the landing outside of alices bedroom .
do nt you go anywhere , she instructed boris as she went back into the bar area .
giddeon was already on his way over to the area from where melody had come out of the building .
i caught up as he went through an open gate and down a little hallway which spilled into an expansive area that contained a swimming pool and a hot - tub .
for the first time i could just barely make out the scent of her perfume as we walked past the small kitchen into the living area .
he stays for an hour , and then goes to the chapel - like area down the hall and prays .
on the inside of the arena was a man being escorted to the center of the dirt area by two strong - looking men with military bearing .
giddeon and i walked into the carpeted area , and even though it was already quiet in that area , a hush seemed to descend around us .
giddeon and i walked into the carpeted area , and even though it was already quiet in that area , a hush seemed to descend around us .
there was another set of double doors separating that area from the church interior , but , thankfully , those were set on hinges and swung loose like a full length saloon entryway .
soon the whole cell area was roaring with sound and five men were shaking their cell bars and screaming .
how did david know all this , well anybody wishing to have employment within the bounds of el campo has to , among other things , give finger and palm prints for security checks , and to give them access to various fingerprint controlled access areas , if they thought it was an invasion of their privacy then they could always look elsewhere for employment .
apparently soon after we had left , jeremy had had the sense to cancel the function , blaming it on the rain , as reports came flooding in to him from all departments involved in the banquet ( except the car park the phone was flooded ) that everything was going tits up , the caterers did nt have enough food , the wine was off , the ice had melted , the silver service was plastic , the orchestra was a part time mariachi band ( and all three of them were blind drunk ) , the non - non - slip floor was not only causing chaos but also broken bones , and guests were wandering around the secure areas unabated .
parking the car at rception they entered the hotel , although it had obviously been a very fine chteaux in its previous life , and started to walk across the vast reception area towards the desk , where a very nice gentleman was waiting for them .
shaun then went around the rather grand reception area gathering up a small pile of glossy brochures and magazines , and reluctantly a rather crumpled business newspaper , and handed them to david and said there s a rather nice article about us on page two .
surrounding the pipe were four pads , each sending up a very intense scan of one particular area in the room above , roughly half a meter square , and raoul had just stepped out of it , but hopefully he would soon be back in front of sue .
the walls of this area were vertical and soared straight up , almost seeming to bend inwards the further they climbed .
the poste restante window was separate from the main area and we jumped into the queue behind several backpackers , complete with packs and faded t - shirts .
we followed albert through to a large living area that seemed to extend the whole depth of the house .
j was partially right : it led to a maintenance area , which was next to the stairwell .
it led to an open area with some adjoining rooms .
he needed to get to the floor area , yet could n't risk leaving the princess .
i looked around the area .
i was in an area about the size of a large bedroom .
they reached the main gate , as with most castles there was a lever to close the gate both above and below it and this area was well lit by torches .
i glanced around the area .
i climbed upwards to what appeared to be a completely dark area at the top .
i left the bar area and pushed my way through the crowd .
soon , the three of us were walking down a hallway that led away from the reception area .
chapter 9- dweeps are nt our friends bryony kept her head down as jane steered the car into the teachers parking area .
the tower roof was a flat octagonal area , about twenty feet across , walled with castle - like battlements .
the pretty receptionist told bill to take a seat in the reception area and wait until he was called .
a kitchen slash eating area , and three bedrooms .
he brought himself into a controlled descent , towards the area of the upended cage .
he then threw them high into the air towards the area where andrew was standing .
ko took me to the back of her hut , and i saw the tracks surrounding the area and confirmed that it was a chisana goblin .
i hurried over to the clothing area and picked up an emerald colored one .
this area of the gray catacombs was somewhat circular with a spiraling staircase made of stone in its center that seemed to ascend into eternity .
the dragon - soldier drew his sword , but he saw no way to reach his queen for the area between the broken bridge and the center platform was great .
woodpecker reached the area where huge marble slabs were stored .
but surprisingly it had come , and the mechanical workshop , located in a low area , became a swimming pool , with welding units sticking out of the water like the starting blocks in a swimming pool , the kind humans have for sporting entertainment .
nate wondered , looking around the lightless area .
he could see areas along the edge of the cleared area where jakes workmen had stockpiled large timbers and pilings , in preparation for the construction of the piers .
the letter codes start a at near the top of the grid at the bow area and end up z near the bottom of the grid at the stern area .
the letter codes start a at near the top of the grid at the bow area and end up z near the bottom of the grid at the stern area .
go ten feet to the right of that and that is test pit c. you can see how the letters run down the wreck , for example , the crew area begins near test pits d to f , the cargo area runs g to i and down the ship to s to v. the whole center of the ship , said the pastor .
go ten feet to the right of that and that is test pit c. you can see how the letters run down the wreck , for example , the crew area begins near test pits d to f , the cargo area runs g to i and down the ship to s to v. the whole center of the ship , said the pastor .
well start by working back from the discovery area in the bow .
i dug first at pit a , the location of the port bow area .
its not anywhere but in the ship area .
soldado reached a far point in the site area , turned and raised his hands again to the sky , the rods pointed directly over his head .
q , that s in front of the mizzenmast , the big cargo area .
the window looked out over the back of the cannery area , into some brush and then the river , maybe twenty yards to the bank of the nanticoke .
this was disappointing to frank because that was the stern section , the captains area which he had expected to be rich in artifacts .
as for himself , he still expected the cargo area q in the center of the wreck to produce something more .
from the gate area , the terment company guard , sweating in his green coat , was trying to wave cars away .
however , he could not disguise the large cannon which was still off to the side of the excavated area .
they cleared a path as the limousine pulled into the party area .
the pastor had been assigned to a double room but the pastors church elders had quickly made the room into a private area for their minister .
the enemy was everywhere , in the outer buildings , in the courtyard areas , in the other rooms of the building .
frank and maggie turned toward the dig area , the flames behind them casting their shadows far ahead , the shadows dancing with the flames , the smell in the air sharp with smoke .
his eyes moved to the center of the area where the white datum stake had been .
frank walked to the stern area and stopped at a board protruding vertically from the earth .
he started with the q dig area .
in front of them there was great activity in the dig area .
the area where the captains cabin should have been , the woman replied .
behind enrique came the rest of the six man breeching team , as they rushed into the room , hector went to the interior doorway of the room they had just entered and tossed a flash bang grenade down the hallway , which exploded five seconds later , jose and pedro , the two newest members of the fire team then moved into the hallway , working their way towards the central area of the warehouse building .
in that open area , of about three thousand square feet , there were a dozen of pallets full of marijuana packaged for shipment .
i decided to spend the rest of the day there at the la quinta , there was enough material to keep me busy for hours and there was a nice workout area right off the main lobby , if i spent the day there , there would be no need to get a rental car at least until tomorrow .
with tired eyes and slow steps , andrew made his way over to the tack area and gathered the horses well - worn attire .
this ought to be fun , andrew thought , pulling mr . millers old gray toward the open area where the tack line would be .
rick almost stumbled into bob who had stopped after entering the reception area to take off his sunglasses .
` ` those are the bar areas ? ''
the woman was the only person in the area of the tiny reception area .
rick watched for her and saw tomi when she came out of the short hallway behind the reception area carrying a cup of coffee and a small dish .
tomi was just coming from the kitchen when rick crossed the small reception area from the front door .
there was a young girl in the reception area when rick went to pay for his lunch .
she had left the bathroom door open and rick walked into the bath area where kim stood with a washcloth and small bucket in her hands .
the main room from the small tiled area in front of the entry door to the slider and back to the kitchen was covered with tatami mats .
he asked her before he went into the kitchen area .
thinking that there could n't be too much involved if they merely sat in a restaurant , in an open area , and enjoyed a meal and conversation she decided to take a chance .
the lis , the central area of the rth , comprised a wide circle that held two round houses , a small stockade for holding the cattle at night and a large fire pit over which a metal cauldron had been suspended .
bodhmhall stood and stared in silence as a gentle snore rustled through the confines of her living area .
to the left of the fire was a work area that looked to be the kitchen and at the rear of the hall there was a partitioned area .
to the left of the fire was a work area that looked to be the kitchen and at the rear of the hall there was a partitioned area .
astrid had walked over to the kitchen area and was busying herself with something .
astrid then strode over to the kitchen area picked up an iron pot and a wooden stirrer and banged them together loudly , knowing that this would be more effective at getting everyones attention then shouting herself hoarse .
this is a staging area that allows us access to the lands ; like a hallway with many doors in it leading to other universes . ''
the doctor joked at the thrashing , sniveling and enraged zombie that was tied to a hospital bed in the next area .
it was enclosed in a separate area of the tent .
those nurses were in the entrance area again .
an entrance area with two long couches sat face to face was first .
why do nt the two of you stay here for just a minute while i check out the forward area ?
he wiped his eyes and left the gathering area and strolled toward the river .
he pointed to the area where several sprites were braiding twine .
we parked the bikes into a neat corner and trooped to the reception area to ask for a place to stay .
* * * jack went inside and found the mens changing area .
jill eventually came out of the ladies changing area .
wait , what do you mean before anything else could be said , there was a loud bang in the dining area of the restaurant as the front door was aggressively kicked in .
however , the area where a door would belong contained a swirling vortex of brilliant colors .
the second she opened her mouth , the entire area was flooded with the sound of applause and cheering .
he placed her on her feet , in the same area of the room she had stood the previous day .
by passing through it , you will be led to the same area of the in between in which the fragment was , apparently , delivered by a blondhaired young man .
laverick dug through various cabinets and drawers in the bases kitchen area .
the area contained a large colorless table with several chairs .
a group of twentyfive men in red cloaks emerged into view as he approached the area .
from the area at the top of the stairs , the four cobras and the remainder of the group watched in suspense .
the kitchen and dining area were a complete mess .
its a large area that occupies the better part of half the entire deck , '' she said pointing aft .
it was a normal living area in warsaw .
~ julia may walked to her car in the parking area under the publix supermarket .
as people wandered in and gawked at the foyer area , she handed them candles lit from her own .
i stood in the bedroom / living area of my weekly rental place .
the kitchen made the living area look pristine ; dishes cascaded out of the sink , plastic bags laid on the floor , ripped open with garbage spilling out the holes and a table with no surface without something piled on it .
the family wandered out to the cavern area , where small shops sold snacks and souvenirs .
the three of them zigzagged through the crowd to the concession area where the rest of the family waited .
he laid the boy down on the floor of the cooking area .
it led to the main area of the shop .
but as gerry made the transition from locker area into the hallway leading to the coachs offices , he noticed that blankenship almost went out of his way not to look at him .
gerry anxiously takes a quick peak at the area of first base .
he and gerry initially seat themselves at a table near the pool playing area , where dwaynes rugged crew , consisting flyin brian , tommy , kenny , and oscar are playing on the adjacent table .
before heading back to the truck they go for a stroll around a sequestered area of the great , lit parking lot to take in what is left of a joint along with a diversionary football - tossing session .
gerry clears the parking space area to see a paunchy man of average height amble his way over , carrying a baseball bat on his shoulder .
he decides to tuck the black bat under the heavy rubber mat near the wheel well area .
there is a sense of hopelessness , a miasma of despair that emanates itself through the doorway 10 feet ahead that divides the two areas of the business here .
kalani waited for her to come and they made their way to the training area , the pair following the path that wound through the dunes ensuring its concealment .
the steps opened up to a well lit living area with rooms going off on each side .
stanton looked up , he stood grabbing his clothes from a chair beside the bed , he walked towards the kitchen area followed by hurst .
the media and officials buzzing around the decoy float nestled among others in the parking area safely inside the royal ascot complex were becoming agitated .
as lindy mounted for the race , two strapper 's led flaxmead to the course access lane , jessica flametower and kalika palmer , roger palmer spoke with the most elite making a point of passing him in the member 's area .
the entire area had vacated to watch flaxmead run and he raced back to the float in aticipation , he was alone .
these three buildings were arranged , semicircular , around the training area so that quick mantling of the forces was very organized .
as we came up the road and turned a corner we could see that , at a distance , there were zombies wandering around the lock area , scavenging through the bush for small animals .
doc scanned for zombies in our back area , pulling security .
the explosions leveled the entire center of town , including the lock area where we had been standing less than twenty minutes before .
the guard was pulling out of the nyc area , and things were pretty much falling apart all over .
i managed my way through the tightly packed dance area , saving my school woes for monday .
she smiled like a winner and yanked the water cup from my hand as she moved slowly in her heels toward the supplies area .
i opened the frosted glass door with our trademark etched in the center , and breezed past the coat check area .
a rumble of low laughter came from the bar area , which was strange , since service had slowed , and i had cut the bartender for the night .
the voices above had moved away from their area and she hoped they were going away .
as he panned downward , the screen on the bridge flickered and what had been a darkened area near the first row of cargo containers suddenly showed two bright human - like shapes moving toward the forward end of the science lab .
butler responded by concentrating fresh fire on the crane area .
as they scrounged for better weapons , both men closed in on the kitchens ultimate armory , the stove area , where several large pots and frying pans hung from an overhead rack .
was chriss answer that came from the kitchen area .
she is pushing a rolling bed through the crowded waiting area towards momma .
cass darts towards the bright opening shining through this darkened waiting area .
she points to an area halfway down the hall .
as he moves towards the waiting area , he sees the lady with the funny white cap disappear back into the chaos and the frenzy near the emergency room entrance way .
these sudden words pour out the kitchen area as the boy finishes filling the pot with water .
unks walks towards the dining area as he announces , we have three more guess for supper .
stymie hears frenchy 's warning as he makes his way inside the dining area , while carrying and stirring his large pot .
she comments as he rummages through his footlocker , is this the area you sleep in ?
they spend several hours slowly twirling in the vacant area between the tables .
i watch her family and friends leave the area when the ceremony is over .
anton got us a nice young kudu bull - maybe fix can lay on some light to the braai area while he 's at it .
on reaching the entrance to the park mabo ordered two of his soldiers to check out the reception area , admin offices and the office of the game ranger .
by now they were overflying the gate and reception area .
dolla was happy to learn about the linen room next to the laundry area at the back of the mansion , and headed straight for it .
when he judged himself to be opposite the admin building he veered to his right , inching slowly towards the parking area .
the entry to the reception area was on the side of the building , partially obscured by some aloes , and he made it through the unlocked door without a hitch .
i need you to draw me a floor plan of the house as well as a plan of the surrounding area .
a place for children to play and chase the water as it sprayed a dance of arches about the fountain and town square areas .
the entire area was bustling with people and machinery that was nt familiar to him .
damian was looking at a long folded - out work table that jenson had hastily erected in the living area .
as a single area carved out of rock , it towered at least a kilometer above its residents and was more than ten times that in width .
he had made it back out to the living area when he heard a sharp intake of breath .
the sa bots rushed into the living area , and before damian knew what he was doing he had pinned vira to the wall with his back , shielding her body with his .
what the club does is that they jumped around the urban forest , through the buildings and construction areas , jumping around with excitement and with their boiling blood .
she sensed it was the mooring area and she was in the vessel .
moloch motioned for his men to follow him to a secluded area where they could listen , unnoticed by the crowd or the speaker , as the rant continued .
she crossed into the other train car and found it was a lower class area .
patricia led me to their dining area and served me two slices of the brown rice cake that looked a little too oily for my taste .
samuel continued walking and guiding me towards the center of the market - like area .
but josh took a pack , opened it and started munching on crunchy dried bananas while returning to his spot in the dining area , writing a new book about aswangs in the philippines .
the living room began to take agreeable shape with the sofa and chairs set around the coffee table but the dining room set was almost too much for the dining area .
opening the door with her key , she led julia into a brightly lit hallway and steered her toward a central administrative area bordered by desks and office machines .
as the office filled with his co - workers and they stopped at his door one by one to wave their hellos , there was a new face in the mix that waited in the reception area .
once there , she could see a well - lit corrugated iron cylinder twisting back through the collapsed area .
it was time for her line to move to the off stage assembly area .
` ` when you leave the stage , please go into the backstage area . ''
` ` i tried to keep him in the reception area and stop him from smoking , '' their red - faced receptionist apologized .
it was a four berth but i ' ve added an extra bunk above the driving area . ''
she took a few steps forward , noticed the area widen slightly and the roof disappear into darkness .
` ` we ' ve got the new ford fairmont wagon you ordered out in the parking area and the guy from the dealer , is around somewhere for you to sign along the dotted line .
flower gardens circled between the drive and bush area while , to the right , farm buildings could be seen behind a white painted fence .
beyond this was the kitchen and open spaced living area together with another surprise .
` ` my own little area , '' he muttered .
` ` this area 's nearly totaled , but the rest of the structure 's intact . ''
without a word , she led him down a dirty corridor toward the kitchen area .
that business settled , j played tour guide , explaining how backstage was divided into four sections : the good guy ( face ) locker room , the bad guy ( heel ) locker room , a break room with vending machines , and a common area from which they could watch the broadcast .
josie greeted j as he returned to the viewing area .
jo , in her fly - on - the - wall fashion , nosed about the first aid area ; then raced back to where the j 'd warrior was pacing back and forth , preparing to go to ring .
on the first sunday after easter , following his loss to the great malaki for the stw championship title , the defendant was seen entering the dressing room where ray akihisa had gone to remove his kabuki - style makeup only to emerge moments later and make his way to the break area where he was spotted by gordon paul .
` ` however , this area of the coliseum had been damaged by an explosion the previous friday and the nail gave way .
the check up area was deserted ; the blood was splattered on the window .
when stein arrived at the dining area , there were popping sound inside the huge metal pot .
now they have killed rickys guards , blocked the entrance of their lodging area , and released the creatures inside the village , which ran and attacked the villagers .
he ordered soldiers to build a separate lodging area for them , which they did it with much grumbling and rage .
when the guards took them to the lodging area and left them there , they fell asleep without much of a thought .
you see , we have many enemies my men will escort you back to the lodging area , said ricky and pushed the button on the table .
nina felt weird when the guard walked her back to the lodging area .
no , go back to your mooring area , said sharine .
presentations on the field switched to the area behind home plate .
instead of sitting on the couch , they walked around the guest areas of the house , looking at photos on the walls , hearing stories from simis mother .
a drag queen called , rounding the checkout area .
* * * cars lined up on several streets working their way into the fairgrounds area .
* * * park in there , kim said to the next car in line , keep your keys , and if you re camping , you can pitch your tent over in that area there .
* * * gary supervised the fireworks firing area .
* * * mason strode through the carnival area making last minute preparations .
he stepped away from the table to greet regina and paula who walked toward him from the fairgrounds parking area .
mason held reginas hips to his own , so she had to follow , and he began moving her around the area .
keeping an eye out for the bus , dave said , i hear they have a new laser tag area at the arcade .
he did a visual search of the area where his backpack had been , but failed to find it .
a woman was in the kitchen area , working on dinner .
as they made their way through the rubble , light filtered through the broken and cracked areas above creating an eerie atmosphere .
once he was dressed , he walked out into the front area .
looking around he noticed several tables in the common area .
at the rear was an area for storing the tack and saddle .
he removed the key from his pocket and locked the door , then placed the key in an inner pocket before going down to the well - lit , crowded dining area .
there was also an open area where unused sheets of paper were stored .
as they made their way through the crowded and noisy streets , james observed that the majority of the buildings in the outer ring were businesses with attached living areas .
your young friend there would then need to run it to the gate leading into the castle area .
turning , he followed the page as he was led into the castle area .
before he took two steps , ellinwyrd stopped him by saying , just a moment , you require an escort to pass through the castle area .
when he arrived at the gates , berin took his leave , good evening to you , sir , and then returned to the castle area .
a friendly greeting , with a neat and clean common area .
a man in uniform with a commanding presence walked toward them from the soldiers area .
ritchie said , follow me , and then led them to their room on the ground floor , just down the hall off the main dining area .
they found a table in the dining area and were soon enjoying a hearty breakfast of ham steak and potatoes .
when he did nt see the owner in the common area he hollered out , porlen !
he then led james to the main library area .
smoke still rose from the charred remains of several buildings and about a third of the wharf area .
they were told that area was for unloading supplies and men .
at the stairs , he had to step carefully so as not to dislodge any of the rocks and stones , the entire area seemed very unstable .
they raced through the tent area and reached the far side of the camp .
just as it had between the first and second floor , the stair entered a narrow area when it passed from the second floor to the third .
when riyan entered the narrow area between floors , his ring once more began to vibrate .
before they reached the narrow area between floors , they saw light coming from above .
removing his sword from its scabbard , he resumed moving into the narrow area between the third and fourth floor .
when he came to the end of the narrow area , he slowed down and continued until he was just able to gaze into the fourth floor .
it was a small house with only three rooms ; one for his mother , one for himself , and the outer living area .
when they drew close , bart had chad stay back as he went to the window and looked in to the dining area of the sterling sheep .
fortunately the music within the dining area of the inn was loud enough to drown out his cries .
the first doorway he came to led into the kitchen area and he paused there a moment .
their camp was nt situated near the opening to the underground area .
when they were finished with breakfast , they carried all their equipment with them to the underground area .
the table was out of the direct view of the door , but they could see the area of the store where the lady was looking through the fabric .
roots , leaves , branches ; all things botanical were grouped together in an area that took up almost a third of the store .
one area had bones of varying sizes from what had to have been all sorts of creatures .
a soldier stood just outside the portcullis area and watched them as they approached .
there were even a couple bushes growing in areas illuminated by the sunlight that streamed in from the adjoining rooms .
he and the others reached the far end of the hall just as a large explosion rocked the area near the entrance .
so they took the horses outside and found where a fallen wall had created an area that held water .
kevik glanced to the chest and said , we are in a hidden area .
he nodded over to the two areas of the floor on the far side of the pit , situated to either side of the chest .
in a couple areas there were steady trickles of water coming from the dark heights of the room .
what if this area had been treated like this in order to convince a thief not to try the door ?
when they reached the top of the stairs , the light from the sphere revealed that the water flooding the lower area came to within ten feet of the top of the stairs .
a few minutes later , an area came into view that looked like it would do .
the foyer was a large area where members could come and take their ease .
there were three areas within the estate that he had yet been able to gain access , two in the manor house and one in the tower located nearby .
behind the estate was a small stable area , barely large enough to accommodate ten horses .
every time riyan came here he could nt help but look to where the stairs continued on up and entered a shimmering , hazy area where it passed from the third floor to the fourth .
rooms had been added , a courtyard built , and areas sprouted that were separated for the main classes of the day ; fighters , thieves , and magic users .
it turned out to be a rather large tavern with two floors of rooms above the drinking area .
to either side of the columns , jagged remains of what may have once been walls gave the enclosed area a boxed - in feeling .
then with a last , longing look at the doorway , he rejoined his friend and they completed their sweep of the area .
we will explore the upper areas first .
should nt we explore the lower areas first ?
before sythal was buried he pointed toward the edifice rising before them , this was the area furthest from the entrance .
they checked two more and found similar areas , each holding nothing of interest .
his friend quickly vanished from sight as the darkness rose to engulf him , forming a shimmering dome that completely enshrouded the area above the dais .
by the sound of the echo , he was in a large , enclosed area .
the floor was uneven as a caverns should be , though there was a narrow area moving away from the dais that looked slightly worn down , quite possibly due to the passage of many feet .
its working , charka observed as his last springer was swallowed by the dark field until a shimmering dome covered the area above the dais .
he remembered how the bard had described the way a thief had stepped on single blocks of stone in an attempt to make his way through a trapped area .
but it is possible he could have found the way to access the hidden areas .
i think that jaikus tripped the trap when he pressed the stones to access this secret area .
simultaneously , a liquid spray exploded outward from the chests front to coat a sizeable area of the floor .
back at the other end , charka had seward follow , with reneeke waiting until seward traversed the pedestaled area and joined jaikus , before following .
charka was the last to pass through the pedestaled area .
coming to her feet , lady kate moved as close to the four columns as she could without entering the area between .
glancing over to the two springers , she saw that reneeke had entered the column area and stood very close to the side of the statue as he gazed up toward the golden mans left armpit .
after that , he made a beeline for the darkened area that earlier he had figured to be a way down .
its upper reaches could nt be seen as an earthen dome had formed over the backs of the statues , leaving an opened area beneath .
not really thinking about what his friend was saying , jaikus instead had visions of hidden areas secreted in the buildings basement .
in the area behind the man stood shelves and hooks bearing all manner of items from simple cloaks to saddles , and before they passed from the foyer into the main meeting hall of the guild , jaikus thought he had observed three heads of a less than human nature .
do not fear , i will create a protective area that will hide your souls scent .
storm - shadow led his partner over to an empty table , but along the way ethan went to a wash area where some supernatural children who were being punished for some broken rule were cleaning dishes .
soon ethan found himself gawking at a training area he had nt seen yesterday .
twelve minutes before the castle resonated the sound for dinner , ethan entered the main hall through the ogre area since it was the shortest path from celestias .
they left the human area and headed for the elevators .
her expensive lingerie unfortunately ended up as a casualty of lovemaking war when it was all torn off somehow , even her shoes were charred remains when they were in an unprotected area where runes did nt guard .
it was overlooked by everyone with your permission ill begin to make a list of the buildings which will least likely house the fox and look for areas that not even a demon can use .
then let us leave the area for privacy .
it sent her nerves afire as he threw the towel that covered him to the safety area and burst into flames as his desire for her always did when he got excited .
they did so and she clapped to instantly send them to the washing area .
he walked around and found a simple door made completely of pure silver and the walls , like most on these upper areas , were made from white marble .
one area had over four hundred feet of cabinets filled with potions , some in bulk and others in concentrated vials .
another area had a glowing blue dome that crackled with the sound of electricity and was two hundred feet wide as it is tall .
one large area held racks and shelves of mystical items of unknown purpose .
she walked into the living area wearing only his uniform shirt and saw him hunched over the kitchen table with papers spread over the top .
down the hallway and past the elevators was a canteen area and a janitorial closet .
the rear area was apparently designated as a smoking area for the office workers .
the rear area was apparently designated as a smoking area for the office workers .
a dozen large mississippi oaks heavy with spanish moss shaded the entire area ; dropping the temperature twenty degrees from the open yard a hundred feet away .
taylor had circulated within the reception area after the play , but kelly had been inundated with well wishers and excited audience members , shed not been able to speak with taylor , but shed caught him staring at her twice from across the room .
kelly navigated the short narrow drive , before it opened up into a circular area in front of her house that she used to turn and park her truck .
raj led the way as they both entered the hotel stepping into the reception area .
fresh cut lilies were displayed in a large clear vase supported by an ornately carved dark wooden table placed in the center of a large receiving area .
dan was standing nervously behind him with two large bags at his feet ; raj surveyed the deserted reception area , you re mr . barnes , got it ?
ray made his way over and asked dan , do you remember how to get to the lunch area ?
the large area downstairs was getting dark as the sun began dropping below the horizon on another miserable cambodian day .
we finally stopped at my dads working area , where the intricately carved headboard of a four poster bed lay half finished on top of his bench .
rick had either not been sitting in the lounge before he came out or had taken the time to make sure the seating area looked perfect before i got there .
all of a sudden , from out of nowhere , rocky stepped out of the dark area surrounding the cage where the light did nt hit it , jumped down from the top of charlies cage , and landed with a thud on top of the cell - keeper and two armored monsters , body- slamming them all to the ground .
the rest of the area above is dull , and creepy .
she tagged along behind to the area where the tom had landed .
samantha removed the lid , here , kid , jennifer bought this wig and fake mustache to match the drivers license in the drivers door storage area , but those wo nt cover the mashed - in nose and the scar on your left cheek .
* * * he took a seat in an empty waiting area .
before he could turn back to matthew , a bright light lit the area from above and the book fell back into the boat .
greywolf walked scooter toward a control station in the operations area , his arm around him .
the old whitbread brewery , now a multinational hotel had been there for hundreds of years , several renovations had sealed lower areas of the london icons ancient apparition , but some were aware of how to access these caverns , last used in the second world war .
by changing the atoms within the molecules around the bearing areas made of titanium and ceramics , with high - powered lasers , they made the breakthrough .
he drove to an open square in the heart of the city and pulled the bus over near a large area of the square .
he watched as the giant floating piece of iron slowly approached the dock area .
hector ordered as he strolled through the kitchen , inspecting each area .
never talk to the passengers in the dining area .
we have our own tables in the kitchen area .
not even with the radio we have in the crew area .
they decided to go inside the main gathering area of i deck .
get your section done early tonight and meet us in the crew area .
remember , after work , in the crew area .
my friends all appreciate how hard you work in the dining area .
the cleanup of the evening meal was winding down and some of the crew slowly started making their way to the crew area break room .
there was a small gate to walk through to get into the small garden area .
the doors were shut tight , and the retainers around the area gave him warning glances .
udgd sighs , walks up , and says , told ya ' , right before he lets his foot down into his foe 's face with so much force that it propels the spider lord 's blood and organs soaring all around the area , accommodated with a loud , deep crunching sound .
the end of the passageway led into a wide open area , much larger than the castle appeared from the outside .
he parked his bicycle in the waiting area of parents and guardians .
yes , that s it , errol replied and left the dining area .
sunday nodded and curiously watched errol talking to a screen as she followed bing to the dining area .
he found sunday calling him from the dining area .
he joined sunday in the dining area and slumped on his seat .
he would just sleep in the waiting area while waiting for the girls favorite relaxation .
woot , hucks , ana , and fern whisper and cuddle in two couples inside the reception area , after woot and ana quickie marriage inside the banquet room by the local priest .
shanna glared at the area of the bathroom door from which chase had just emerged and was now talking to a couple of his friends .
the lab itself was separate and concealed from the turtle area so that visiting dignitaries did not become too nosy .
the place had three bars separated from the dining area and it was worse than the new york city subway in rush hour .
chase introduced himself and kenny then led his visitors upstairs and into an office area that was best described as total chaos .
although there were a few people in the rest area , chase was loath to stop there long .
in the middle of the area was a tattoo parlor and next to it a young girl was displaying her body on one of those space machines that revolved around with you in the middle .
only one small area was hung with a pall of smoke .
they trod cautiously around still steaming areas to protect their moccasined feet and warily began a circle around the outer perimeter .
willie scouted around outside the storm area .
easier said than done , brian thought wryly as he studied the rough sketch he had made of the laboratory and surrounding area .
the sketch was rough since brian had been in street clothes and without equipment but as far as he could tell , there was no weak area in the fencing and there were windows in the back of the office , leaving no blind spot .
sixty - two annie opened the door and shone her flashlight directly on the area where she knew the bed was , fully intending to blind the occupant into freezing like a rabbit caught in headlights .
there , a rectangular area cut out of the flooring .
she lay watching us , an expression of such sadness in her golden eyes that i grew concerned , so i left the play area and ambled over to sit next to her under the shade of a big tree .
a few people were around , in the waiting area , and they all turned their gaze on him .
three armchairs were placed facing the glass coffee table in the central area .
as i sat down in the waiting area i noticed a magazine sitting on the coffee table .
i saw that the large room consisted of three major sections of stuff for sale , separated only by a big stone fireplace and sitting area in the middle on the right side .
as i walked further in i saw that the area nearest to the front doors held tourist merchandise like stacks of park tourist books and dvds , picturesque mugs , candles and other knickknacks for sale .
at the back of the building was a little grocery and camp supplies area and a snack bar kitchen with a few tables and chairs in which people to relax and eat as they stared out the huge windows that lined the log walls on either side of the store .
i found my way into the back of the store and walked into the grocery and snack shop area as katie popped her head through a steel swinging door in the back .
wait , i said , looking around the parking area , how are you getting back home ?
but as cool as i tried to be about her , to let things just go and happen on their own , if at all , the rest of the week as i worked the store , sometimes in the front area cash register and sometimes in the back by the kitchen , i would find myself glancing at the outside doors every time someone walked in .
larry , however , would rush back to the snack area and openly scold her for being behind , in front of the customers , rudely , and yell at her to get things moving or he d damn well cook everything himself !
larry or ronnie were nt within earshot , and there were only a couple of campers milling around in the snack bar area , so nobody heard .
inside the doorway to the candi store there was a hallway that turned to the right and opened up to a bar area .
music was blaring from the speakers in that dance area .
there was a small group present already , a few families with kids struggling out of their parents grasps to run around in the camp area , and parents trying to hold everything together for an awkward young preacher who was standing near the center , about to start .
i told him as much as we settled into a table in the snack bar area of the store .
we talked for about an hour there in the snack area , and i made them some sandwiches for their lunch at camp .
after a little while , scott and brooke came in and sat at one of the tables for customers in the snack shop area .
my shift on friday had me at the cash register in the gift area , and larry , unfortunately , was back , and it made for an awkward few hours with his embarrassment over being drunk in front of me evident enough on his face .
in any event , i certainly was feeling nervous as we drove closer to the gather area , and i was glad , no matter the reasons , that he had in fact decided to come with me , to face whatever it was i was heading towards .
i walked past jakes area and he was still there , sitting stock still and watching me .
i followed him over to the area of the powwow that clayton had walked towards .
instinctively he sought out the area reserved for mothers and found dawn and the children .
the building grew taller after several more blocks as they neared the citys administrative area .
arc lector morlin came out from behind a small screened area .
the arc lector and i are working hand in hand to clean up such areas like the gambling den .
the ships , by god so many that , that massive pier area they got , stretched back so far .
you three search that area , one of the guards ordered a trio of soldiers from his battalion and dispatched them into my direction .
his shouting concluded , he speaks in a barely audible tone as the pair of guards reach the center of the crowd to escort him out of the area .
we waited in johannesburg for over an hour in the transit area .
we strolled through the cordoned - off area and had some sausage rolls before being ushered to our seats inside the theatre .
drive around the tuli area by myself , looking for her with no police backup , no plan ?
vlodlav pulled her up the stairs and casually hummed a tune as they made their way up the wooden steps and across the main living area of the villa .
it was extraordinarily narrow , with incredibly high ceilings and tall austere looking windows running along either side of the area , with a lone door at the very end .
ignoring the signs we entered the garden area which was very difficult as the tenant had collected a mass of what appeared to be stuff he had collected from the dump .
she had no option other than to slide dangerously to a stop on a gravel turnout area .
bart walked to the opposite end of the building and the area outside gabes office .
he walked straight to his work area , picked up his new cashmere sports jacket and headed for the side exit .
joan motioned for him to follow her to the entrance to the vip lounge which turned out to be a private bar and garish , velvet upholstered seating area .
sallys soft voice drifted from a formal dining area perched above the living room on an elevated podium .
were supposed to be accommodated in one of the clinics best and most private areas .
unable to bring her heavy cannon to bear , the vramileen ship was clearly outmatched as the agile apocalypse repeatedly darted around the damaged vessel , firing relentlessly at her vulnerable bridge area .
after all , there were living quarters for eight people , the main bridge , the engineering section , the fighter bay , and a central chamber that alternated between serving as a briefing room , a recreation area , and a dining room .
as the admirals eyes adjusted , he could see that the entire room was ringed with massive mainframe supercomputers , and that a single metallic chair sat before the main display area along the far wall .
translucent chairs , seemingly untethered , floated throughout the area , and holographic displays around the perimeter of the room projected indecipherable , swirling patterns into the air .
a few moments later , the green dot that was the apocalypse reemerged on the other side of the shaded area , its quantum refractor now disengaged .
the child sprinted to retrieve the ball , running toward the shaded area near the tall oak trees .
he crossed a private reception area to a large corner office where he dialed a familiar number .
five minutes later a young woman emerged through a pair of large wooden doors and ushered tj and monique into a large office area .
dave sprinted up the bandstand , knocking music stands , saxophonists , and trombones aside before jumping into the backstage area .
from up above , synthetic sunlight bathed the whole area creating a living , functioning environment .
the bucket claws were in constant motion , removing fallen stones and dirt from the work area , allowing a clear pathway .
bauman went to the lounge area and sat in a chair , observing the two jets struggle in the air .
the two men climbed the concrete steps up to the large porch area .
colors and fabrics picked up colors in from the large painting across from the reception area .
she entered the door again and led them down a short hallway into a living room area roughly sixteen feet by twelve feet .
it seemed to fade out of one shadowy area and into another , avoiding the light at all cost .
inside this area was the southern united foundries .
she s working over at the concession area .
it was the private southern united viewing area and had enough room for ten people .
i did nt think i saw him in his office area .
it was especially beautiful during sunset from the main lounge area .
the raised area curved gently in a serpentine meant to look like a wave and it helped to define one edge of the dance floor .
the mural behind the band area showed more palm trees and distant waves .
well sir , i was thinking about storage areas for jaegers where they would nt be found , at least not easily .
he smiled ; maybe he should have a crew investigate the tunnels under the kings row area .
this area of the foundry would be converted to manufacturing parts for their canadian counter part .
he entered the main assembly area and unlocked the door to the office and hung his keys up .
robert walked down a long hallway , lined with crates , and turned into the reception area .
it was really nothing more than corrugated tin walls defining an eight by ten area with one desk and four chairs that the front doors opened into .
he entered the southern united building and headed down to the planning area .
in secret storage areas under buildings men rushed through a sea of brass and turned activation keys , then pulled the key out to let it drop to the floor .
when the lower area was filled , the massive metal scoop would come down , and press them all together , breaking the brittle bones down into dust .
shed been playing with her brother richard , who had a frozen ice cream pop and eliza was chasing after him around the pool area .
she began to trot away toward the guidance counselor area where she was always safe .
what officer & im not doin nothin & this aint even my car ,   said the pitifully dressed man down on his luck &  we figured that ,   said the first officer as he surveyed the area and the car itself checking for bombs or anything a miss .
she had even used cement glue to paste up randy in all areas and angles of the bedroom with the orange wall to wall shag carpet and white walls , with the halloween - ish looking upper molding of orange , white and black lines & it was a sight , but interesting and different .
no , they wont allow it to park in front so were meeting the bus behind the east tower by the big service area to the back near the delegates lobby !
mrs . hamilton turned away and spotted two first graders trying to sneak into the larger area of the school below the recess terrace .
she ran down the hall and disappeared around the corner and the area going dark and quiet again .
first , as they were led through the cellar area of the school through a small passageway between the schools , eliza caught the scent of cockroach poison , boiler room oil , and old wooden desks ; the oily scents of rusty steel with the slight hint of musty old textbooks .
the 12 - story glassed in area shelters a terraced garden with full - grown trees and a pool .
dag hammarskjold plaza park east 47th street between first and second avenue this block - long public space leading to the united nations traditionally served as a staging area for demonstrations .
six fountains enclosed by iron - latticed pergolas grace the garden area , which is bounded by granite seating walls .
ricard , stunned , turned in to see a lowly janitor humming to himself while he swept the staging area , not even aware that he had knocked into the esteemed general .
falcon and his band gave the boys a quick , wordless salute and made their way towards the head table on the other side of the staging area .
first thing i thought of , as i was telling gisbo earlier , was that there was no way we were going to get past an area filled with people who knew elekai .
gisbo said as they sprinted into the depths of the cave , following the voice until they arrived in a large , open area that appeared to be a dead end .
at first gisbo did nt recognize the surroundings because all the shacks were taken down and replaced with a giant staging area , with tables scattered everywhere and fresh smells of meat barbequing wafting through the air .
gisbo mingled with his renega friends and introduced jackobi to each and every one of them before they all made their way up to the staging area with their class masters .
jim walked out back of the starbucks area to find an old dilapidated motorcycle sitting out back just waiting for him to get on to it .
jim drank some more as ferguson danced out into the dance area and made several dozen moronic movements , complicated by the fact that he was old and very much out of shape .
he just hoped that he would go ahead and die soon so the pain would stop chapter xiv paging jim stalin jim stalin and jack wack sat in the dining area of the hotel that the government had paid for .
they walked into the reopened area and found out why everyone was retching .
jin made his way to the base of the stairs and looked up to see a viewing area behind glass above him .
he looked around to see he was in the medical room in an area that was surrounded by a curtain .
the class was in an outdoor area .
as he made his way to the kitchen area , he saw lizs mom sitting at the table .
running down the smoky hallway , i open the door and enter a reception area .
i walk past the pool and through the lounge area to the front desk .
the pool area is empty , so we take two comfortable lounge chairs next to each other in the sun .
arriving in back of the resort , i pass through the frozen pool area .
they told him the division commander was the big guy in the dueling area .
he walked to the back and blasted a hole in the wall , which led to an eating area .
he prepared a time - delay explosion , carried as many bombs as he could , then crossed the eating area to a barracks until he found his way back to the dungeon .
all around the dance floor is a fifteen - foot ceilinged area above which are the balconied floors above .
at the far south end of the building is a lounge area of tables , chairs , and couches .
above , one of the floors is missing , the area is easily thirty feet high .
to the right of the console is the bar , to its left is the lounge area .
the lounge area is mobbed , as is the area around the bar and the great central dance floor beyond .
the lounge area is mobbed , as is the area around the bar and the great central dance floor beyond .
to his left is a raised kitchen area with all stainless steel appliances and cabinets .
to his right is a dark sitting area with three long low white leather and chrome couches arranged in a u - shape facing the southern wall .
returning to the living room area he arranges these on the large central table then grabs a couple of ashtrays from the end tables and places them on the table too .
grabbing a crystal wine glass and a bottle opener , she saunters into the living room area .
trucks drive in from the west and are loaded or unloaded in a large central area that is open to the second floor .
the levels below are all offices and computer rooms , '' says david as he gestures across the wide open central area , seventy - five feet or so above the central dance floor with a laser pointer .
david points upwards at the next two floors and says , ` ` pretty much similar configuration up there with more desks , conference rooms and there 's general work areas up on the fourth floor .
` ` no , it looks like it but there 's a big area behind it where we store stuff .
inside is a large central area where the trucks wait to be loaded and unloaded .
once inside the warehouse tom and bob follow joe through the garage area and down a wood floored corridor to joe 's office at the far end where mike predicted the meeting would take place .
bob joins in , ` ` on the ground floor , the dance floor is in the middle but around the sides , under the balconies , are areas of tables and chairs .
they had noticed the reddish brown stains on the dirty cement near one of the outer brick walls in the central garage area of the warehouse .
across the room from the desk there 's a small sitting area , two chairs , small couch , coffee table and a couple of tables with lamps .
a wall divider separates the bedroom area from the sitting room .
the lobby is divided into a reception area , a sitting area and a dining room with dividers of plants , water fountains , that sort of thing .
the lobby is divided into a reception area , a sitting area and a dining room with dividers of plants , water fountains , that sort of thing .
` ` i ' m gon na head over towards the stage area and check out the emergency exits .
when mark gets to the stage area he spots the emergency door to its right .
mark circles around the bar to the area near the main door and takes some shots looking east across the dance floor towards the bar .
the buffet area is immediately below pete 's ninth floor balcony so he gets the full effect of the aromas from each meal as they rise unobstructed through the open space above .
inside the club , the kid nervously rushes back to the stage area with the loot from the cash registers .
lance and david enter pete 's sitting area .
they walk to the main receiving area of the warehouse .
once inside , they walk through the garage area towards joe 's office , their footsteps echoing in the cavernous empty central open space .
before them they see a large , white , windowless commercial van parked in the main garage area with a large sliding door on one side and a pair of doors at the back .
they leave the garage area and walk down the wood floored corridor to joe 's office .
sid closes the van doors while mark pushes the two - wheeler over to one side of the garage area alongside some others .
outside in the storage area , chris and tony begin shifting the kegs back onto the truck in place of three of the empties .
the first six trucks pull out onto the highway and start gaining speed while one waits back at the parking area to watch for jim and ed to leave the diner .
the third trucker quickly binds jim 's hands behind him with more duct tape and then all three quietly drag him out into the dimly lit parking area .
tom retreats up to the second floor which overlooks the garage area below .
roger opens both rear doors and david and todd , arms behind them tied at the wrists , sit on the back deck then pull their legs up and squirm into the cargo area where they sit , backs against the rear row of seats , knees at their chins .
they push two shopping carts wobbling in the snow covered lot back to the truck and pile the stuff next to david in the cargo area .
my clothes were now dry ; i scanned the area where the hallway entrance used to be .
there s a huge observation window overlooking the city up there , as well as a bunch of little lounges and serving areas for holding parties .
i take a glance around the area to take quick note of my surroundings .
when i came to , i realized i was in a dark blue carpeted pit which lay in the middle of pine forests common area .
the second set of doors was about thirty feet ahead , and the space between the two doors held such areas like the principal and vice principals offices , guidance offices and of course the front office .
through the door was the living room , and to the right was the tiny kitchen area .
to our immediate left , at the entrance , was a barthey were serving beverages to the eager guests surrounding the area .
he arrived at the town square and passed the fountain area , where the shooting display of water had been turned off for the night , and made his way down the small one - way lane that led to the old city cemetery .
his heart hurting , his body exhausted , tick picked up the pace again and quickly ran across the waterless fountain area and down the small road until he reached the entrance to the cemetery .
the area was still littered with the bodies of no - kills gnome companions , and the smell of death filled the corridor .
sticks with flame on them , versions of the ones we had seen the tall monsters carrying underground , lit the area with even more light than the brilliant light sources above .
i stood , moving away from the animals and back towards the food storage area .
khavi could nt run , but he did his best to pick up the pace ; we powered down the corridor , following the sound of voices as they grew louder and louder until we appeared in an open area with a low , flat ceiling .
* * * welcome home , said one of the immigration officials as we entered one of the back rooms of the customs and border patrol area .
chapter 12 : northbound i opened my eyes to ellen clubbing me in the face with a rolled - up magazine , while a naked girla lighter - skinned , slighter - framed version of urszulastood atop a bench in the waiting area , buck naked , shrieking at the top of her lungs .
i stuck the stave in an umbrella stand and went into one of the small bedrooms attached to the living area .
one side had a pond with waterfalls and an area with large shade trees that encircled some park benches .
another area had a round bar with trapeze swings hanging above it where players could go to get drunk , dance on the tables , and generally act like fools .
then there was a third area that was decked out like a torture chamber with stockades and cages .
he even took her into the noob area and stood by while she killed a few zombies on her own .
the zombies in the noob area were sluggish at best , limping around at a pace so slow that you could out walk them .
we walked down a short hallway that opened up into an area that consisted of three large jail cells .
i asked while snapping a few photos of the bathroom area .
we have an outdoor recreation area that they are allowed to use one hour out of every day .
it was about the same size , though it was divided differently , with a viewing area in the front separating an expansive room in the back .
he gestured to the door that led to the containment area , which was made of thick steel .
yes , please , i replied before snapping a few pictures of the viewing area .
we walked towards a fenced - in courtyard , which i could only assume was the outdoor recreation area .
first , i 'll show you guys all the common areas .
she stopped dead in the middle and stood quietly surveying the area with her back to lo , then turned , ran her hands over her hips , and sat down on the sofa .
lo watched as the little stool was carried off the staging mount and back into the holding area .
they passed the lobby and headed for the dining area , which was usually filled with chattering customers .
echo knew they had to put more space between them and the doons or the foul creatures would ride into the lit area on their shadow .
when you leave the restroom to return to the dining area , a series of events will occur that will enable you to escape .
i concentrated on remaining upright as i returned to the dining area .
each person had their own area reserved for their bed and personal belongings like framed photographs and smaller pieces of furniture .
several guardians were stationed on the dock , a ridiculous number for the fifteen - by - fifteen foot area in which we would dine .
members of the congregation observed the stage area with rapt attention .
the front room had been converted to a reception area .
they hauled me like luggage ( kicking , shouting luggage ) from the well - lit areas into a dark part of the compound .
across from my room was a sitting area with empty chairs and tables and a dark television .
the room looked like a leftover communal area from the days the asylum was used for the purpose for which it was intended .
where 's the high security area ?
a common area sat unused with empty furniture and drawn shades .
the only path that seemed acceptable was onward , closer to the high security area .
luckily , we encountered no more enforcers before we found the door to the high security area .
celeste hauled gideon back toward the door to the high security area , slamming him into the wall when he struggled .
the high security area was a long room with glass - front cells on two sides .
christian let out a gasp when the large shifter moved unnaturally fast back to the dining room area of the small house and grabbed the vampire by his wavy black hair , slamming him to the ground .
they walked toward the area quinn was sitting at , and tristan went to try to sit next to her , but the bouncer put his arm out .
once they reached aces small office on canal street , erick was ushered inside and ordered to sit on the small sofa in the waiting area of the office .
andrew and hank stood in a purposely dark area outside the pub where the streetlights did nt quite reach .
as soon as it stopped xavier and tom got down of the car and ran toward him , picked him up , put him over tom 's shoulder and carried him to the back of the toyota throwing him in the cargo area .
guillem closed the back door with maria 's help and made themselves as comfortable as possible , there were at least 7 people sitting there with them in the cargo area , some were sitting in others laps , some were crying and all of them were barely able to breathe .
once the excitement began to cool off he noticed a very strong odour , it smelled of concentrated pee and noticed that the floor of the cargo area was wet , a lot of of the other passengers were still crying .
all of them got on the cargo area and the pickup truck left the place going into el canaote .
as he was arriving to santa ines he saw as the same pickup truck pass him at full speed , there were many bad looking people sitting and screaming in the cargo area .
it was a total of 5 troublemakers that came down of the truck , three of them from the cargo area plus two sitting inside it , one of them was the che guevara clone .
now it was a network of storage areas and living space that housed the entire clan and could accommodate more if it was needed .
the crowd was silent as the procession made its way slowly down to the city proper and finally rolled up to the stage area .
he wailed when he realized he would not be inducted and had to be forcibly removed from the stage area .
tagan pushed the food laden cart down the hall , turning into the guardhouse area .
the gate to the prison area was locked and tagan looked around for an on duty guard .
an impressive assortment of beddings and furniture filled the floor area .
the staff had finished preparing it when kyriu arrived to the ready area and pointed out his objection to lozan .
they made it across the main area and braulor did n't see tyran 's body anywhere .
the crazzanks job was to keep attackers stuck here and not be able to get into the main area .
brody planned to finish kates sitting area on his own , and would tinker with creating a path between the southern paddocks as time permitted .
the outdoor sitting area that was started over a month ago still sat in half - completion , and a vent was needed for his excess energy and exuberance that had built up .
* * * foregoing the shower that usually followed after their carnal exertions , brody wanted to show kate her completed sitting area before the sun completely set .
simon converted the front of the house 's main floor into a display store ; the kitchen and dining area ran along the rear of the house , with a central staircase that led up to his bedroom and computer room .
as the foul man walked through his own display area and through western - style swinging doors into the private rear of the house , amanda stopped in dawning wonder .
simon walked into the back of the house and turned right into the kitchen area .
teenagers scurried about the stage area , working on backdrops and props .
a spare rested beneath the cargo area , but kali had no idea what to do with it .
the hallway was much longer than it appeared to be from the main dining area .
telling herself the area was like any other , she took one nervous step and then another until she had crossed the room .
the basement is the most highly secured area in the building .
she had no idea what hour it was when mr . mas feet scraped across the dirty floor , coming closer and closer to the sleeping area .
york pointed to an area in the floor when rhane reached him .
so close to closing , the back area was typically unavailable for seating .
operation 's was a silhouette of a foot with a large bullet hole passing through it , the client service logo was a big steaming cup of coffeethe area being quite deserted when they passed through itwhile a pair of folded hands with the thumbs circling each other was the logical representation for upper management .
each lab was guarded by a trained sentry wearing an armored power suit , while the ultra - secret areas were protected by highly advanced eight - foot - tall robots , none of which you 'd ever want to mess with .
he fled to the maintenance area , the ball pecking at his head and shoulders .
chris tucked a chair deeper into the gear - packed bed on his way over to the nominated bathroom area .
but , before a word passed his teeth , the man on the duty desk opened the swinging door to the back area of the station and called out .
the area looked like most historical monuments ; paved groundwork surrounding the area with benches dedicated to past citizens .
the area looked like most historical monuments ; paved groundwork surrounding the area with benches dedicated to past citizens .
jake put his shoulder to the wall and spun round and round in the tight area all the way to the bottom , making himself dizzy in the process .
running back to check on the two prisoners , he was shocked to see all the damage that had occurred in such a centralized area of the structure .
going the construction area , they had seen figures ascending stairs .
he entered into a small common area with a quaint kitchen area to the left .
he entered into a small common area with a quaint kitchen area to the left .
the ground floor was a large common area where meals were served to guests .
the two sat in the common area .
two other men occupied the common area .
each night , she chisels out a little more space for her sleeping area .
rayne shuffles serena out of the room and into the dining area next to the kitchen .
a metal sheet slides open above the restricted area , filling it with light .
francesca tugged him toward the dancing area where laughing men and women cavorted in alternating circles .
once they were out of the noisy work area , alanse asked , what talents do you have to offer the academy ?
when they reached the heavy door that opened to a windowless storage area , rainer stopped again .
pulling my sweatshirt in tighter , i wandered between the buildings towards the pool area .
when she moved to the small office area , alec moved behind the bar and poured two shot - glasses of fireball , a cinnamon - flavored whiskey .
a second later , he heard her moving the stone that protected her secret storage area .
ipid morbidly joked as he emerged from the rows of bleached leather tents into the open area that housed the boys taken by the darthur .
to one side of the area was a huge bed of coals with pots , pans , and collapsible stoves scattered across it .
she lifted the child from her lap and crawled to the small , circular hole that separated the common area from the womens quarters .
built into the hills and extending through heavy wooden structures , a lodge included everything its residents needed : storage rooms , animal stalls , smithies , shops , common kitchens and dining areas .
men had their own bunk rooms , dining areas , entertainments , and even corridors .
they descended the stairs to see a frazzled woman staring at the lounge area looking lost .
mrs . gable lead them back to the busier , but not busy enough , dining area , and struck up a conversation with the frazzled woman and her daughter ruby .
` ` the other guests have confined themselves to the breakfast area , so we should not be disturbed , '' he said .
they eventually parked in the area designated for acts and set out to find the various managers to get fully registered .
but i do n't have a single bar of reception right now , so maybe we 'd better just hang around this area of the festival .
the birds conferred for a moment , and then two curtained off areas appeared on either side of the half court .
maryann waited outside the areas as the two teams changed .
now maryann was crying and the ravens did n't protest when she joined her friends in the curtained off area .
they walked out of the curtained off area and the basketball court was gone .
they hurried to the stage area while a rat and a rabbit watched them from underneath the bushes .
the ground was scattered with leaves , as wooded areas usually were , and the area they had rented out for the week was an oddly - shaped oval with a spigot , picnic table , and charcoal grill .
he trudges toward the area set up with foodstuff , glad to see the other patients he passes are resting and appear stable .
she swallows as she remembers the scene that greeted her eyes when she entered the nesting area .
the area by the entrance is flat .
the particular women and young men staffing the serving area tell him it is early evening .
an area not too far away holds deer carcasses for the feeding of the dragons .
i am not taking it away , i simply want to move you to a sleeping area .
the shaman gestures to a raised area near the center with several people sitting upon stools behind large tables filled with parchment .
she will still see me if i enter from that side and if she turns on me in that narrow area well , it could be bad .
montello grins and strides toward the provision area , the cart squeaking along in front of him .
montello nods and turns his cart back toward the provision area .
men rush to him and grab the deer , moving them to the processing area to the left .
geramn , i left some breakfast for you in the cooking area , you should hurry or you will be late .
it is driving the vermin into the living areas seeking fare .
i headed out to the soldiers training area .
she walked quietly past all the other visitors , past the dali copies , and into an unoccupied area of the gallery .
he had managed to start moving about and made it as far as the table in what passed for a kitchen area in the front room of her cabin .
she was leaning against a counter in the kitchen area , listening to their conversation .
she made her way into the kitchen area of her cabin , suddenly feeling the need to clean something and at the same time , wondered why her own faith carried no such heart wrenching beauty as she had just witnessed .
the horses had their own little area beneath the overhang , protected from the worst of the elements .
tents were erected in an area to the left of the cave entrance , among them one larger than the others , and more finely made .
in the area near the tents several of the scarborough soldiers were disarmed and on their knees , guarded by zionists .
i took a fighting position , crouching to minimize vulnerable areas , knees bent , feet planted firmly but lightly for balance and mobility .
i went aft to the cooks area , taking a pitcher of water and a leg of lamb , the last one he said .
i covered the cage and went back to the cooks area to settle a dispute between him and phandros over soup .
a silhouette with glowing blue eyes emerged from the lighted area .
the stairs spiralled down at least a story into the ground before leveling off into a wider area .
why do nt you two sleep over there , unni said to ailia and lucia , pointing to the far back area .
several cheerful vikings staggered their way out into the central area halfway undressed , their round , pale bellies hanging out to meet the cold .
bishop peter brought the aesira jewel back into our living area and showed us , draper said .
a checkout area with an ancient cash register stood in the right corner .
since she was the only one in the office , she put the chart back on the stack and went out to the reception area .
doris glanced around the empty waiting area .
luz stood in the archway between the living room and dining area , alexs baseball bat gripped tightly in both hands and resting against her shoulder as if she were preparing to swing at a ball .
kara opened the exam room door and watched the children scamper toward the reception area .
my mom got me one of those special nets , alex said as he followed his friend through the main entrance to the covered area where the bus waited .
chapter twelve kara left examining room two and went to the sink in the lab area to wash her hands before going to the next patient .
dr . kara , you have a phone call , bonnie called out from the reception area .
then he walked to the other end of the loading area .
bryony trotted slowly into the small foyer area , looking listless and tired .
palming the entire set flooded the backstage area with harsh white overheads .
she passed the plate off to her husband alonzo who was busy mixing drinks in the parlour , the seating area just in front of the helm .
it also housed a small refrigerator and sink area just large enough to store some cold drinks for the voyage .
she had been standing to the right of peter and now turned and disappeared down into the cabin area .
he went over to the dining area , took out the long white tablecloth and started to set the table for breakfast .
he took out the muffins and croissants and put them in baskets to take out to the dining area , he then placed the cinnamon buns into the oven .
she went over to the pot in the seating area in front of the helm and refilled her cup before getting out another one for peter .
celeste had suggested that since none of them were sailors that maybe they should be in the seating area for the first time the sails went up .
alex had seen brent go into the parlour , which was actually how celeste had referred to their on deck seating area , to wait but his father had dragged him back out to the bow .
alonzo and sandra had taken the second launch with the lobsters , crabs and other assorted items over and alonzo began to get the fire pit ready for the shellfish , while sandra unpacked the rest of their gear and set up the dining area .
the interior had been beautifully maintained ; it had an l - shaped floral sofa , two chairs , an oak bar and a small eating area .
the main deck area with the fishing chair was at the stern of the boat and that was where he found jeff .
there was an empty area just in front of it where she would be able to change without something poking her in areas that did nt need to be poked .
she returned to the area where she had picked up her shirt and found the map underneath a layer of flowers from the jasmine bush , she picked one of the flowers up with the map and inhaled its sweet aroma , mmm , heavenly .
craig shrugged off his coat and hung it up in the small coat room outside the large office area of the tenth floor .
there was also a large grounds area to practice my abilities some more .
we waited in a foyer area while mr . domingo went to find pietro .
pietro , of course was not expecting a delivery but when mr . domingo kept insisting he had one , pietro came to the reception area to see what the mix up was .
we acquired a beautiful villa near the town of catania that had 29 private rooms and five common areas .
grandpa slowed down when we reached the area , obviously scanning to see who was inside .
but they did have one barred area where they could keep watch over the most violent criminals before they were transferred to bucharest or perhaps codlea prison .
this was not the horror that was the ichor done but a plush chamber with expensive sofas , tall mirrors , a dining area with five tables , each set with ten chairs and thrones at the ends .
he raced through the crowd , shoving others out of his way as he made a beeline to the area where brutus and queen ann archy stood .
there was also a door to their right that led into a kitchen area .
stella stood up and walked over toward the kitchen area .
red led the way down below the deck and into a dimly lit and confined area below .
directly ahead of them was a round cobblestoned area about forty yards in diameter .
slowly the door opened revealing the area outside which was crowded with zyranian wizards .
inside was a large living area that made up most of the lower level of the house .
after his third corner and his second set of oak - effect plastic folding doors wells hit the first communal area .
wells ran across the rest area using the tables like steps : pre - packaged salads and grey burgers burst around his footfalls like shrapnel .
as i stepped inside , i looked around in the waiting area , but did not see him anywhere .
she instinctively rolled to the side , away from ganthorpes desk and toward a more open area of the room .
they looked at one another and then back toward the source area of the sound , withdrawing their weapons quietly , and advancing softly once more .
in the center of the area was a huge fire pit .
a few more of the ironskulls had entered the cavernous area to receive their assignments and were told where their posts would be along the roads nearby .
he stumbled on after the hooded shape for some time before a waft of foetid air informed him that they had reached a wider area ; a room , perhaps .
` ` imagine my surprise seeing him walking the crowds of the city when i had expressly told him to remain in the menagerie area and perform !
he should have faced off with keffinen years ago ... if there had been a search then ... a contortionist was performing in another of the little roped - off areas that caught draegon 's eye .
sam headed to his favorite spot to eat his lunch : a secluded area in one of the maintenance tunnels where he could watch the dolphins swim , and be left alone .
alyssa smiled and turned into the large parking area filled with cars and semi - trucks .
alyssa was walking across the playground after samantha , who had chased a small dog toward the trees that lined the small picnic area .
they took the set of cement steps that led up to the dock area .
they d installed a small toilet under the stairs and a shower stall in the area that had once been a closet .
moving across the open area inside the hall they opened a large black door and headed down into the sanctuary .
the remaining groups , position yourselves to the designated areas of the castle right now !
he tackled her and the two rolled across the floor as a rain of metal shards thudded into the area where she had stood moments before .
i let my eyes instead wonder over the activities of the restaurant , gazing through the glass sliding door that separated the deck from the main area .
it was an area that had been intended to feel inviting with white tiled floor , bright lights and single pot plant , but i personally found the room to serve only as a reminder i would die penniless .
we passed through an entrance lobby , between two flights of majestic stone steps and arrived in a waiting area that smelled of leather .
as my eyes drifted around the room a feeling of claustrophobia began to set in , despite the fact the area was spacious and roomy .
together we passed through the waiting area and entered the massive hall .
in the reception area i came upon claudia alone at her desk with a plate of cake .
the reception area seemed to contract around me , and already the process of mental invasion was becoming easier .
inside i was surprised to see that the traditional chair and low couch moved to sit against the far wall , making a maximum amount of room available in the central area .
i passed through them into a third area .
when i entered the reception area i was , much to expectation , greeted by the mournful faces of the half dozen people in the waiting room .
loud , blatant and clumsy , the sound moved from the area above door , slowly in my direction .
when the sounds had been from areas of the room that i associated with being natural barriers , windows and doors , i could handle them .
i stood , left my new room and stepped out onto the balcony ; an area that now served as home to a few bushy pot plants .
he led me across the dimly lit main area towards the bar , skirting a catwalk on which two bleached - blonde women imitated drunken belly - dancing .
taking the cue , benny grasped my sleeve and pulled me towards the restricted area .
here , positioned around a central swimming pool , was an entertainment area housed under an enormous thatched rain cover .
normally it was busy , but today it was quiet and still ; the pathways and common areas should have been filled with people chatting and sharing the happenings of the day .
he steps into another area .
the hieroglyphic guy pointed to the area he began the story in .
i sank into ezzys lap and turned to look at the seating area .
the cellar was divided into several small work areas , and trak realized after he began sorting through the cellars junk there had once been order to the way the rooms were utilized .
the large central area had been a workshop where barrels were manufactured .
we have been given beds here in the receiving area .
krage proceeds to the residential area of the temple and enters his chambers .
he exchanges his clothing for a large towel he finds on his bed and follows an attendant to the bathing area where hot water flows from a pipe into a marble pool , filling the room with steam .
he reinforces the dock area and places scouts in key areas to warn of any attack .
they can see smoke billowing from the dock area , but they are unable to see the attackers .
as they scan the island for a likely landing spot , they see smoke rising from the dock area .
always stay in the common areas .
it flows into troughs cut from the rock to dispensing points in the kitchens and bathing areas .
the force enters the hive undetected and sets fire to the storage areas .
it contained an alchemy lab for trak and a work area for myrel to study and store her medicinal plants .
eurysa moved to that wall with her bow in hand looking towards the area the spell had come from .
crouching in the shadows , gideon stalked towards the area where the main body of thieves were pressing their attack .
a massive decontamination area , most of the glass long since gone , as you could see directly into the adjoining room .
pink lighting was brought in for the reception area with a dance floor .
i want to show you everything , the reception area , the cake , the flowers .
all of the carnage had taken place in this centralized area upon the ground .
already the flames were spreading in this area of the restaurant .
she had thus far avoided the officers billeting , their dining areas , and anything to do with the elevated ranks .
this area was built into the private quarters which the general and his daughter enjoyed , and was separate from view to the rest of the stables .
macconnach suggested a private area for isabel , but she pointedly ignored his overtures , rolling herself up tightly in a wool blanket .
the palace is a large area , the grounds even larger .
you will live here , in this room , using this area for your no .
from the back of the courtyard a few steps dropped to a living area , where food was prepared and eaten , children played , and all communications devices found use .
the living area gave way to a short , skylit hallway , which in turn led to other rooms of rest , relaxation , study , and play .
they spent the following days in the library , in spite of the living area , though at times omar found himself standing in the prayer courtyard , smiling and asking himself : why ?
coming in at the angle they are , they 'll either fire at the cockpit , which is this area up front , or the fuel tanks at the rear of the wings .
he could sense the areas where electricity ran inside the building and snaked his awareness around them .
anelie departed into the kitchen area and in the few moments she was gone , merlin spoke to gunter .
now the main area of the cottage was lit as well as it would be with the sun pouring in the windows .
minor bits of magic let him open drawers , flip through pages , and gave him access to anywhere he wanted to look except for two areas that were heavily warded .
the guard went to a different area in the underground section of the research facility .
merlin guided anguis ' efforts so that certain areas of the castle showed in the dream .
as the small group of people approached the lighted area , he recognized them as three of his current students .
merlin led the way to the supply area .
the light was forced back into a smaller and smaller area .
gardens and hedges receded into the dimness beyond , but there were oil lamps aplenty casting light over the central area .
we walked past all the friendly commotion until we were in a much quieter area .
the waiting area was mostly empty .
as she pulled the large glass door open to the aging establishment and stepped inside , she was hit with the smell of tobacco smoke and saw its fog hanging low over the semi dark gambling area .
a young woman , franklins niece and tashas second oldest friend in river city , came in from the kitchen area , walked over and sat next to tasha .
jake drove through the picnic area to the furthest parking lot at the back area of the park , pulled into a slot and shut off the engine .
jake drove through the picnic area to the furthest parking lot at the back area of the park , pulled into a slot and shut off the engine .
the stall area has been converted into a barracks that could hold a lot more people than i ve seen , but i do nt know if more will show up later , or what .
as soon as he heard the location , he interrupted avery with a meet me there , and hung up , quickly changing back into wolf form and charging off for the dock area .
# # # # the docking area was a small , natural bay set in from the river .
he raised it in salute and walked to the small kitchen area to grab a cup of coffee .
tasha had walked into the kitchen area while they were talking .
the kitchen was the area behind the front office proper .
sit , he motioned to the seating area they used to meet with clients .
# # # # the open area outside of the cell resembled a comfortable living room complete with large , comfortable looking chairs and sofas and flat screen television .
anna led tasha to a corner area , where burly was sitting across from a tall man with shaggy black hair and gray eyes .
they stood in some kind of auditorium on a raised stage and there was a vast seating area around them much like in a lecture room .
along a hallway beside the staircase were more doors and what looked to be an extensive kitchen area at the rear of the building .
as he came to the end of a long corridor between bookcases , he entered into a more open area and was greeted by a perplexing scene .
deathly quiet surrounded him as he hovered , being carried to the hinder area of the battle .
their first steps past the gates led them into a rather crowded area .
this area was lined with shelves and upon them were row after row of earthen vases with fixed lids , most of which were sealed with melted wax .
finely polished cobblestone of a deep red appearance set apart the central area and it was open to the sky above .
david had backed away from the window a slight distance and was pointing downward into the general area of the rooftop where he had watched the young woman bathe .
sections of the elegant living area were set off by partitions of hanging bamboo as well as strung pieces of wood , delicately carved , or heavy and decidedly beautiful , richly - colored drapes .
in a short time he made his way to the great altar , where he took the central area by swinging his tail - like hinder body , to sweep away masses of inferiors .
the fact that nathan was about to convey to azarias , his son , some of the history concerning that period of time , coupled with the fact that the two of them were now seated in the same area in which it took place , had caused his mind to wander back in recollections of those events .
this massive area was closed off to the public but it had to be twice the size of the regular store , which seemed impossible .
as she closed the door , i could hear the chaos taking place in other areas of the house ; kids were chasing each other , someone was screaming about a lost toy , and a baby began to howl .
after dinner , as my mom disinfected the daycare area of the house , i took a shower , then retreated to my bedroom and turned on the television .
she then raced back into the toy area .
i showed bobby around the house and then spent a few minutes in the toy area with him .
bobby , my mom said , entering the toy area with bryce .
megan took off her shoes , hugged her mother , and then followed me into the toy area .
to our dismay we found the pool area climbing with zombies .
the three of them stood to one side of the lighted area .
i looked at the edges of the room and realized for the first time that the panes along the perimeter were doors that could be opened to what i presumed was a patio outside ; with the snow covering the ground it was impossible to tell , but it seemed like there was an eating area out there .
i plunged into the kitchen and heard the screams of the serving ladies , who had all run inside to hide after the altercation started in the dining area .
when we returned to the campus , we did not head to the garage but instead to the small underground parking area under headquarters .
tables were set up to the left and right of the bar area , with a small dance floor in the far corner .
both an and ponal put their bags in the centre of the hammock area , and picked both their hammocks .
the first floor had a huge entrance area , with a large staircase leading up to the second floor in the middle of it .
to the right of the entrance area was a huge dining room with paintings of previous advisors hanging on the wall .
he pulled ponal into the dining area .
he hit the wall on the far side of the open area , making the whole building shake .
once shed finished in the bathroom , she peeked out beyond the door into the living - room area and saw a man sprawled out on the couch .
once they d reached the parking area , everyone began to disperse .
he directed his black suv in to a space designated for employees only and quickly scanned the surrounding area .
cameras had been identified and their lenses blackened in the area surrounding lesters room .
the small living - room area was free of fat men sleeping on the couch and there were no fast - food boxes or bags cluttering the coffee table .
once she was inside her trailer , she dashed past the living - room area , thankful that her mother was nt home to ask frivolous questions about her trip .
in the service area , she grabbed what looked like chicken salad on wheat bread and a carton of chocolate milk .
after paying the cashier for her lunch , arianna rounded the corner of the service area and saw that bulldog and beth had joined mike , carrie , ryan and christa at a table in the far corner of the cafeteria .
the faint light of a side table lamp illuminated the area before them , a crowded area with a couch and coffee table .
no one appeared to be in the living - room area .
his eyes quickly scanned the kitchen area and hallway .
the doors opened to the congregational seating area .
by day , the east fallkill recreation center was a designated area for activities .
he tested the engine of his sports car and sped down the long pathway past tennis courts , baseball fields , a stout concession building and a football field , before reaching a play area .
jesse pushed a small display rack of robes over the empty spot hoping to fill in the area .
athenas pumps clicked on the tiled floor as she crossed back over to the seating area , handing paris a glass with a few sips of whiskey in it .
i walked into the display area and headed to one of my favorite cases .
beds lined both sides of the long tunnel - like area , which ended in a small alcove in the back .
kaeso led his horse into the stable area and dismounted .
he took another deep breath and nervously twiddled his fingers down by his sides as he walked into the highly restricted , heavily armed area .
he walked in to the all - white marble sitting area .
he handed the parchment to euric and , after a bow , dismissed himself from the training area without further prompt .
the two men , so mismatched in size , stood in the center of the training field in an area now ringed by the other gladiatorial recruits .
a tiny window near the ceiling let the slightest streak of silver moonlight fling itself across a table that was taking up most of the space in the cramped area .
the people will be distracted by the festivities and most of the military will be contained in the area of the amphitheater , guarding the emperor . ''
a small sitting area was placed near this creek with two chairs next to a small table which had a good size pitcher of pink liquid and two glass goblets resting on it .
banging open the door to her work area , she slammed it shut with a resounding bang before throwing herself in a chair that looked out over open sky .
the view from the opposite side had nt done them justice ; they were massive with several places it seemed , for rest areas as one made their way up but remain safe and out of sight .
i wonder if i can use this area once we get out to sneak off to exercise or just get away .
this area was sealed enough to have kept them in decent condition .
the area here was a bit more decorated with paintings and other pieces .
its rays played along the sides of the looming palace , the stone glistening as if it were the finest glazed porcelain , apart from those areas still aglow with a flickering scarlet and crimson , as if set aflame .
even so , their hopes were suddenly raised when they uncovered a section of the workshop that had fallen in on itself in such a way that it had protected a whole area of shelving , with every piece of pottery saved from being even slightly cracked .
they were moving through the rooms much quicker than they were walking , as if the carpet beneath their feet were also swiftly moving , taking them along at great speed through hallways and larger , multi - mirrored areas .
at the back of the church to the left was a kitchen and living area , and then to the right was a bedroom .
they sat in a dusty corner of the living area like an eccentric decoration .
this was as usual ; the king had his own private hallway to the dining area , probably because it made a better entrance .
the rest of the group got to their feet and went to their respected areas of the cave and readied themselves for bed .
as they come to the sleeping area of the cave , river took lot 's wrist and pulled him back to her as he walked by .
lot went to his sleeping area and gathered his things .
the tournament was taking place in the stadium - like area of the city , known as the stage .
it was an odd feeling as i stepped into the pack meeting area .
as we approached the area a friendly face came walking over to me .
my dad shouted above the small roar of conversation that had begun to fill the meeting area .
marcus shifted into his wolf form and took off at a dead run into the forest beyond the meeting area .
there was an alcove back there that led to a semi - hidden little lounge area with a couple couches and tables .
the most noticeable change was the fact that a balcony area was in the process of being built .
the loft area that was built to overlook the bar was finished , and complete with lush looking blue couches , and chrome railings to keep the drunks from plummeting to their deaths .
i turned the corner from the area where the fancy new pool tables took the place of the old shabby ones , and i was floored by the changes to the back room .
there were new lounges , tables , and mirrors along the walls that opened the space up and made it appear larger than the area truly was .
the four of us entered the newly remodeled lounge area , and started loading up the various tables with food .
crandall led him across the open area as hundreds of eyes followed his every move .
behind them in the observers area sat the almost salivating press corps , including remy and her crew .
bright lights flooded the area both inside and out , dazzling the punters before they even set eyes on the rows of pokies and clusters of green velvet - lined tables .
opposite was the outfitting area , where you donned your vest and guards and picked up your weapon .
they worked their way to the bar and while the girl winced and motioned to her feet , the young man scanned the area for a free stool .
the area before the counter had been cleared out and chairs were flung haphazardly across it .
it was portioned off into different areas , such as the velvet and lava lounges .
mercy made no indication shed sensed anything , so i swung us around the parking area and back onto the road .
we cruised past the look - out and toward the picnic areas .
there was a small , carpeted area at the back of the room with a play pen and box of toys .
there were no tables , only short wing shelves in certain areas , each with a couple of bar stools , those and the bar itself .
there was a long bar on the right , a couple of pool tables on the left , and beyond was a large seating area leading to a hardwood floor dance area , which was at the moment a sea of cowboy hats moving in counter clockwise direction to the texas two step .
there was a long bar on the right , a couple of pool tables on the left , and beyond was a large seating area leading to a hardwood floor dance area , which was at the moment a sea of cowboy hats moving in counter clockwise direction to the texas two step .
` ` over there , '' sumo said , ` ` looks like they 're headed for the rest area ... '' johnny smiled at this reference to the clearing , but he did not laugh , nor did he make any sound to give himself away .
` ` the rest area , '' sal said , ` ` perfect .
` ` yeah , the rest area . ''
he stepped inside and walked around exploring the bar area .
his assistant , dick bowler , was checking out the bar area , troopers were everywhere examining every square inch of the bar , the parking lots and the grounds .
the trooper led them to the parking area .
after i loaded all the money , the pocket knife , the laptop , and the lighter i slung it around my shoulder and returned to the front area .
glass , dirt , and trash were scattered around the area .
she climbed the ladder to the third floor landing , where dyston had pointed out the area in which to find the most likely source of archangel information .
i folded it up as best i could , and moved as many rocks and twigs from the area that would be my bed for the night .
colin and cerena live on the third floor , and the fourth floor is another area where gerol does some work , but also has more supplies in it .
we spent the next hour dragging the remains of aleeshas friends and comrades - in - arms to one area .
as he approached the area from where the noise was issued , two hooded figures emerged from the shadows and they were quickly upon einar .
cadfrawd came to the guard post , fifty drow were cramped in an area designed for no more than twenty guards .
the battle pits was a large open area where the floor had been worn in circles from opponents circling each other .
the wounded drow and elf maiden were brought to a recessed area and there they were left .
jane walked past them into brody 's sculpting area , and found a piece of chalk he used to outline designs and cuts onto stone .
at a corner table in the small seating area of the welcoming little eatery , brody finished a bite of his roast beef sandwich and said , ` ` so , hey , sunday night , come on over for dinner . ''
mac gestured to the small dining area , where a rickety card table and two wooden folding chairs sat .
they all stepped out and looked to the shoreline from the sitting area made for kate on their first date .
on the other side of the room , near the fireplace , was a sitting area .
the floor in the center of the room an area that stretched thirty feet across was completely bare of both furniture and rugs .
his eyes adjusted as rising particles drifted through intruding beams of light , but the partitions between each horses stall were barely visible with piles of dung scattered throughout the unswept area .
his journey took him high up to the dead trees canopy ; an area which imorbis knew would be laden with imprisoned elves .
the emperor motioned to the area directly in front of the table .
water dripped from the ceiling arrhythmically , and there seemed to be more light than would naturally occur in such an underground area , but she could not find its source .
the ivory turtle was nervously walking around the storage hold , nosing between crates and searching out the areas that the lamplight failed to penetrate .
each area of the structure had some kind of decoration .
they were going for the stairs , rooms , or any area they could go to , scaring people and causing as much panic as possible so that gaspar and alexander could get to the throne room without having any problems with the guard of the castle .
i guess this is the kitchen area .
adam already sat astride mallt , waiting for her near the takeoff area .
chapter 4 : morgan she left the stall and headed for the takeoff area , where isabella held a saddled llawens reins .
he beamed at her , and she carried that smile in her heart as she moved toward the takeoff area .
when they followed the fellows arm , they saw the big guy jogging into the main entrance area with two more of the teenagers , one under each arm .
she passed through the small entryway and hung a left through the front living area , into a long hallway .
he pushed up and back with his legs , throwing his body into the area behind himself and landing in the flame that still burned on the ground .
they seem to be concentrating on the construction area at the moment , patrick shrugged his shoulders and finished up his own coffee too .
brick was almost certain that there was a witch den underneath that area .
she gestured towards the dining area where the crockery from their abandoned meal lay on the table .
she would help anyone for whatever the reason , without questions , said nathan as he went to the kitchen area .
he moved up the staircase and observed the sleeping area : the bed had been pulled out , the small table and chairs overturned .
they emerged from the heart of wood to find that the sleet and hail had filled the gaps in the roof , flung around by the wind into all the tiny corners and areas which the humans had not been able to cover .
korsten decided to give himself a tour of the keep , beginning with the residential area .
about ten feet farther on , the house opened up into the living and dining areas .
the courtyard was the only area that was stoned .
underneath each of the two wagons was an entrance to a small area , screened by some tarps and barrels .
on the edges of the area , nova noticed several figures in heaping costumes that watched over the children .
people were pouring in to a large open area having their tickets punched that was easy to find .
chapter 8 the wall of the library reappeared after i entered the living area .
i turned to face the living area and shouted , bet someone else i know has a nice bed , and probably down feathered too .
i went into the living area and saw aluras bedroom door still closed and wondered if she also had a crazy barnyard alarm clock .
this area of keob looked a lot like the batcave .
to make the place homey , a large solid mahogany half wall separated the office from the living area .
ill wait for you in the living area , i said and the brick wall reappeared behind me as i left the lab .
i moved closer to the adjoining lab wall , said entrunezum , and watched it disappear along with the wall leading to the living area .
i finished showering , put on some clean clothes , and entered the living area cautiously in case alura was planning to ambush me with more kitchen goods .
i entered the living area and was surprised to see everything in immaculate order .
thyzil reached into his pocket and took out three glow sticks , snapped them , and tossed each into different areas to provide light .
the glow sticks did nt provide much light , but we could see well enough to make out potted plants , a sitting area with couches and chairs , and what looked like a conference room at the far end of a corridor .
the camera at the arena panned to an area showing three human hostages chained to a wall .
offices lined the walls and typical corporate furniture filled work areas in the middle of the floor .
off to my right was a sitting area that had some chairs , a couch , tables , and vending machines with assorted junk food all neatly lined up along a wall .
i turned to look out across the open office area to my left and did nt see anything there either .
thyzil cleared a small area away of furniture so i could draw a pentagram .
the pack picked up their instruments and headed up some stairs toward the stage area .
the area above the hole was a like a mini roman coliseum with large monoliths supporting three levels of stone ledges .
when thyzil and i entered the living area , we saw 10 pizza boxes and a tapped beer keg sitting in a barrel of ice .
sally looked up with her bright eyes and thumped her tail on the floor when i entered the living area .
placing these belts at different areas of the cavern will allow me to swing out five grenades each time to cause maximum damage .
the fur ball made a quick inspection turning his head back and forth , then went about his business placing flood lamps at other areas .
then , five alura and five thyzil holograms appeared at different areas of the cavern , each with swords drawn and swooshing in the air as they stared down the snarling lycanthropes .
there was some ancient writing writ large in gold leaf across the marble top of the seating area .
we skirt around the hard - hatted dam workers in the maintenance areas and manage to get onto a walkway along the dam itself .
i wanted to check on my friend chauncey so i decided to pass by the area where he was being held .
as we ventured away from this area a passing scene caught my attention .
rizzo and chauncey had them contained in an area that we used to refer to as the shelter .
i do nt remember all of the details surrounding how we exited this area but i do have vague mental snapshots of ushering molly and the kids to safety .
she climbed out of the water into the main living area , where there was space for a fire and two rough mattresses .
she staggered to the lake side area , already overcome with weariness , anxiety and pain .
is this area directly below the main hall ?
even though briksan was several times faster than the fastest humans , there was no way he could escape the area that would be smashed by propiphouss hands in time .
after we ate , we got up to return our trays to the kitchen area , the three divas checking us out with every step .
he shuffled me through a hallway , all the way to a lounge area without saying a word , then pushed me down in a chair and released me .
pissed off as usual , he got up , took two steps and grabbed my arm hard , shifting us to his training area at home .
we put them in when the repairs were going on , so no one used that area for weeks .
at the side of the vegetable garden , just by the kitchen door , there was a small area paved with odd - sized stones , sporting two weathered chairs , low of leg and slanted at the back .
and ill certainly sleep more soundly in my bed knowing that my vacuum cleaner is far less likely to indulge in projectile - vomiting and speaking in tongues when i try to get into those tricky corner areas .
dry ice drifted out from the stage area , creating a soft and wispy blanket that went up to everyones knees .
and they 'll take a message to tell to far and near about the power of my sword and of my bottom of fear sacred wind ended with more flashbombs , dry ice and the stage area awash with strobe lighting .
the crowd parted so the two warriors could get to the stage area , where they began clashing swords and hammering away at each others shields .
the sheeps stirrup had a small restaurant area , in a room adjacent to the bar , and several guests were already availing themselves of the early morning fare .
she ran into the drawing room , which was acting as an overspill area by a few of the guests , and repeated the question , but received the same set of responses .
a large fire crackled away on the far wall next to the bar area , casting a ghostly light on the faces of the three people sat at a table nearby .
the kid , now free of viktors hold , takes even lesser time in grabbing his bag from the floor and bolting through the first clear area he sees .
two of them seem to have abandoned their chairs and are looking outside through the panoramic windows behind the table , with their backs to the whole conference area .
then we tried to see where this place is exactlythe moment we escaped the heated area , we could only find a sparse forest .
as soon as we reached an area with a telephone booth , neal begins , your father called your grandfather .
the unmade bed took up one of the walls and was flanked by small antique dressers ; on the opposite wall , meredith had set up an office area with an antique brass lamp and a few potted plants .
i want to put on the news to find out how many inches it is , amelia said , striding into the living area .
meredith carefully stepped through the waiting area , worried that she would slip on the wet linoleum .
then meredith was led to a curtained area with a bed and a chair , surrounded by numerous machines .
amelia and rob waited outside the curtained area while meredith changed .
fortunately , she was only in the machine for a few minutes , and then she was taken back to the curtained area where amelia waited .
they sat conversing for a while until they were interrupted by yet another hospital worker coming into their curtained area .
back in the curtained area , vi had pulled out the tv and turned it on to the news .
to the left was a family room and a formal dining area , along with a hallway that meredith assumed led to a couple of bedrooms .
meredith glanced back at the coat that eleanor had left in the dining area , debating whether she should take it .
the waiting area was situated to his right , with rows of chairs and a large bank of windows that looked out onto the parking lot .
off to the left , a small but clean kitchen held a bistro table and two chairs that served as the eating area .
a police officer had come out to the waiting area and was standing in front of them .
paul asked , turning into the living area .
dreamer , said ted quietly , and she joined him in the living area .
josephine went back to the small office area where five desks were scattered in different locations of the room .
currently , he , jennifer , and josephine traversed the hallway of the icu area behind the doctor who guided them toward garys room .
the time came and we all walked down to the sunday school area .
the mother mice were cleaning up the storage area and the path to it .
i live in the seattle area with my husband , who i met just as you have read .
a quaint little island divided it from the seating area .
a sign on a door off the food prep area read , employees only .
she waved her arms over the area then the whole library , finding no trace of him .
double wooden doors across the foyer opened to the reception area .
he noticed that numerous male students and one female student relocated to the back rows of the room in the area where katrina sat .
his mouth went dry all of a sudden as his mind raced to determine how to exit the park area .
i found the first available balcony - like area , and plopped down with my feet between the bars , dragging jack down beside me .
i looked toward the area that was supposed to be the ` ` living area '' and saw that it was totally dominated by the giant entertainment center .
i looked toward the area that was supposed to be the ` ` living area '' and saw that it was totally dominated by the giant entertainment center .
after each group listing he points to an area of the lecture theatre where that group should meet .
the streets loomed narrow and dark , with buildings overhanging on each side , as the denizens of this place had built ever larger floor areas on every ascending level above the ground .
the bergers apartment was a large room with living area ; kitchen and dining area all within , bedrooms were separated from the main room by doors .
the bergers apartment was a large room with living area ; kitchen and dining area all within , bedrooms were separated from the main room by doors .
i tugged at elliots sleeve as we entered into the area of the hotel where the conference was being held .
he placed his hand on my lower back and led me towards an area where the organizers had set up benches for the conference goers to rest on .
cyrus started pacing in the small sitting area just across the room tapping his finger against the side of his nose as he began .
elliot glared at cyrus as he pulled me down into the overstuffed chair in the lounge area of his room .
there was a small lounge area by the front door decked out in big fluffy couches and chairs .
the single bed looked freshly made , and no speck of dust lay on the nightstand or dresser , although the downstairs area probably had enough dust for three abandoned buildings .
it illuminated the immediate area , revealing a small walkway that went the length of the attic and branched off here and there .
together they managed to pry him away from the bridge and walk him into the center of town , where a large multistory clock tower dominated the area .
now , on the patio table there is a remote you can use to transform the court into any sports area you wish .
severn court is a meeting area or court .
off in the distance , conrad could sort of see a guy skulking around , probably waiting for someone to mug , seeing as how the parking lot was mostly only lit by the floodlights from the rally area in the far distance .
a wide open area appeared as you passed through the corridor .
they moved into the departure area .
as they moved deeper into the huge room jared squinted at the bright glare compared to the gloom in the shadowy area they had been in before .
they were on a similar area to the one they d been on when all this started in terminal 5 .
1142 to control , he s here and he s headed to the departures area !
they moved towards the lake on a path cutting from the field down to an area with an enclosed paved section with a large wooden table and seats .
eventually they came to a docking area close to the gaping entrance .
some way ahead of them was a brighter area that looked like a larger room .
they came into a brightly lit area that took jared 's breath away .
after a few minutes of travelling the tile reached the lit up area and jared could see there was a vast wooden table in the middle .
the area was still teeming with people and the light from the huge chandelier was dimmer than when they came in .
in the canteen there had been a frantic rush as the boys tried to make for the sweet cupboard until challandra had screeched at them to get out and wait in the dining area .
the rounded area finished some way ahead of them and the poor light there was in the room was coming from a doorway that looked to be about twenty metres away .
they were standing in front of them , where the normal floor met the round area he and his friends were imprisoned upon .
the light filtered in from above from a huge round window in the ceiling and from various doors that led off from the main area .
suddenly with no further warning , blue flame shot from every place in the grilled floor except for the safe areas blocked by the metal plates .
marching through he made for the main cell area .
you five remain here , secure that door and check this area .
benee waved him through the crowd to a quieter area of the street and slipped down a side alley towards another , seemingly calmer area .
daytha lived in an area reserved for palace staff , so it was easy for her to pass the note to the other workers .
~*~ corozon and joseph had been patiently waiting outside in the living area .
he walked across the formal courtroom area , conscious of all those people watching him walk , seeing his immense , womans buttocks slide back and forth .
mazak kneeled , hunched over the seat of the wooden chair in the corner of the living area .
when at the college , i drove to the dorm area and i parked my car .
one of the men began to look around the living room and the other man entered the kitchen area .
i looked where the man had been and then around the surrounding areas .
i walked for a while before i found myself in the jail cell area of the station .
well in such a case , margarith pinches him- still by the ear- towards the childrens area , injured boys get to look after the children until their mothers get to see to them .
there s one more thing when john opens the back garden , it has been transformed to a family outdoor dining area with an adjacent play area .
there s one more thing when john opens the back garden , it has been transformed to a family outdoor dining area with an adjacent play area .
momma has already set up a small playpen and sleeping area for the baby .
this is a crowded area , calea said .
it was my job to keep the areas under my supervision clean and in good repair .
the area of the cave he had entered was a bit taller and wider than the last .
the idea of the door was to hide the restrooms and kitchen entrance from the main area .
the young woman actually looked grateful to dart into the back area and turn the problem over to the manager .
` ` here , have a complimentary drink in the bar area while you wait .
the passage eventually opened up into another , larger area .
they walked down a long hallway that terminated in a round area with no visible exits .
the castle was a stone building with three floors and a basement , a large , medieval - style dining area on the first floor and a rather modern pub in the basement .
obviously they could n't check out any of the guests ' room without permission , but zac and dina had made it clear they were free to spend as much time in the public areas of the castle as they liked .
only the games ' library was fully lit ; the overhead lights in all other public areas had been turned off and they were illuminated by wall sconces only .
` ` that just leads you to the picnic area . ''
there were two doors on the right side of the living room area .
there was no drive - through window , but there were rows for cars to drive into as well as a main seating area .
isabella followed the rather confused detour to a dishelved attendant at a gate who directed them to another dirt path that eventually seemed to circle behind the main festival to an area marked off for the entertainment acts .
the backstage area was less crowded than the main festival area , but they still could n't move quickly .
the backstage area was less crowded than the main festival area , but they still could n't move quickly .
deciding that it was getting too hot to stay out in the sun , and the park was filling with mothers and their preschoolers in the shaded areas were the swings and slides were .
bron was digging now in an area that might have been a kitchen -- the remains of a table on one side , smashed dishes , on the other side a potbelly stove tilted against the half - standing inner wall .
nyashas voice came from further back in the house , perhaps a bedroom area .
but the path he d made through the rubble went back to the kitchen area , and there nyasha ground to a halt , staring .
upon entering this fancy dominion , one came across a reception and waiting area first in the form of a small anteroom and it was here that vikram sahni currently sat in one amidst a row of several chairs stacked against a wall , waiting for his appointment with the pandit ji .
raghuvir handed back the tab to kamal , resolving to watch the rest of the debate later , after which he and kamal made their way to the administration building , where principal barkat rai was waiting for them in the main reception area .
by and by , the young red haired woman , after listening to the white ghostess entreaty , stepped out of her bar area and led the two of them away towards a wooden cabin located upstairs .
under a canopy on that terrace , the old and young of the city were often seen immersed in games like the chess and checkers , while on the benches near the wooden balustrade one could every now and then come across a dilettante musician playing his guitar and singing old rustic songs , and inside the shack , apart from the service area and the kitchen , there was also a quiet section with a little library of books provided for those wishing to absorb their senses in to the imagination or the didacticism of the written word , and despite all these amenities , eat n treat did not at all overcharge its customers , a delicious hot cup of coffee was only priced at a reasonable twenty five bucks while its famous chocolate pastry could be had by shelling out a sensible twenty .
there was a switch just below the rest area that i would have to flick , for the rest to contract back inside the slot , freeing the arrow from being held in place , allowing the string to send it flying .
it was at that moment something told me to take a step back , and look carefully at the area that i had in which made my entrance in .
brinn crept noiselessly along the upper wall of the keep and down the winding stairs toward the guards sleeping area .
sickness stalks the rear areas like a ravenous beast .
then he discovers that tiny holes had been bored maybe decades earlier in the clowns pupils , providing the peeper with a restricted view of the womens toilette area .
the peeping sessions come to an end when louis discovers what the two of them are up to all of the time in the washing area .
certain doors are clearly banned but nothing signals they think forbidden areas .
he nails it from wall to wall in the mens room to conceal the washing area .
he s frightened at being caught in what is probably an out - of - bounds area and at post - curfew time .
a large fire crackled away in a wrought iron brazier , the flames cast a warm , flickering veil of light over the area .
the main room was sectioned into kitchen , dining and living areas .
a section of empty floor leading up to the front door was left as a sitting area .
kahn , dorian and malaki had collapsed in a scatter on the main living area floor .
eventually the creeping snake moved beyond the storage areas and into some larger and much more civilised rooms .
on her way she passed a servitor , taking laundry from one area of the complex to another .
but mostly it was open from the dining area to the office to the beds .
other keepers turned them through corrals like wild horses until they got into a large enough holding area that they could be processed based on their content , not just their size .
the dining area can easily accommodate ninety people .
due to the steady stream of atlantean firepower , the enemy becomes scattered and can not concentrate on one area of the city .
finally , they reached the south west loading area .
she entered the off - limits area , where the government of the red palace conducted its business : the huge cavernous chamber known as the court of flames .
it is better to video a room or area in hopes of finding no causes for concern rather than looking to catch someone doing something wrong .
sanitation or personal hygiene self - reliant ( see also waste and garbage self - reliant ) : they have the ability to clean themselves and their supplies , such as a place to shower and use hand soap and sanitizer , shampoo , laundry detergent , dish detergent , deodorant , towels , clean underwear , diapers and baby wipes etc for babies , sanitary pads , toilet paper , tampons and cleaning supplies to wash and sanitize or disinfect dishes , food preparation areas and living spaces along with a years supply of disposable plates , cups , bowls , napkins , forks , spoons , knives , paper towels etc .
inform captain torrin of the situation and tell him to send every guardsmen that was once a sapper to the construction areas , we need to rebuild our walls as fast as possible .
it seemed to resemble a spider web design , with layers of rooms strung around a central cluster of rooms consisting of a meeting room , where they had first talked to batarr , a staff eating area and an adjoining kitchen .
as the battle wore on , the wounded soon overflowed the medical area and eventually spilled out into all the sections of the tunnel and beyond .
walking past a bank of luscious green plants , we enter an enclosed area with a grand golden and white recliner .
once she entered the booking information , she led cole out into the jail area of the law enforcement center and put him in a cell next to his wife anita .
jenna got up from the bed and raised the mattress to reveal an empty storage area beneath .
the basement was split into several chambers , to the left and right of the main storage area .
there was a nice - sized square box - like area in which to put wood for a fire .
there was something she could not identify in the middle of the area so she began walking toward it .
in the area of the bow where she stood , nothing .
fastillions perch was roughly twenty - five paces above the floor of the shrine , which was a circular area of smooth stonework about twenty paces in diameter .
they made no fuss , but took table in the bar area , conversed with a waiter , and sat back , looking around in interest .
even when he was completely drained , he could still feel the storage area there it just felt like an empty tank in his body .
he knew that it was where the lower classes of the city dwelled , so he expected a lot of people crammed into a smaller area .
it was very tricky to control round the clock in one small area just below you , and even harder to channel dreamcasting power through your feet .
the gym was larger , with a hot tub and an empty area that was presumably for free - sparring .
she was still standing at the register- she could go out to the cafe area and take shelter like they had , but she was n't sure if moving was safe .
sam had slipped under the wooden board that employees flipped up to enter the bar area from the caf .
cassie walked out into the caf area and stood next to khalil , choosing her steps carefully to avoid all of the broken glass and plastic .
` ` i think so ... i ca n't believe dwight kept the shop open , '' she said incredulously , taking in the almost full cafe area .
she ran through the door , giving an elderly lady with a walker a fright , and slowed her pace , if only to take a look around the caf area .
wear it under your shirt ; that s what i m going to do , she said , making her way to the caf area where jay was scrubbing down the tables .
the lights from the theater marquees , electronic advertisements , and video screens all blended together , making the whole area look like an immense party room lit by a giant disco ball .
she led them to separate area behind the kitchen with a single long table , situated under an old - fashioned golden chandelier .
watching the hundreds of people walk back to their seats from the cocktail area in twos and threes , she felt frozen , rooted to the spot .
when she sat up , rubbing her head , she realized the spacious area probably belonged to a limo .
the four split up , carthinal and asphodel heading to the temple area , and the others back to the inn .
he came to a pair of gates set in an iron fence , inside of which were grassy areas and water features , with shady walks and hidden areas where a person could sit quietly and read or just think .
i have given him new premises in a much more accessible area , and he has my permission to use my personal recommendation .
i m going down to take a closer look , sapphire announced when she spotted a darkened area that might have been caused by dragon fire .
the lights cast the area in strange shadows .
raymond followed her to an area that looked like a mechanic 's garage .
red carpeting led into a darkened area .
the servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear , turned away with a disgusted groan , and vanished into the storage area , reappearing with a worn , but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad .
he motioned towards the far end of the hall towards a small sitting area where they might speak without disturbing jace or the neighbors .
they bowed themselves in and she motioned for them to be seated off to one side in a less formal sitting area where tea and a tray of sandwiches awaited them .
a buzz went through the crowd and a cheer arose from the open area below ` ` what 's that they are calling her ?
instead , it was a huge bathing area , with individual tubs beside what had once been a long horse trough , raised into the air .
he did nt let go as he led me into a cavernous area filled with bookshelves as far as the eye could see .
i could find an ogre in my car , or a duppy in the sitting area of my favorite coffee shop .
he ate bitter grapes and apples and drank wine as his men carried his seat to the crowning area .
as he entered the capital area , he cast an invisibility spell over himself and his silver dragon .
auron squinted and spotted a circle area in the center of the village .
stealing food from their neighbors and stealing tools from the work area to build their own secret tree house .
the purple globe pushed the fox fiend off the tower , far away from the castle area .
they walked behind a curtain to what appeared to be a small storage area for supplies and a locked door .
they all sat in the waiting area , waiting for the professor to arrive .
ricardo entered the dining area still clutching his stomach .
as she approached their mating area , she watched the organized chaos of it all .
there was no apprehension in her when she entered the lumibugs mating area .
turns left towards the storage area and , with eyes accustomed to poorly lighted , dusky passageways , he slowlynot cautiously but with a pace that permits observationsteps past the thick breathings of bunks and hammocks .
frank had ignored the photos lining the reception areas walls until it had become important for him to tellbrag to ! his high school classmates about his dad , hoping , wanting his dads success to rub off on himfrakes electronics .
it was close to the main game area and if he was nt home , he was sure to be with the others at the game spot .
minutes later , they arrived underneath the area where the eagle was flying .
although i managed to find a place for every item , my area looked like a hoarders paradise .
the only vacant area in the whole court was where the team sits to perform their ritual .
before i could run up the five steps to the stage and order the showoffs to vacate the area , they scattered on their own .
we arrived in the large , downstairs den area .
rubbing my eyes , i walked out into the living room area trying to discover what was happening .
the stage is about two feet shorter than the area we are accustomed to having .
guess that s why the basement area is restricted getting turned around in the dark , i finally had to acknowledge that i was lost .
i have never been inside this building before , so i did nt know where the vulnerable areas are .
the corner cams could be almost justified if spiritually gifted people use it as an arrival area for traveling .
i m sure blitzed is just as secure , but i did nt need to pay any attention because i was invited to the backstage area both times i ve been .
the band members are in , yet another restricted area with two ginormous security guards blocking the entryway .
the backstage area is restricted and the employees smoking area is fenced in with razor wire .
the backstage area is restricted and the employees smoking area is fenced in with razor wire .
my curiosity out in the main area was a morbid , but fleeting phenomenon .
their private areas are covered with what might be tin , at least for the time being .
tucker pleasesmilehomeandrea audrey said when i slipped back into her area .
most of the hook girls serve drinks to the privileged jerkwads in the main area .
there s also a private area , somewhere .
nell told me that the private area hidden inside sizzle is like a fortress inside of fort knox .
lyle took me into a dark , back area and in my normal frame of mind i would have bolted for freedom .
with my signature on your application , your proclivities and your obscene amount of wealth , i judge you wo nt spend more than one week in the general admission seating area .
my mind was churning as i staggered back into the main seating area holding wallys hand .
everything seemed alright until the system indicated chair experience o my private area began warming from the systems generated heat .
the suite holder further relinquishes club sizzle from any injuries to property that might be damaged in the bull pen area .
it was a very large room , with 5 different sitting areas .
ali chose the middle seating area .
paramita signed for the older lady to sit in a different area from where he is sitting at .
they were led to sit at the vip area , which is also under a canvas tent , the seats were plastic covered with linen .
he left the restroom area and went to look for the guards .
the bride was taken out from inside the house to meet with the groom , both of them were led to a seating area where the parents from both the bride and groom were seated on decorated chairs .
ali helped paramita walked to the area where the family was waiting .
the receptionist directed her to the swimming pool area , as the party is held there .
the ground shook again as another metal monstrosity clomped towards the shuttle landing area , and the shaking continued as a large armoured vehicle followed closely behind on rapidly turning wheels that crushed the red rocks underneath it to dust .
the shadow that abe had seen earlier materialized from behind a long , dusty curtain that separated the kitchen from another area of the house .
the only thing i was thinking of was getting to the muster area .
if the alarm had stopped , that meant the muster area had been sealed off already .
reflective granite tiles of black and gold flecks created a pocket area for bathing , and eventually i planned on having walls added for privacy .
he pointed to the area above their heads .
littered with toiletries , and far too many cosmetics and styling tools , the area had nt really been touched since our celebrated day .
just as the woman stepped into the crossing area , where the sign had indicated their rite of passage , the light changed .
all black of course , black marble floors and fireplace , black carpeting , desk , and lamps , and a u shape seating area with fine lounges .
linus washes clothes and other linen ; taco hands out the food stamps every day in the mess area ; felina leads an army of cleaners who keep the camp from getting too filthy , and bouche cooks our food .
a moment later , they reached the south west loading area .
she reached the gilded gate and passed several more guards as she entered the off - limits area , the court of flames .
` ` this leads to a storage area . ''
they walked away from the auction block area , like two little insects in a swarm , beneath the towering , many - handed statue of honggur , god of the free market .
they were walking in the basement of the cathedral , an area used for storage .
in the wall was a small triangular area , a few knuckles across , that looked quite different from the rest .
no one , not even pappi himself , couldenter pappis area of the hotel without being thoroughly searched .
after morning toilet and breakfast , they were lined up and escorted to an area not far from the pagoda that had once been rongongyulas bar and grill .
adjutant , he added , turning to a nearby officer , see these two to the interrogation area , witness protocol seventeen !
* * after watching the interrogation , oselika and teladorion repaired to the visitors area .
kor was distracted from these thoughts as she and those with her arrived at the central area of the temple , a huge room with a high , vaulting ceiling .
above the reception area , karnak noticed a large sign on the wall that read , the rule that does the most good is the right rule .
passing through another door , they entered an area in which the bodies of snakes were being tested .
the area for the particular work group to which 1080 belonged was partitioned off from the rest by a small , rickety fence and a small patrol of beaters .
he had furnished the room , so that she could actually discern a sleeping area , a kitchen area , a dining area , a conversation area , a study area , and an altar .
he had furnished the room , so that she could actually discern a sleeping area , a kitchen area , a dining area , a conversation area , a study area , and an altar .
he had furnished the room , so that she could actually discern a sleeping area , a kitchen area , a dining area , a conversation area , a study area , and an altar .
he had furnished the room , so that she could actually discern a sleeping area , a kitchen area , a dining area , a conversation area , a study area , and an altar .
he had furnished the room , so that she could actually discern a sleeping area , a kitchen area , a dining area , a conversation area , a study area , and an altar .
koof made anguished gestures of frustration and grief , but as talek strode toward the area where the beam struck , koof and the neophytes remained behind .
outside of his room , he made a quick turn to the left using the elasticity of the web to help him and entered the dining area .
halfway down , on the left , in the open the area , are the teachers quarters .
students can walk in the open area , but are not , under any circumstances , to enter the teachers rooms unless invited .
in the opened area was a spout with a rusted metal lever with crust white deposits of minerals at the base of the handle .
as they came out from the shadowed areas , one of the guards doubled over and heaved .
i thought you would have understood by now , he said as he took off his shirt and tossed it into a nearby chair in the viewing area , i learn best by jumping in with both feet .
when we are close to the council room , the ten more senior members will break off and make their way to the council seating area .
once in the capital building , nuevon led the ten senior members to the seating area of the council room .
the living area led to a small kitchen and dining area with outdated appliances and mismatched chairs .
the living area led to a small kitchen and dining area with outdated appliances and mismatched chairs .
the murders and thefts you have had are , likely , him driving people away from his work area , or covering up other crimes .
they shone down on an area sectioned off by two long work tables , one straight and one in an l shape , and it was filled with machining and fabrication equipment .
ironically not far from the machining area .
poking out from behind the inside leg area of the desk and wedged against the wall was a bundle of cloth .
i stood there waiting in a dimly lit area covered with dirty stone walls .
we left the rooms behind us and turned a corner into large seated area .
at the next stop she showed me a small kitchen area .
rhea pushed open the door to reveal a shower area that held small cubicles on either side .
i threw my ragged clothes into the nearest bin and continued out of the shower area .
the slime covered sacks littered around the area , inside something was moving around , trying to claw its way out .
i looked at the room around me , i could hardly call this a stable living area but for now it would do .
it was a crowded area , whereas the others were all in isolated spots .
we head down into the dungeon area where part of it has been converted to do dragon training .
second , galen walked around the only corner in the main room from my tiny kitchen to the even tinier dining area .
i walked up the stairs from the parking area , sandwiched between frost in front and rhys in back .
the viewing mirror in the torture area was set so that you could n't see any of the devices , but andais had made sure that she was horrible enough .
he kept moving into the dining area so it was n't so confrontational , but lucy wanted a confrontation .
if i could run out of the spell area , there would be people .
i walked through the small lounge area with its sofa and line of mirrors , to the real bathroom beyond .
she 'd knocked down some of the walls so that there was a cozy parlor area with a small full bathroom to one side , a small room , just for the hell of it , beside it , and a large bedroom that was all hers on the other side of the parlor .
` ` please go back to the press area . ''
the rest went to a second ambulance or the driver 's area of this one .
doyle positioned himself so he could see the sink area while he questioned the fallen man .
i turned to see him go to the open cabinets above the sink area .
my room should have been three levels down , and nowhere near this area .
batches of plants , even trees , softened the severe , cold marble surroundings , and lounges were laid out in a dozen different areas , where bathers might idle in one another 's company while awaiting their turn at a pool .
she stepped into the area max had protected from eavesdropping via wind furies and arched her eyebrow .
bernard nodded toward the darker area in the middle of the hall where most of the cots and palettes lay .
he handled the lock on the door to the stairway as easily as the others and opened it onto a very different area than on the floors above .
he stepped quickly from the walkway to stand against the outer wall , where he , too , would be in shadow , not backlit from the feeble light falling through the more open areas behind him .
the voice was muffled , but definitely male , and came from the other side of the lighted area .
the envelope landed heavily and skidded to the edge of the lighted area , stirring up dust and paint flecks .
the video cut to a drab press area .
spector took a breath of cool air and walked over to the security area .
he did n't have access to the areas of the hotel that hartmann would be in , except during press conferences .
5:00 p.m. spector sat in the hospital reception area and paged through a copy of reader 's digest .
the lobby area was more crowded than the hallway , but no one seemed to be paying any attention to him .
` ` they 're not letting anybody but passengers with tickets into the boarding area .
` ` it was all over the televisions that infest the passenger waiting areas in laguardia - how lonely your capitalist lives must be , that you use your enormous production to surround yourselves so completely with synthetic company .
golden boy was swinging on the girders overhead toward the area where the men were shooting .
the men and the women and the children were separated , forced into different areas on the slave deck .
the bottom level appeared to be a storage area for the boats and other recreational miscellany .
i glanced at the big filing cabinet in the receptionist 's area .
her grandson is in the icu waiting area , if you want to see him . ''
he was in one of those waiting areas that 's just a little nook lined with chairs and littered with coffee cups and old magazines .
rob looked as if he did n't know what to do with us once we 'd gotten to the sheriff 's office , so he stuck us in one of the interview rooms , told us where the snack and drink machines were , and said there were some magazines in the waiting area if we wanted to go get them .
the one i tracked left the cemetery , then went to where i met you by your bike , then i caught a similar scent not far from here , in the area of your apartment .
circling the area , he watched for a petite chess shark sitting on one side of a game board .
one section of the warehouse had been framed in as an office area that could provide six to eight average - size rooms .
the hangar had n't been as bright inside , and it had been more open , with fewer shelves and minimal office area .
just as her boot touched the concrete floor , the door to the office area opened and a slim woman of average height walked out .
turning toward the area in the gargantuan warehouse that had been sectioned off into offices , kit said over her shoulder , ` ` how does my son know you , evalle ? ''
she opened the door to the offices and passed through an interim sitting area furnished with blue leather chairs and a sofa .
lanna 's suitcase had exploded in the living area , clothes tossed right and left .
he envisioned kizira inside his mind , in that private area that no one had ever entered until she 'd rushed past his mental shields during conlan 's mind probe .
` ` i 'll walk storm down to the delivery area with me .
when the chauffeur closed the privacy window to the passenger area and drove off , evalle mumbled , ` ` thought quinn wanted you to go to the hotel . ''
i was hoping if i went back to the main study area , i could talk to kristin and julia .
honestly , if i had wanted to i could have blasted the front desk area to smithereens .
there 's a central area in the room delineated by art deco - style metal columns .
i retreat into the observation area on the left , and sink down at one of the small tables .
the doors opened into a reception area with more guards and a couple of people sitting behind their desks , typing or maybe just trying to look busy .
drake followed justice into a huge , brightly lit area .
` ` this wing of the facility is the taupe area .
justice led him down the corridor and into the central area .
the fierce persian sun had set over an hour ago , and michael and rusty were sitting in the area called the junk yard , aft of the island , sheltered a bit from the wind by one of the tilly cranes .
he signed in at the security desk in the lobby and rode up to the seventh floor , turned right down the corridor ( fish and game was to the left ) , and came to a reception area where half a dozen clerks and agents were hustling around pretending they knew what they were doing .
the next day , michael and rusty , along with two blue helmets - lieutenant bedeau and marlon , another french soldier - decided to sweep through the refinery area to the south of the administration building , where crews were scheduled to begin work .
they walked along a large open area set in the middle of the cluttered refinery : weapons shouldered , their kevlar vests unbuttoned against the day 's broiling heat - michael , against orders and his own nagging paranoia , was entirely bare - chested in the fierce sunlight .
i 'd thought there would be offices , but it was just a big unfinished area .
he strode purposefully toward the area of the square typically used by knights aeris for landings and takeoffs .
that area of the camp was kept policed of detritus and debris , so that the gales caused by fliers ' windstreams sent a minimum number of objects flying around .
gaius stepped out onto the swept - clean stones of the flight area .
the ceilings were high enough even for the ten - foot cane to stand erect , if he wished , and the cell was divided into a living area , a bedroom , and small dining area .
the ceilings were high enough even for the ten - foot cane to stand erect , if he wished , and the cell was divided into a living area , a bedroom , and small dining area .
the rope hauled the cane roughly over the parapet , just as the gargoyles slammed against the area he 'd previously occupied .
there were a couple of cries of pain , then they emerged from the darkness and into another furylit area .
he pocketed the coins and led them into the entry hall , a large room obviously used as a reception area , centered around a large ( and largely defunct ) fountain with its own pool .
as they approached what tavi recognized as the command area of the canim force , they came upon a nightmare made flesh .
durias took them past the canim hospital area and nodded at a patched old aleran legion pavilion , converted into a tent with the addition of what looked like reused canvas sails .
they took her to a small , open area directly before the wall where the duel was to take place .
the last rest area i 'd spotted had been a broken - down , scary - looking affair that would have made the most hardened long hauler keep on truckin ' , but pretty soon cleanliness was n't going to matter nearly as much as availability .
kevin steered me off into the casino area , and we strolled past one bar , heading past slots , more slots , keno , blackjack .
we turned left at the t intersection , away from the casino area and into what looked like ( to my instant , back - brained delight ) a shopping mall .
there was no plastic divider between me and quinn , and i was starting to wonder what the effects of a decent wind gust would be inside the passenger area of a taurus , but then quinn took an abrupt right turn , up a long , wide drive .
the gaming area was virtually identical to the bellagio 's ; only the wallpaper and carpeting and uniforms were different .
he strong - armed me up to one of those areas labeled private , guarded by not one but two strong - looking guys in discreet blazers with not - so - discreet bulges under their arms .
i ignored him and focused on the wind , sent it spinning through the casino area , flipping cards into the air , sending dice tumbling off of the tables .
i walked out into the living area again , which was drenched in early - morning butterscotch sunlight .
at the last place on the list , southern sanitation , i had no more than parked the car when i saw a white and blue truck pull out of the gated parking area .
he had a small waiting area with a few chairs , a desk , and an exam room , near the jail .
the pictures in here were prettier than the ones in the waiting area , good watercolors that might be worth something .
he stood , crossing past us into the waiting area .
it was a makeshift jail at best , a small area barred off for town drunks .
eyes watering , i cracked the back window and wished i could crawl all the way back to the cargo area .
he cradles it between his palms and walks a slow circuit around the area .
but in my absence , he 'd fixed up the area with a couple of potted plants , cushions min had embroidered , and candles .
the sunken fighting area spanned twenty by twenty meters , not too much space in which to run .
once the tour ended , i enlisted her help in decorating private rooms that had been passed over in favor of attention to the public areas , like the throne room .
his gray gaze sought and found me by the patio doors , where i had been gazing out into the backyard , where chuch intended to build a play area for cami but had n't gotten around to it yet .
this was n't a large trailer , but it had a kitchenette , along with some typical mobile features like a table and dinette , a small living area , minuscule bath , and a bedroom large enough to house a queen - sized bed .
isaac stopped dead just inside the waiting area .
while she ate , he got up and paced around , memorizing everything from the pictures on the walls to the photos around the couch and sitting area .
the master bedroom was a sprawl with its own sitting area , fireplace , and french doors that opened to what he guessed was a private terrace .
tavi walked up to mistress cymnea 's pavilion , a ring of large , garishly colored tents , pitched together to form a large circle around a central area like a courtyard , leaving only a narrow walkway between tents to allow entry .
he eased up next to her , lying on his stomach beside her and staring out and down through the tree 's branches , into a small , semicircular area located within one of the larger fissures in the stone hills .
there was a sudden , furious wave of canim howls and war cries , and more ropes and hooks were thrown up along the whole length of the wall , just as another group of canim appeared from their rear areas and charged forward , bearing another heavy ram .
like the larger area they 'd just come through , it was expensive and absent of the kind of warmth that would make it more than simply a room .
a crack split through the panel , and rook drew aside a wooden section that concealed a storage area behind it .
they went through the parlor area , raucous with the j -jazz flowing from twelve finger jake 's nimble digits and the chatter of thirty girls and fifty prospective johns , up a flight of stairs , and down a corridor ending in closed double doors guarded by a couple of werewolves wearing mae west masks identical to brennan 's .
elsewhere around the reception area , various distinguished ace visitors had transmuted a chrome ashtray into some kind of weird purple glass , twisted steel bars into new and fanciful shapes , and constructed a perpetual - motion machine that had been whirring happily away for four years now .
jay looked around the reception area , made the gun shape with his fingers , and pointed at a long chrome - andleather sofa .
the elegant ambience disappeared as he entered what was obviously a shipping and receiving area .
there was a small , glassed - off office in one corner of the shipping area .
brennan went silently through the shipping area , creeping closer to the office until he could hear what wyrm was saying .
they seemed to be in some kind of file - storage area .
a huge living area with white carpeting formed the other half of the loft .
brennan crept down the hallway and peered into the living area .
the side entrance is the mellow area of the small school , leading right into where my english class is .
i tousle my hair with my fingers and stare at the karaoke stage area in the corner .
he struts toward the back area of the restaurant and raven whispers in my ear , ` ` he 's screwing the waitress . ''
i fan my face and blink my eyes until we break through the mist and into the main area .
we create a wide path with her wings as we weave around the room , toward the common area , a small room just behind the stage .
my feet slow as i reach the cubby area in the corner .
i head towards the seating area .
alton leads me over to the concession area with his hand resting on the small of my back , effortlessly steering me through the crowd .
i ' m even allowed into areas which would normally be off - limits , like the maternity ward on the second floor .
i let my senses drift through the areas below deck .
she danced backward , almost tripped over the woman , who was coming to her feet with a brutal look on her face , and retreated to the empty narrow area between the stalls and the wall .
she drew stares as she stalked through the baggage - claim area , lean and elegant in her designer clothes .
beyond that was a thick leather couch and widescreen hdtv that doubled as manny 's living area .
every day , they met in the elevator , or in the coffee room , or in the administrative area - still empty - between their two offices .
after negotiating security again , jazz got on the phone to lucia in the waiting area , exchanging information in short , vivid bursts .
lucia asked as jazz watched a family of five meander its way into the gate area .
a soft - drink machine glowed and hummed at the far wall , but the lights were at half power , and the kids ' area at the far side of the room with all its grimy , battered plastic toys lay silent and abandoned .
pansy screamed something unintelligible at him and tackled him ; they tumbled together , off balance , back out into the reception area between the offices .
jazz did a combat - crawl across the floor , keeping close to the wall , and when she was far enough , rose to a crouch and moved fast out into the darker area beyond .
but when they sat down at the table in the visitor 's area - no claustrophobic booths here , it was just open plain tables with preformed benches , much more accessible - and mccarthy walked in from the prisoner 's door , the first one of them he smiled at was lucia , and that look ... that was a look jazz had never seen in his eyes before .
the kitchen where jazz sat could have been lifted from a model home , with wood cabinets and glossy appliances , double steel sinks , and a spacious bar area with high - backed stools .
up the six concrete steps to the flat staging area .
jazz and lucia just drafted on the first one 's key card through the big glass doors into the work area .
the server room doors , labeled with warnings for halon gas systems , plus restricted access , security area signs , were unlocked .
the cab was only able to get so far before we were met with the barricade that cut off the road from the backstage area .
she pushed past the guard and disappeared into the darkening area behind the stage .
at the stage area , a few lucky souls were lined up along the side , while sound technicians fiddled with the board and roadies ran about with instruments .
the lights went dim , the audience erupted into applause , and one by one i saw the band leaving the backstage area to walk onto the stage , a spotlight shining down on each of them as they took their place .
jacob and i had entered one of the doors built into the rock face and we emerged in a lounge area that ran along the dressing rooms .
i gave the jerkasses in the waiting area one last look before the door closed behind me .
me and the bottle made it out into the clean ( and seemingly pure in comparison ) waiting area where the journalists and minglers were still hanging about .
i pushed my way through the sweaty crowd , noelle`s basslines rumbling beneath my feet , and climbed the stairs to the backstage area .
i was hanging out in the backstage area where all the drinks and food had been set up , all fold - out tables and metal chairs , picking at some vegetables and dip that tasted like it had been left out in the sun for too long .
i used most of my time to watch the band from different areas of the venue and tried to pick up the flavor of the crowds .
i looked around the backstage area .
we rounded the corner , away from the backstage area , before mickey lit up .
` ` thanks , '' i told chip and ran over to the payphone inside the backstage area .
the backstage area was n't some dingy dressing room or cramped lounge , but a bunch of mobile trailers scattered about in a pastoral setting behind the big stages .
still , i scampered to the other side of the pool area so i was facing my door - which was wide open - and the rest of the motel and leaned against the white guard rail that went around the glowing aqua water .
when the band was finished and slogged off the stage with heavy hearts and shoulders , i walked to the backstage area to go wait for sage .
i took in the view from the stage one last time and headed back into the backstage area .
we followed her sharp little marilyn monroe walk out into the pick - up area , where a ton of funny - looking cabs and giant black town cars were all vying for space , honking like their lives depended on it .
after we waved our passes at the theater 's bouncer , who scrutinized mine until the roadie had to tell him who i was , we stepped inside to the smoke - filled backstage area .
the afternoon was a sloppy soundcheck at the venue we were playing at , a tiny hole - in - the - wall - type bar that barely had a backstage area .
i walked down the aisle , opened the door , and passed through the accordion - like area between the cars , the ribbed bottom of the train moving beneath my feet .
the whole area above the crypt sunk in as well , the tombstones sinking further into the earth .
this brought him into an area stacked with lumber and piles of cloth .
dibbler 's expression was the expression worn by something long and sleek and white as it swims over the reef and into the warm shallow waters of the kiddies ' paddling area .
the wizards skulked , or in the dean 's case , squelched furtively through the backstage area and into the darkened , bustling auditorium , where windle poons was keeping some seats free by the simple expedient of waving his stick at anyone who came near them .
lu - tze walked his little crab - monkey walk to the little area at the far end of the walled garden which contained his heaps , the flowerpot stacks , and all the other cosmetics of the garden beautiful .
it is not exactly built , but put together over the years as the areas of repair join up , like a sock made entirely of dams .
this was an unknown and shadowy area , terror incognita , where the flesh of carpets and the plaster pillars ran out and the stone bone of the castle showed through .
they opened out eventually into a bare area , nothing more than a large light well for the buildings around it .
there was a tiny area of lighted tiling in the darkness , containing the distant vision of a table , a few chairs , a kitchen dresser- -and someone .
he hammered the nail into the air about five feet up at the edge of the tiled area .
the dean was hunched over the furnace in the workshop area , with a smoked - glass mask over his face and a hammer in his hand .
' listen , ' said glod , as the cart trundled into the backstage area , ' someone 's already playing .
they say : may you live in interesting times this is where the gods play games with the lives of men , on a board which is at one and the same time a simple playing area and the whole world .
there was a little raised area that might have looked like part of the frame , but as her fingers moved across it there was a ' click ' and the mirror swung inwards a fraction of an inch .
there was something like a desk in the tiny area of floor not occupied by the props .
the dean stopped by the door to the boiler area .
i think we can get it to the right area , sir .
qu himself , his straw hat protecting his head from the hot sun , was supervising his assistants in a vined - off area .
the university classrooms were designed on the funnel principle , with tiers of seats - polished by the bottoms of the disc 's greatest mages - looking precipitously down into a central area where there was a workbench , a couple of blackboards and enough floor space for a decent - sized instructional octogram .
most of the older witches were sitting at trestle tables in a huge roped - off area .
right beside it , if you knew what you were looking for , an area of wall about the size of a small door looked lighter than the rest of the stones .
` ` and this is a food preparation area , you know ! ''
in the clearing , several men were digging the vegetable area , and lots of people were hanging around the door , so she landed back in the woods , shoved the broom into a rabbit hole and her hat under a bush , and walked back on foot .
he did n't head for the main gates but for an otherwise undistinguished area of wall where a few loose stones had , for two thousand years , offered students an unobtrusive way in after lights - out .
and most of the merchandise was available in sator market , which over the years had grown , stall by stall , until the newcomers were up against the ancient stones of the university itself ; in fact they made a handy display area for bolts of cloth and racks of charms .
the sergeant stared fixedly at an area a few inches to the right of the duke 's chair .
there was a partition , still in that warm shade between tan and brown , that separated the break area from the office space .
the detectives moved out of the little partitioned area .
one of the reporters was banging on the door angrily , shouting at us to open up , saying that this was a public area .
apparently , i 'd left my sunglasses in the break area of the fael .
they got me to my feet , and we were running for the counter and the back area .
one was smaller and more intimate , if you could use that word for a space large enough to hold the dining room , kitchen , entrance , foyer , and a small sitting area off to one side .
it was one of the few carpeted areas in the house , so water tracked in here would be a problem , which was why it was isolated from most of the other rooms , and did n't have a door connecting to the beach .
i had shielded heavily when i entered this area of the forensics labs because it was the room where they kept the really powerful magical items that they did n't know what to do with , or were in the process of de - magicking , or figuring out a way to destroy that would n't blow up other things .
as one of the main dining areas for the extensive cadwaladr clan , there were many tables , but only one was occupied .
he slid out of bed and left the chamber , heading toward the main area where they ate .
briec looked up , shocked to see a serious and still fully dressed gwenvael coming back into the main dining area .
cutting through the training grounds and past some of the barracks , dagmar headed to the large training area that was hers and hers alone .
izzy stepped into the training area .
` ` i do n't know who that is , '' he muttered , turning away and looking over the blacksmith 's work area .
morfyd went to the middle of the tent , raised her hand , and unleashed a smal spel that would seal the area around the tent with a barrier , giving them some privacy for a few minutes .
the areas are being blocked from one another , but i ' m not sure why or who is doing it .
having no desire to experience that , he unleashed his lightning on the rocky area above .
` ` she was out in the training area .
after several minutes , they made it to the back of the home and into an open area with grass and a covering over the top made of more white linen and large , leafy trees .
this outside area was filled with women , men , and children .
throwing herself into the safety of what she knew - battle and war and weapons - izzy walked over to a clear area and lifted the sword .
` ` perhaps you 're right , '' he allowed , steering into the empty common 's area .
its lines were sharp and aesthetically pleasing , and the cabin area was covered in windows tinted black .
` ` no , thanks , '' i answered , plopping down on one of the lounge chairs decorating the expansive deck area .
at the opposite end of the room , four sets of french doors were open , revealing an expansive outdoor patio area also lit by candlelight .
his gaze was unnerving , and my eyes could n't keep hold of his stare , so they searched around the expansive , adjoined living and dining room area .
blankets were spread al over and around the entire area , a good six inches deep .
when she returned to the hall , another man had crowded into the little landing area , this one tall and blond , wearing muddy jeans and boots .
breaking into the main seating and adjoining office areas , she found the doomsday brethren 's mates all staring at the door , as if awaiting her .
the wide - open area up ahead had a bank of desks where the pool of admin support people worked .
no damage in the lobby - well , some of the waiting area 's chairs had been blown back , but there 's no evidence of a detonation - no ring of impact .
next to the refrigerator , there was a narrow half door that led into a shallow , sheetrocked area under the eaves of the roof .
about a hundred yards through the prison 's maze later , veck was shown into a visiting area that was the size of a small cafeteria , and made up like one as well , with long tables that had seats on both sides .
` ` we ' ve put you both in the contact visiting area as a courtesy , but i ' m going to have to ask you to keep seated with both hands on the table at all times , detective . ''
the area was small , but still managed to hold a variety of food and game booths .
the building was n't yet fully operational , but the lobby area was completed and an office for the sales team and property manager was open for business .
warm , stagnant air rushed around them , in stark contrast to the cooler air - conditioning of the occupied areas .
they moved to a hidden bank of elevators that descended into off - limits areas of the building .
a waiting area to the right was occupied with a dozen demons of various classes , all bitching about the wait .
pendant lamps hung over various island stations , spotlighting specific work areas but leaving the rest of the space in deep shadow .
she was about to ask alec when she found herself standing in the reception area of her office .
the apartment was expansive and bilevel , with vaulted ceilings and steps up to the open dining area and kitchen , as well as a guest bath and bedroom .
by the time she reached the seating area , two glasses had materialized on the coffee table in front of him .
shaking off his lingering disquiet , reed set off toward the main reception area where he could inquire about the location of montevista and sydney .
reed massaged eve 's shoulders as they stood in the common area hallway and watched his parents disappear into alec 's condo .
` ` detectives , '' she said in greeting as she spotted the two familiar figures waiting in the receptionist 's area of her office .
as eve entered the reception area , candace stood and offered a slight wave .
a dozen men in tool belts and hard hats littered the area .
` ` the common areas .
catching her elbow , he led her through her bedroom to the bathroom , which was separated from the sleeping area by her closets .
pendant lamps hung over various island stations , spotlighting specific work areas .
reed avoided the elevator and moved to the reception area instead .
a small fridge sat by the dresser and the sink waited beyond that , conveniently - though unattractively - built outside the shower and toilet area .
alec bypassed the patio area of the masonry at a run , heading toward the main gate that led to the street .
eve took off running toward the back of the lot , skirting all the statuary and fountains that littered the patio area of the showroom .
reed shifted from behind the desk to the waiting area .
reed spun around and headed back into the waiting area .
kobe headed toward the tucked - away bank of elevators that led to the subterranean floors , an area that was restricted to marks and infernal allies and prisoners .
as the floating debris in the compact delivery area finally began to dissipate , his suspicions were confirmed .
skirting his way past the public restrooms , he ducked into the employees - only area .
izzie and laurel were in the master bedroom , which shared a wall with the room she occupied but was farther away from the common areas .
they left the large waiting area and ascended a short flight of steps up to an expansive loft .
reed caught her elbow and led her down the long hall , away from the traffic and infernal stench that distinguished the lobby area .
the others moved with gadara over to the tent area to be outfitted with their armbands .
they waited at the start of the street that led into the training area .
footsteps thundered up the stairs , the pounding beat echoing through the hallway and reception area .
reed took in the view he had missed in his first visit to the training area .
` ` you ca n't tell that from the public areas . ''
and with that , she left the reception area .
it felt like i was walking up the same area as i had the week before .
i looked around the busy gate area , at the nameless people sitting about and decided i should probably use the bathroom before i got on the plane .
the bed is made , there seems to be a separate room with a living area , divided only by a japanese - type paper partition , and i can just see a rather opulent looking bathroom jutting out to the right .
suddenly , that slightly see - through partition between the bedroom and the living area is giving me the creeps , like i can sense someone standing behind it .
i feel a cold waft come in from the living room area , and i automatically rub my hands up and down my arms .
the rest of hotel room , including the bathroom and the living area , are only lit by residual light .
we often heard people walking around in the upper dining area ( when we knew no one was up there ) and we managed to get that on film .
he poked around the area beside the wheel , lifting up a few panels .
the galley was tiny , as were the two back cabins and the living area .
he had lifted up one of the benches and was pulling out a long yellow rope out of a hidden storage area .
he pointed to the cliff area .
the nearest lights were emanating from the victoria area , and though they caused the clouds above them to glow a sickly orange color , they were n't powerful enough to intrude celestially over here .
the other sound was coming from the area where dex had been looking , where our bags and gear were .
i kept running and was about to round the next one , the area where the dying vines overwhelmed the cracked and pebbly walls , when dex appeared .
the clunks continued sporadically , coming from the beach area .
there was a half - lit desk inside the lobby area with a placard that could have said ` ` administration '' but i was n't sure .
we got to the very end of the floor area and poked our heads around a slight corner .
i rang the doorbell and waited , admiring the good shape of the small porch area they had outside , the relative calm and ease that the eloquent but tightly packed neighborhood gave off .
the house was very bare and tidy at the area around the door .
then i went around the bar area , searching every table and booth .
and judging by the dim light that streamed in through the windows as i was escorted into the waiting area , it was three in the afternoon , the next day .
marcus nodded , his eyes going over to the other side of the restaurant where perry was coming out of the washroom area .
if this was a boarding house once , this must have been the breakfast area or a lounge , a place for people to relax and get some sunshine .
there were two rooms at the end and a bathroom , something i assumed either richer boarding guests or the owners would use , but the rest of the area was one big game room with leather couches still covered in plastic , shelves of books and game boards and picture windows .
then , depending on what we felt about each floor , or if there were any particular areas that stood out to us from the tour , we would start concentrating our efforts there .
it was a way to get the bodies from the morgue or autopsy areas out of the building and into the hearses outside .
even though the lounge was tastefully furnished , resembling a trendy waiting area for a downtown office more than a staff break room , there was something in the air that reminded you where you were : miles above sea level on the oregon coast , locked in an old sanatorium where thousands of children died , spending the night and hoping to film at least one of the many ghosts who were rumored to live here .
just then i noticed the area behind him lighten up slightly , providing a faint outline of his silhouette .
they could set up a nice little area for themselves upstairs and no one would know . ''
outside there was a large play area - a small grassy field lined with flower beds , a baseball diamond , a woodchip flecked jungle gym complete with swings and slides .
tonight , however , we 're going to explore the chute and the playground area where many of the children used to play . ''
' i just hunts under the whole cattle - market area .
i did n't waste time ; i hit the manual locks on everything i could reach , then slithered over the back into the trunk area and tried to find a manual lock for the trunk lift .
veradis gave her a strained nod as they moved out of the circled furylamps of the landing area .
she hurried off the landing area as other fliers descended , nodding to amara and to veradis .
then she whirled and strode back into the area from which she had stared at the battle before .
the ground all around the blast area was several inches lower than it had been a moment before and smoothed to glowing glass .
one breach appeared atop the wall , and another , and bernard dispatched reserves to reinforce the weakened areas .
it was often an area used for cool storage on a steadholt .
on our way to the rest of the park , we walked by the area that led to the cat house attractions ; we could hear the roar of a lion .
he even followed us into the girls ' changing area . ''
however , thinking about ryder following us into the changing room area really made me anxious .
brandon eventually found us standing in the waiting area .
` ` now , how about winning you girls some more prizes at the game area ? ''
the windmane screamed , and half a dozen of its fellows came looping down and around the area near where tavi had fallen , spinning and spiraling , searching for him .
the granary , she knew , would be within the central enclosure , along with the kitchens , the living areas , and several smaller holding pens for animals , usually used only in emergencies .
she shouted , when she reached the command area over the gates .
i had a secure phone setup in my office area , and vpn access to the warden 's database systems back in new york ; i logged in and began reviewing files .
i was settled in an uncomfortable hard plastic seat in the baggage claim area , watching the arriving passengers .
i bumped up a ramp into a deserted parking area - some kind of office building , marked as condemned .
the broken remains of our windshields and windows rose up in a glittering curtain from the pavement , liquefied into a pool in each open area , and then solidified into clean , clear safety glass .
next stop was the secured parking area , and as the doors opened , i was relieved to see the familiar form of david leaning against a support pillar , looking deceptively casual .
david nodded , and the three of us left the treatment area .
` ` thanks , '' i said , as it rumbled up to the open area with snack machines and the ice maker .
he did , and in thirty seconds he 'd come out and made his way over to the seating area .
it was a common layout for a modern place : there were areas defined by the tall statue in the middle , like an angel garden or a cross area , to help visitors navigate to the correct gravesite .
it was a sheer relief to go out into the living room area and watch the stupidest movie i could fine .
when we 'd been there forty - five minutes or longer , he appeared at the door into the examining area .
without waiting for anyone to speak , i left harvey branscom 's office and went down a corridor and through a door into the reception area .
she pointed at the chairs in the same reception area where i 'd waited so nervously to see tolliver the day before .
i went back out into the living room area to get a drink .
there was an eat - in area at one end of the room , and the gray winter sky loomed through the large windows around that table in an unpleasant way .
a few people were still milling around the reception area , gobbling up the rest of the shrimp and ladyfingers .
laurence said now ; the hands were clustered about an oddly placed bulkhead towards the stern area of the hold , neglecting the work of cataloguing the captured ship 's stores .
we are each given our own chambers that have a bedroom , a dressing area , and a private bathroom with hot and cold running water .
a lifetime of watching the hunger games lets me know that certain areas of the arena are rigged for certain attacks .
to that area of the arena that drops off into i do n't know what .
i find myself in a poorly lit area under the stage .
there 's a large tiled area in the center of the room that serves as everything from a dance floor , to a stage for the performers who come and go , to another spot to mingle with the flamboyantly dressed guests .
i stand alone in a small roped - off area with peeta and haymitch in a similar pen to the right of me .
when we make our way into the dining area , i see some of peeta 's gang have other ideas .
my mother and prim had set up a medical area for the injured and were attempting to treat them with whatever they could glean from the woods .
literally , they wheeled his hospital bed into some top secret area and now he only occasionally shows up for meals .
enclose an area and leave a mouth of a couple square feet .
i grab my tray , cross to the deposit area , and slam the dishes onto the rack .
certain areas of the walls are stone , while steel beams and concrete heavily reinforce others .
as boggs tells finnick and me to report to the area that matches our assigned quarters - in my case e for compartment e - plutarch strolls up .
ready your living area .
a hovercraft takes us to , of all places , 12 , where a makeshift transportation area has been set up outside the fire zone .
the interior of the box was likewise only half - solid - a wide , low bench that appeared intended for maneck 's barrel - like form and also a smaller area set into the wall where ramon himself might sit , legs pulled up to his chest .
that morning , i signed in at the reception area , clipped my tag on my loose white shirt - which was subbing for a cover - up later at the beach - and exchanged chitchat with the receptionist , a gorgeous african - american woman named monet .
i took his arm , and we walked out of the pool area onto the deep pile carpet past the front desk .
the pool area 's closed for the night , '' she said .
simple decisions - whether to heat up a frozen dinner for his evening meal or grab a sandwich at the red apple and go up to the picnic area by runway 3 , for example - had become difficult , almost agonizing .
he walked helen toward the little office area behind the cash register .
it was just ed deepneau who worked down the coast at hawking labs - one of those eggheads , the old guys who played chess at the picnic area out on the extension would have said , but still a nice enough fella for a democrat .
he got up , put her letter in his back pocket , and started up harris avenue toward the picnic area on the extension .
faye chapin , don veazie , and some of the other old - timers who hung out at the picnic area up by runway 3 ( they would retire to the jackson street billiard emporium once indian summer broke and the weather turned cold ) saw that smile as just another indicator that old dor , poetry books or no poetry books , was essentially brainless .
one of them had been a cop named aloysius nell - mr . nell to generations of derry children walked up toward the picnic area near and it was only now , as he the place where harris avenue became the harris avenue extension , that it occurred to ralph that chris nell was probably old mr . nell 's son ... except that could n't be quite right , because the cop ralph had first seen in the company of john leydecker was n't old enough to be old mr . nell 's son .
it was in the picnic area that lafayette chapin ha ralph to one of life 's most important considerations ... once you 'd become a bona ride old crock , that was .
now , with mcgovern safely behind him ( at least he hoped so ) , ralph stepped through the screen of mixed oak and maple which shielded the picnic area from the extension .
ralph remembered this morning - a thousand years ago , now - walking back down the street from the picnic area , running over his short list of acquaintances , trying to decide whom he should talk to .
` ` okay , so say there are quite a few of these fellows around , '' ralph told a sparrow which had just lit on the picnic area 's litter barrel .
ralph did n't understand everything yet , but he thought he understood a great deal more than he had , and if his sudden flash of insight at the picnic area had any validity at all , telling mcgovern what had happened to his panama would serve absolutely no purpose even if bill believed him .
lois dug her elbow into ralph 's side , started to point toward an area beyond the central information booth , realized there were people all around them , and settled for lifting her chin in that direction instead .
the four of them were now levitating slowly into the corridor of what had to be the pediatrics wing - fairy - tale creatures pranced and gambolled up and down the walls , and characters from disney 's aladdin and the little mermaid were decaled onto the windows of a large , brightly lighted play area .
at the far side of the viewing area , she actually seemed to curve for a moment before passing out of view .
the reception area was almost ostentatiously plain .
ralph knew it was possible , but felt he could reasonably hope that so far they had escaped much notice and concern , at least from his circle ; faye and the rest of the folks who hung out in the picnic area near the extension would be in too much of a dither over the passing of not just one old crock colleague but a pair of them to spend much time wondering about where ralph roberts had gotten his skinny old ass off to .
the drive - through area in front of the civic center 's bank of entrance doors was even busier than the parking lot .
the reddish splotches of spoor led them across the packed - dirt area where the midway stood during county fair week , then to the racetrack , where the pacers ran from may to september .
ralph thought this must be the same set of defunct tracks which ran along the edge of the airport and past the picnic area where faye chap ' in might even now be brooding over the seedings in the upcoming runway 3 classic .
on the far side of the apartment was another , higher arch , through which they could see a jumbled , surreal storage area .
standing on the other side of the arch , in atropos 's grim little apartment , this storage area had looked large .
stan and georgina eberly were drinking beer and twiddling forks with hotdogs impaled upon them in the heat - shimmer - to ralph that shimmer was a strangely dry pink , like coral - colored sand - above the picnic area 's barbecue pit .
they went from the picnic area at the end of runway 3 back to strawford park in that same fashion , only the glide was faster and more pronounced now .
there was a small flat area there , circular in shape , about the size of a nightclub stage .
jack uttered a curse and started to pull and shove people out of his way as he tried to cross the waiting area .
as she passed the receptionist 's area , goldberg looked up .
a sign in front of a curtained - off area said to watch for the latest addition to the entertaining yet informative displays , earth vs .
the only light in the bar area came from the neon beer signs and the television .
aces high occupied the entire floor , its dining areas terraced so all the customers might enjoy the magnificent views its altitude afforded in all directions .
there were over a hundred people in the main dining area , drinking cocktails , nibbling on delicious - looking hors d'oeuvres , and talking in small groups and large parties .
dock area , maybe .
each area was on its own level , each a step or two up or down from the ones around it .
he turned off the shower and walked across the cold tile floor to the locker area , still favoring his foot .
he wandered into the equipment room , past the caged - off space that held bats and gloves and beat - up practice balls , into the trainer 's area .
he walked back toward the dressing area , trying to limp as little as possible .
she felt like a kid on christmas morning as she walked around the large room that had a king - size bed , a little living - room area , kitchen and study .
her heels clicked on the flagstones , and she whistled a low note between her teeth as the balcony widened into a large seating area .
i just wanted to make money , thought moist , as he led the trembling miss drapes back to the area where cabs dared to go .
` ` area 's secure , '' he said , holding up a second lantern .
dozens of white - clothed tables sat in this area , shadowed behind the pillars and beneath the overhang .
sazed , breeze , spook , and allrianne sat in one of these partitioned - off areas among the shelves of food .
sazed turned , making his way back down and over to the far side of the cavern - to where a large group of soldiers worked in an area well lit with lanterns .
they were coming from the center of the shining area .
the bandits behind had n't noticed waxillium 's floor - level escape on the platter ; they were closing on the area where he 'd been hiding .
they sat in the kitchens of yomen manor , in a side area that the constables had partitioned off for interviews .
he had met them in a large and surprisingly normal reception area .
i followed him down a hallway and into a kitchen area .
we walked the hallways or outside commons areas together .
every time i visited pine tree village , i was always greeted by the receptionist , who had me sign in and pointed me to an area where the staff could use an extra hand .
but of course the hours spent alone with the un - man were like hours in a back area .
once , the roar of multiple windstreams deafened them and kicked up clouds of dust as several knights aeris went streaking over their position in a long , arching curve , perhaps seeking to flank some enemy element back in the main area of the fray .
the first spear turned on a heel and marched back out toward the palisades , taking a route that would let him walk past the barracks area of the legion 's knights .
we 're going to ride around the main area of engagement , come in from the side . ''
the truck leaned and wove over the damaged road surfaces around the outside edges of the camp before reaching the loading area behind the labs .
fitz 's camp upgrade had ended with the defenses and the main areas .
the walls , back and floor of the enclosure were solid with bars to the top and front , limiting his field of vision to the area right in front and above .
they marched him around the back of the raised seating area and toward the cage .
the thought spurred her on and she headed for the holding area .
it gave way to a larger area , opening up to reveal another holding room .
she made it past the new ra holding area , through the corridor where she 'd met fredericks and his men , and almost to the main holding room before she ran into trouble .
` ` between the sara holding area and the main , '' one of her captors replied , shoving her back down to her knees in front of the colonel .
` ` and this is the main holding area . ''
modo picked up the handles of the barrow again and pushed it thoughtfully towards the secluded area where he kept his bonfire , his compost heaps , his leaf - mould pile , and the little shed he sat in when it rained .
` ` one of them things , yeah ... see , sometimes it just happens a little bit , and you get ghosts , because the life is not in the body any more but it has n't gone ... and you get less of it in the winter , because it sort of drains away , and it comes back in the spring ... and some things concentrate it ... '' modo the university gardener hummed a little tune as he wheeled the strange trolley into his private little area between the library and the high energy magic building , with a load of weeds bound for composthood .
the passage opened up into a wide , bright , domed area .
five of the passages radiated equidistantly - out of the domed area .
she was only vaguely aware that she was passing through an area of the pawnshop where clusters of small statuary and pictures , both framed and unframed , had been gathered together on the dusty shelves .
` ` kitchen here , hide - a - bed here , and a little living - room area here .
she drew an x on the wall of the living - room area , near a tiny rectangle which represented the room 's only window .
that last was the most hideous irony of all , because there was a jack in the corner of the living - room area , and the jack was live - she 'd gone to the phone company on her lunch hour today and paid a deposit .
she walked across the room , pausing to pluck the wal - mart circular from the seat of the chair in the living - room area .
she took it into the kitchen area , set it on the counter , and then turned it around .
she dropped it , and either the bang it made when it hit the pew or her own revolted cry woke a flutter of bats in the shadowy area she supposed was the choir loft .
she looked into the altar area as she passed it , then quickly looked away .
when he finally disembarked in front of terminal a , he slipped on his dark glasses , crossed the street , and made his way to the longterm parking area .
they were halfway back to the picnic area , ankle deep in the water .
he came to a three - way intersection with arrows pointing to the pier , the midway , and the picnic area .
you bet , norman thought , and began to roll his bestickered wheelchair down one of the concrete flower - bordered paths which led into the picnic area .
he moved from the picnic area to the horseshoe pit , where two inept men were playing doubles against two equally inept women .
10 gert walked up the path which led from the picnic area to the main drag , and when she got there she made her way to the entrance booths .
gert stalked back toward the picnic area , her cheeks flaming .
gert hurried back to the picnic area , needing to pee now but ignoring it .
11 norman rolled slowly back down the amusement park midway and toward the picnic area .
on the other side of the grove , in the picnic area , desserts were now being finished up , and when they were gone , the trickle of women coming down here to use the bathroom would become a flood .
he was running down the midway toward the amusements area , running as thoughtlessly as a cow in a stampede , actually running away from the park exits instead of toward them , running toward the pier , running toward the lake , where it would be child 's play to first bottle him up and then bring him down .
she went into the kitchenette area and opened her tiny refrigerator .
he had dragged a kitchen chair into the living - room area and now sat on it backward , with one arm laid over the back and his chin resting on his arm .
between them were the junk shops - narrow , nasty little places whose display areas were crammed with all manner of off world bric - a - brac .
with the clock ticking , he started with a nearby antique secretary propped against the wall between her living area and her kitchen .
with no place left to search except the area immediately around the bed , he walked toward her like a man on a death march .
it burst through the stone floor just inside the pool area , and by the time we got upstairs it had made a hole in the floor up here . ''
it was a long , cold walk from the parking area to the faerie mounds .
wil waited for us in a secluded spot , away from some of the more public access areas .
he surveyed the patio area and the small grassless yard surrounded by a stucco wall .
we streaked across the open area , toward the doorway .
fans milled inside the main retail area , eager to see the man whose latest book still dominated the bestseller lists , even after five weeks .
a mass of chairs had been set up , covering most of the cafe 's normal seating area and spreading out into part of the gardening and maps section of books .
erik had been ensconced in the seattle area long before me , and he was a well - known figure to almost every immortal entity around .
i turned from him and ran down the hall , away from roman , away from seth , away from the main seating area .
we found the vast space empty , save a couple guys installing tables in the seating area .
a podium had been set up in front of a large seating area , though no chairs were left empty .
throne rooms often doubled as the formal eating area in castles , in or outside faerie .
the entire backstage area of the arena was abuzz with post - concert excitement , the last reverberations of thunderous heavy metal echoing off the walls .
she followed , traversing the hallways beyond the backstage area , not letting him out of her sight .
the seats in the upper deck area disappeared into the shadows clinging to the ceiling all around .
given the small area of her bedroom , that brought him almost close enough to touch .
bram crossed into the living area , where he sank into an overstuffed chair , propping booted feet on the table .
a huge bed dominated the room with a sitting area to the left .
howard kept him busy heaving milk and fruit juices up and down the steep cellar steps , and swabbing the floor of the small kitchen area at the back .
sukhvinder had returned to the bar area , gaia was disappearing into the bathroom , and fats was leaning against the trestle table with a beer in one hand and a sandwich in the other .
we ' ve another area at the big stables , not far from here , for jumping practice and instruction .
she wandered out , even at her height ducking under archways , to an open area .
the area smelled musty and the florescent light overhead buzzed softly .
we each grabbed a small tray of champagne filled glasses and headed out of the break room and into the crowded exhibit area .
only two small areas of the castle were exempt ; these were the apartments of the two princes , peter and thomas .
the room had its own kitchen nook and bathroom , and in the living room area there was even an old television set .
she followed the curve of its path , which was guiding her nowhere near the room 's exit but toward the couch in the sitting area .
in the days when this place had been a laundry , back in the pre - rocking - horse age , one area had been partitioned off with some cheap panelling to waist height , to segregate the clerks and the person whose job it was to explain to customers where their socks had gone .
by the looks of the ... organic nature of igor 's work area , he would then be able to help put it back .
convulsive shivering made me move faster , and in seconds i made the tree line , found an appropriately screened area , and took care of bladder issues .
cherise looked up , alarmed , and focused on a man standing near the cars in the fenced - off parking area .
i could hear the whine of the rotors powering down on the helicopter , the hiss of blowing snow , the engines starting in various suvs around the landing area .
` ` nobody but wardens in the secured area , '' one of the guards said .
we passed three closed doors with plastic folder bins on the outside - none of them occupied , apparently , as there were no charts in the bins - and the hallway opened into a large , warm sitting area .
he took her hand and followed dr . lee through the door and into what i presumed was a treatment area .
dead guy in the luggage area , and recently dead , too .
i unbuckled and made my way through the small , cramped area toward the back .
i sat down cross - legged in the middle of the courtyard , noticing that someone had started to set stone tiles into it to create a kind of patio area .
a servant i 'd seen around the castle was painstakingly setting more tiles into the ground , expanding the patio area .
circling around , he headed toward that area .
there were two sets of stairs rising to the dragondeck , one on either side of the foremast , and the area of the forecastle stretching from the foot of these and halfway to the mainmast was by custom allocated to the aviators , while the foremast jacks ruled the remainder of the space up to the mainmast .
an area in the middle of the wall was relatively empty , apparently having been reserved for the commanders .
there was an area set aside for the mice to relieve themselves .
the crowd must have been watching them when he stumbled in , because the rest of the field area was empty .
gregor could tell the roaches ' domain sprawled over a much larger area than regalia or the bats ' caves .
from a giant roach ... his head whipped around the area .
word of what he 'd just done must have been spreading around the arena , because people were rushing toward the cannon area .
apparently regalian spies also had brand - new information and had just locked in on an area where they thought the white rat was hiding .
gregor was directed to an open area in front of the table .
it had plowed into the area that hamnet had raced their party through .
' this is a food - preparation area ! '
a couple of the lads were dribbling in their meticulous and very slow way , but there was no sign of nutt until trev risked his sanity and nasal passages by checking the communal sleeping area , where he found nutt sleeping on his bedroll , clutching his stomach .
juliet had been sucked into the manic circus that was the backstage area of shatta , and no one was paying glenda any attention whatsoever .
this is a - this is quite near a food - preparation area . '
it led to a fenced - off and heavily guarded area , in the centre of which was the archchancellor formerly known as dean , the entire team of ankh - morpork united and his grace the duke of ankh , commander of the city watch , sir samuel vimes , with a face like a bad lunch .
as he left , glenda walked unheeded down the touchline , to the little area where dr lawn was standing guard over his patients .
guards prowled the area , wearing black uniforms despite the heat .
all these groups crisscrossed through an open square of trampled weeds that formed the common area .
egwene hesitated , watching the area where siuan had been .
now , with the swapping of the tower 's corridors , that area of the tower was ... ` ` the novices ' quarters ? ''
the stone was the only fortress she knew of with exercise areas for cavalry - but , then , the stone was far from ordinary .
she was a short woman , but she kept the area behind the bar raised .
his suspicions were confirmed when guybon did not lead them to the grand hall , but down to a quiet area of the palace .
elayne sat on a cushioned chair on the right side of the hall , which had been repurposed with a raised area at the front for the players .
slayer was prowling this area in the wolf dream and there was that wall of glass .
there was no barrier or visible indication on this side , but if perrin guessed right , the area where gateways did n't work matched exactly the area covered by the dome in the wolf dream .
she 'd imposed her will on this area , creating a new room beneath the basements , carved as a pocket in the stone .
egwene appeared in a storage room not far away , then stumbled as a blast shook the area .
the creature made no response , though it did back away , stepping into the darker area between pillars .
she arrived first on the scene , reaching the area where she 'd hidden the horn .
this area pevara walked through was full of trollocs .
this entire area was going to collapse soon .
i walked over to the tiny lunch area , complete with palm trees , bolted - down picnic table , and overflowing trash container nobody seemed to remember to empty .
beyond was a reception area , all blond wood and silver , with a giant picture window at the back .
` ` this is a holding area , '' antoine says , taking us on a tour .
a cavernous room , even larger than the holding area above .
it 's pretty simple - break in , grab prae athim , secure the area around her office and interrogate her there , or else abduct her and make a quick getaway .
for the first time under the high floodlights in the trees he saw a broad parking area and the back two - story servants , wing to the far left where , apparently , felice had been murdered .
lisa and the caterers had laid out hundreds of sterling knives and forks and spoons on the giant dining room table , and galton and his men swarmed over the backyard area , clearing an old parking space behind the servants ' quarters for the refrigerator trucks that would come the day of the banquet .
lisa told reuben that the first thing felix had done on wednesday morning was to commence plans for a sprinkler system to protect the house , hooked to the county water supply , but also to a huge reserve tank that would be installed in the parking area behind the servants ' wing .
does that room go , so to speak , and do we replace it with a bright dining area at the northern end of the pool ? ''
she turned the corner and entered the adjacent , attached room with another breathtaking view of the ocean and a sitting area with a white chaise longue and several comfy - looking chairs .
he ran his hand through his oily , unkempt hair and paced the wide carpeted area between the front pews and the stage .
overflowing beer mugs streamed out of the bar area .
just stepped back and waved a hand down the hall , where it opened up into a large living area .
the room was bigger than my entire house , with a sunken seating area filled with an expensive leather sectional and lots of tasteful artwork .
to the right , a large counter separated the living area from a gourmet kitchen , gleaming with lots of granite and stainless steel .
she raised a hand and pointed a finger toward the closed door next to the waiting area .
while she scurried off , i stepped around the area and approached the shelves where the guys were working .
` ` in there , '' i snapped , pointing to a small consultation room off the main waiting area .
up ahead , the living room and kitchen area were accessed through an archway .
the kitchens and bathrooms were usually especially vulnerable to these booby traps because wizards liked to protect their cooking areas .
the seating area , dining room , and kitchen were open - concept , which made the space feel massive .
the bedroom was designed with a sort of seating area ; an archway divided it from the sleeping area beyond .
the bedroom was designed with a sort of seating area ; an archway divided it from the sleeping area beyond .
he retrieved a file folder from the long granite counter separating his state - of - the - art kitchen from the living area .
i started pacing around the living area .
i knelt down , my knees popping in protest , and squinted into the cave - like area beyond .
light flooded the room , showing that my intruder was still in the mini lounge area with kroger .
adrian kept getting caught destroying mirrors because it drew attention when a man entered a women - only area .
then i was past the vendor area and running for the first stone staircase i saw .
levi gestured for me to walk into the main area of the house .
i remembered the basic layout of the cave and headed back around to the area where fin planned to meet me .
we walked into a large sitting area that held a number of simple cloth couches and a few more elaborately upholstered chairs .
* * * casey was dressed in a pale blue gown when i walked into the sitting area of gareth 's house .
she held open the door to the vending area of the lobby .
i pulled off , looking for a gas station with a covered area and an open twenty - four hours store so mary anne could grab us some food .
delighted they arose as the gentlemen took their hands and led them to the dance area look father , did i not tell you that they would all like each other ?
a golden light focused only on her shape and the surrounding areas of the theater were lost in a bizarrely thick darkness .
english lavender , she noticed , was a prominent feature in the garden , and not only did it border the gravel drive , but it adorned the area near the path and front door .
as i understand it , there were guards mounted strategically around this area , mainly in the central hall , further up ahead .
now it commenced with a reception area done up in the plastic gay nineties decor favored by pizza parlors .
* * * * i did nt emerge until ten the next morning , after six hours sleep and two more spent cranking out scenes to retrofit the scuzzy character into sequences already filmed ; so i arrived at the shoot just in time to see a 1966 rambler make its feeble way into the parking area .
* * * * diane looked pensive as we strolled across the dingy parking area toward her room .
the trailer was cleverly laid out : a bed across the far end , then a tiny bath , the cooking area , a dwarf table with tub armchairs , and a couch opposite the door , which molly shut smartly behind me .
we wove among the aircraft - dike especially - to an improvised living area : bed , formica table , and four chairs .
since the warehouse walls were really twice that long , the ends of the set area were indicated by returns , movable false walls abutting the real ones at right angles .
she wandered toward the kitchen area .
handing anna to eva , julia carefully folded her fathers letter , placed it on the table , and looked through the window again at the heavy cold rain forming large puddles of water in the small playground area next to the dormitory .
he had selected the caf because most of the patrons chose to dine outside in the cool night air , hungrily smoking their cigarettes like they were a part of each dinner course , leaving the inside area mostly empty .
isabelle watches her husband and son clean the dishes and her cooking area , as she rocks back and forth with her hands on her belly .
walking into the cooking area , jacques stands for a short time watching his wife prepare breakfast .
running into the front area of their cottage , they yell , mother , is jehanne all right ?
putting them into the livestock area , he climbs the stairs to the parapet walk to see if he can see where his mother is .
* * * a short while later , jon and julia , jacque and isabelle , arrive at the battle support area of the french .
jehannes pain triggers memories of katherines beheading , and the extreme agony he had felt as he left the staging area on tower green .
at the base of the ramp there were three balls of varying sizes in a collection area .
` ` this is lovely , and quaint , '' paul volunteered , peeking into the bar and the breakfast area below it .
she emerged into a small area that was divided into two halves by a large bell inside a cage .
but to instead see aztlan state police guarding the alamo , and people coming into a small visitors area to watch the dozen congressmen passing laws .
he asked nodding toward the sitting area where the captain sat , face in the london times .
he lingered about , always in the background , even in areas of the sanctuary ordinarily off limits to men .
at the far side of the foyer , the large double doors into the heart of the home opened and closed on squeaking hinges , but melaina was not to enter this area .
in the middle of the floor area was a dusty gig sitting forlornly by itself and behind it under a large canvas cover was an old - fashioned barouche , which looked as though it had nt been used for years .
he held his handkerchief to his nose and looked around in alarm as from the galley area came an aroma of freshly brewed coffee mingled with another , even stronger odour of burning toast .
karl - heinz made a sweeping gesture toward the main area where the gigantic pall of smoke was coming from .
erik supposed the painting did look suspicious ; most managers would nt waste any painting , even a poor specimen such as this , in the backstage areas of the garnier .
in the middle is an open , dirt - floored area where peasants set up stalls on market day .
and then they walked to the ghetto area , a parade of jews carrying the last of their possessions , but none of their hopes .
unlike the simple plaster walls and pillars of the outer receiving area , this inner chamber was forbiddingly ornate , with gilded ceilings almost thirty feet high .
hawksworth had been required by the rajputs to keep a separate area for his campfire and cooking .
he seemed to ponder the answer as he led them back into his carpeted reception area .
flames quickly engulfed the back porch area of the house and wade quickly ran back to where he left the lantern .
with the stealth and silence that had kept him alive more than once , he grasped the frayed rope that hung from a ceiling beam and handed himself slowly and silently up into the tiny loft area .
abruptly alone , she could see nothing but a knot of people surrounding the area where hero and juliet had been holding court .
even the bathroom and shower area was amazing , all glossy small white tiling smelling of talc and clubman and lilac vegetal after - shave lotions .
a leather sofa , two club chairs and coffee and end tables made for a seating area in the middle of the room .
she saw the staff lounge area where a large tv was on , frozen on an action scene in a porn flick , explaining what all - night guards do with their time and why ken and neil were nt allowed back there .
there was a decked area with benches on , and taking the opportunity to enjoy the garden before anyone came out to tell her to move , she sat down , looking out at the jungle before her .
but instead she declared she fancied a cup of tea and proceeded to walk down the stairs to the servants ' area , where daisy was headed .
there was a huge , four - poster double bed , oak furniture , a little area with a settee , and a couple of easy chairs .
evie followed her into the little kitchen / sitting area at the back of the shop where the girls would eat their sandwiches and gossip about their latest boyfriends .
seated in a booth area were three young men evie did n't recognise .
evie went into the house and found abe in the living area at the little table that was by the window , writing a letter so it seemed .
on our way out , i recognized some familiar faces among the crowd , but it was useless to try to approach them , much less have any conversation there , and i just waved in recognition and continued with our struggle to leave that area .
it was a square plain area covered by a light wooden roof .
he opened the door and illuminated the area by his torch and knew he had arrived to a bedroom .
the dining table where he sat and kitchen were all one area joined to a main room off his right with three curtained doorways leading out .
a fire begins in the merchant area of rome and soon burns completely out of control .
the two rooms opened out to a covered earth - floor area at the back where an assortment of children , dogs , chickens and a goat watched me .
your father ... . your father ... you must help ... you must ... as i left the room the old man was sitting in the darkness of the back area smoking a pipe .
back in the lobby area i recovered my rifle and waited for my ride to arrive , and for abbie to return .
there were two partitioned areas , one in each back corner , and the face of another woman wearing glasses appeared over one of the low walls .
three very small babies lay side by side on a mat in the other area and abbie knew as soon as she saw her .
standing at the doorway , we surveyed the wide lounge area .
the waiting area was almost full but there were some vacant seats at one end of the front row .
but when he looked at the two women , saw julies earnest manner , sitting as close as she was to the girl as she spoke , he seemed to sense the exigency and turned and led me to a small kitchen area .
most curious , it is monastically quiet in the admissions area .
harley shares a work area with jared .
jared follows him to his work area , sits down beside his desk .
he guides jared to a storage room in the library area .
witson leads jared to the departure area .
steve pokes him in the shoulderasking as they come to a stop in the area called times square .
the attics covered a vast area , divided up into three parts with doors through to each partition .
speechless , he watched the priest cross the vast hall back to the living area , disrobing he held gnarled hands over the flames , his shock of white hair wild about his head .
douglas entered the reception area as jessie bent to sign the register .
the bar was in direct contrast to the regency decor of the dining room and rest area .
as i left , i noticed the hallway and waiting areas were even more crowded than they had been for my last visit .
i decided not to try to make conversation , but to just get to the parking area as quickly as i could , and make it into the residence with minimal annoyance .
the area was so crowded that only five hundred chiefs and elders were able to be seated .
while rita and julie were engaged in their discussion about species relationships the cowboy looked in their direction and held his gaze long enough to flip rita a wink before moving into the bar area .
after henry settled the check they moved to the bar and dance area where a three - piece combo was playing soft dance music geared to fit the beat , agility and satisfaction of a predominately gray - haired crowd .
i followed elise out of the dining area , stopping just long enough to ask the maitre d to send a bottle of riesling to our room .
by the time i found the volumes i wanted and walked down to my assigned study area , the door to the little room was already open for me , and both the ceiling light and a study light were on .
as it turned out , the theater was just an open area up two flights of stairs .
he led me back towards the reference area , an area of beautiful wood work and long shelves of reference works .
he led me back towards the reference area , an area of beautiful wood work and long shelves of reference works .
i bounded up the stairs two at a time and led him straight back to the reference area .
by the time i got to the outskirts of town , traffic slowed to a crawl , and i inched along , following signs to the parking areas that had been created for the event .
instead , i innocently returned to the dock area , passed through crowds of staring tourists , and waited in a short line at the gang plank to be checked off a list and checked for weapons .
back at the reception area , we were shown large bathrooms and given time to clean ourselves up .
parking lots were clearly marked and lots of signs got me from the parking area to the departure area for the train .
parking lots were clearly marked and lots of signs got me from the parking area to the departure area for the train .
she nodded and turned to go , but paused to call out to john lewis , the colored janitor who was scrubbing the floor in the visitors waiting area .
he ordered them to their bellies in the bowl - like area inside the rise .
they approached the initial work area where , during the day , year - round crews refined stone blocks .
they each ran at the serving area .
wallis got the sheep from their paddock and moved them down to grazing , but found himself hard - put to keep them in one area of the large paddock where the grasses grew long and sweet .
the grand hall and adjoining dining room were the only two areas of the house i 'd seen other than the attic , and for all i knew , the rest of windamere manor was nothing like those rooms .
after dinner , i pretended i had a headache , but instead of retiring to my room , i went in search of tommy in the service area .
` ` there 's a well out the back and a pump and hoses stored in the service area for just such an emergency .
it was a long way from the service area to the well and up to langley 's rooms , but i did n't say so .
` ` the eastern wing may be unstable , but the service area and rest of the house are fine . ''
until then he was tied to this world and the waiting area .
after we returned the ghost to the waiting area .
from what the spirits had told me , all ghosts ended up in the waiting area until they 'd been assigned to a section in the otherworld .
all our spirits had duly answered the questions their loved ones posed then returned to the waiting area , content and ready to cross over .
we 'll let mr . and mrs . wiggam sort out their differences then return him to the waiting area tomorrow .
not only had we failed to return mr . wiggam to the waiting area , we 'd left him with a person who despised him .
celia and i had no right to rip souls out of the waiting area and reignite emotional wounds in this world .
besides which , the ghosts we summoned at our drawing room sances had always willingly returned to the waiting area afterwards , and they 'd done so feeling content that their loved ones could move on too .
go back there , he used a jutting chin to indicate the area toward the rear of the wagon , and tell will what we have in mind !
he pointed to the area a few feet away from sarah .
there was an open - hearth cooking area and a pot - bellied stove for keeping the wintery chill at bay .
the sleeping areas had been partitioned off for privacy , and a ways away from the back of the house , an outhouse had been constructed for convenience .
at mr . stockmans direction , becky steered the team off the main street and into an area at the side of the livery that provided ample shade for the animals .
with that in mind he took a couple of rooms at what served as the local hotel , but in actuality turned out to be nothing more than partitioned off areas in the rather spacious attic above the feed store .
but on the good side , he was a fella who aimed to please and graciously moved cots around from some of the other sleeping areas until each of his guests had a bed of their own .
after the battle at chadds ford , alex had located molly in the camp followers tent area and told her about ruskins death .
robert finally stopped them and pointed to an area just off in a corner of the cave .
emmett peered around the corner into the living area and then back to his mother .
he stumbled his way back into the living area , shifted around on the settee and tried to fall asleep , with a whirl of pain upon his chest and more waiting for him in the morning .
the small room beyond the main area had a draped opening of a long leather skin that was shredded into strips and tacked in place .
running along the building he stopped every ten paces or so and lit a new area .
eventually they found themselves in a small open area with a raised platform at one end .
they had strolled into the open area below the steps that lead up to the acropolis and the beautiful parthenon that graced its peak .
they were welcomed and led to a portico raised four steps from an open area in which sat the faculty and students , eager to hear the debate .
he acknowledged the cheering throng , that spilled out of the seating area , and raised his hands for silence .
two men were discussing politics as they approached an open area in front of the temple to apollo in the heart of athens .
in another area slaves carefully shelved scroll after scroll under the supervision of a greek scholar .
joe had built the loft area for storage , but now it would become toms room when he was old enough to use it .
he had hung lamps from the ceiling in the living room and kitchen area .
tom went into the living room area and grabbed the bag joe had brought with him .
as they reached the back of the room , captain mallett appeared from the kitchen area , and upon spotting caleb , greeted him with a broad grin .
she smiled quickly at him , and then went back to the kitchen area , where she busied herself with a rag , polishing the top of the bar as she listened in on the conversation .
she smiled and retreated back to the kitchen area , as mallett quickly wrote out the details of the sale and pushed the paper over to general arnold for his signature .
led straight through the reception area without any questions from the policemen present , the entourage made its way along corridors , past offices , until it reached the cells , stopping before the last door .
she hurried in the direction of the wagon where mrs . marnhull had established a private area for the troupe .
as they passed by the target area , watched carefully by several of kelthornes servants who helped in the loading of the weapons , charles hemyock began cursing quite loudly .
he watched her leave the concert area at last and as she began making her way westward back to the camp , he kept track with her progress holding to the shrubby growth of the hillside .
with quickened pace he went under the archway and through the foyer , across the entrance and out into the front area of the orphanage .
the rooms in the upstairs all looked exactly the same , each had a bunk bed and a small toileting area blocked off by flimsy dividers .
` ` follow me , '' anne led tatum back out to the area where marja still sat at her desk answering phones .
similar to the day before , anne was waiting for her in the front reception area of unit one .
` ` yes , you will be able to get into the general filing area , but inside is broken down by unit and each separate filing room will require appropriate access . ''
restaurants that were worth eating in , cheapest place to buy red wine , local workout areas and , most importantly in tatum 's opinion , where she could find a half decent yoga class , in particular a ' hot ' yoga class .
tatum assumed the bottom floor was likely used for storage with the second and third floors reserved for the kitchen , eating and bar areas .
as she approached , tatum heard the distinctive sound of the soft jazz music that was being quietly piped into the entrance area .
the back of the restaurant on the first floor was the kitchen , a perfectly kept stainless steel work area with the head chef and his helpers in crisp white linens .
in the center of the reception area , there was an odd fenced - off zone that looked out of place in the otherwise business - type environment .
the front reception area held a standard receptionist 's desk complete with phone , fax machine and computer .
finally , tatum could see a larger industrial looking area in the distance .
but today , as she walked through the outdoor common areas , tatum saw for the first time how the grounds remained so perfectly groomed .
tatum went directly into the unit three filing area and searched for the file labeled ` ` elizabeth crandall '' .
tatum had to grab jake 's arm and pull him ; he 'd taken to inspecting the workmanship around the bar area .
the sign - in desk was adjacent to the visitor 's seating area where visitors could visit with patients through secured , break and bullet proof glass .
they had an outdoor seating area prepared with tables and outdoor heaters .
come on back in , '' tatum called to her family waiting outside of the curtained area .
the family re - entered the draped - off area and suddenly tatum became very aware of jake standing there , knowing no - one .
tatum went into the back of the staff room , the only area in the entire unit that was n't perpetually on camera .
armed with a detailed and believable story about what she was doing there , tatum entered the unknown area as if she belonged there more than anyone else .
she was in what appeared to be the access point to a variety of other areas , sort of reminiscent of the layout of the labs on units six 's upper floor .
the three small offices , and presumably the other nine offices that fell beside those she had gone through , were fronting a huge warehouse type area of enormous proportions .
the area appeared to be blocked into sections , with some sort of organizational structure that tatum could n't possible understand .
a guided tour of the noumanoui bar area was in the offering by mike branch , but a long night of bar hopping and heavy drinking , after a long day of travel , followed by the grueling task of checking aboard naf naha , he had no doubt in his jet lagged mind that his body would not have survived the tour .
a gentle southwest breeze carried the pungent odor of the east china sea 's tidal flats across the air force taxi - ways and runways , then up the slope into the area of the navy barracks .
the coffee shop had been built into the end of one of the two vehicle maintenance shops in the motor pool service area and was run by susie , a cute okinawan girl in her mid twenties .
he heard quietly spoken as he turned the corner into another area of the alley .
brad stopped by the small reception area and caught the eye of michako , the nesan that tomako had been teaching the ropes for the last few weeks .
there would be a double curve at the very top which would not be within sight of the main road leading to the navy administration area , but he would be still a half day or so from starting to develop the shape of the curves and grading the parking lot .
thirty - six friday morning brad was leaving the public works area after the usual friday morning personnel inspection .
there was no upstairs room ; samuel and lizzie slept in this curtained - off area while maggie took the settle by the fire .
all five war horses were standing on a temporarily covered area .
at around early afternoon , the guard came , opened the door of his cell and ordered to go to the assembly area .
the assembly area was a wide open field with a high boundary prison wall on one side and prison cells on other sides .
he donned his helmet and gloves , tossed a leg over , clicked it in gear , and wove his way out of the parking area .
as we entered the living area where the gift shop resided , i did a double take .
every morning this area needs to be mopped before we open .
next the group moved to our area , so i mopped the same spot to hear her voice .
the owner video ended and over the speakers a womans voice announced that scooter wilson would be interviewed and signing autographs in the inspection area .
we walked to the inspection area , where a stock car sat with an aluminum rack hung over it , apparently to lower onto the car to check its compliance .
she never imagined a time when she would nt have two living areas and double verandas .
one by one the posse members , with the exception of the banker and his son , went out and left the small office area a little less crowded .
now the carcasses of several dead horses dotted the corral area , and dozens of dead , bloating steers lay scattered on the hills surrounding the ranch .
one small section was blocked off into a cell area , but taillebourg rarely had occasion to use it .
a curtain partitioned off the area around annes bed .
all three women had beds in the cabin , and their ladies , who normally would have slept in the same room , retreated to the common area .
gerard led her below deck to an especially cramped area .
the area was only slightly wider than the pallet , extending about four feet past the end of the little bed .
he shoved open the door from the servants hall and stormed into the reception area .
uncle marty lead us to the baggage claim area and after collecting our bags ( i looked around for the bald man with the scar and was glad there was no sign of him ) we made our way to the car rental desk .
walking out to the island dining area in the middle of their small village , grace finds ian sitting with his head in his hands .
leaving the kitchen area diana sneaks off into the island foliage .
now in the practice area , each girl gets her sword and stands in a line facing diana .
walking into the pirate meeting area with the confidence of a group of shining knights , silence is the only thing that is heard , as all of the original pirates of port royal are eyeing their new rivals .
as they reach the dining area they notice all of the swords that the island girls are cleaning .
that is the funniest thing that i have ever seen , grace states as laughter can be heard throughout the dining area .
mandar , do you remember the other day when we were approaching the secret landing area and you saw a man standing looking in our direction and i asked you to take a picture of him ?
yes , sir if we could approach the landing area in the same way we did that day , i could show you where i saw him .
as they approach the landing area , the midshipman points up to the area when he saw a light and a man standing .
as they approach the landing area , the midshipman points up to the area when he saw a light and a man standing .
yes , sir ill need a hovering machine so that i can constantly watch this area to see when he shows up .
with their stomachs growling they enter the cooking area .
about fifty yards in they came to an area where the walls of the tunnel widened out to perhaps fifteen feet across and the ceiling rose to a height of ten feet .
for the next couple of nights the full moon would provide plenty of light to see if any wagon train was being assembled in the staging area behind the freight office , and after that they would have to find a hidden vantage point on down the hillside to watch from .
in the area that dewitt and the others had used for sleeping and eating during the watch on the freight office , a lit tin lamp sat in the middle of the passageway .
the only illumination in the cell area was one small lamp which hung from the ceiling about midway down the aisle between the long rows of cells .
returning to his companys assembly area , luke searches for matthew .
the prison area is a confused mass of tents and hardtack box constructed shelters .
everyone moved from the porch into the large area of the parlor .
let us move ourselves to the area underneath the big oak out in the mill yard .
in a locked case on one side were several rifles and shotguns , and a barred door in the middle of the back wall led to the cell area .
in the main lobby area was snidely and he looked sharp , all dressed up in his suit and tie .
uh , i sent for work through them , applewhite told misses glenn , while my wife and misses applewhite went to the kitchen area .
no , lucio answered simply as he gave me a quick glance while i was dusting the furniture in the living room area where all of us were at .
asked leonardo , having stepped into the area from the stables .
then he turned on his heel and marched back to the small enclosure that served as his work area .
when the line of children and their supporters finally turned into the railway marshalling area all hell broke loose .
towering plants and richly scented flowers , lovingly bestowed from neighbors ' treasured gardens , embraced the performance area .
the men moving to the left made it to the end of the row and then rose together , firing fully automatic into an area near where elise had pointed .
we walked over to the special vip parking area , found gustav , and got in .
what i found was a neat area with a half dozen desks , occupied by people staring at computers and talking on phones .
we asked if there was any outdoor seating , and she led us to a shaded area behind the house that must have been the location of picnics for at least a century .
i went back out to the picnic area and grabbed another sandwich off the plate .
the area that was about to be submerged was an area of grain elevators and warehouses .
here , tables and chairs had been set up in every open area , including the stage .
finally , wet and smelly , we climbed out of the water up to an area of the second floor that the men had taken over for sleeping .
the office area was still a mess , but it had been cleaned enough so that we could at least walk around it .
i walked through the dock area and then headed for the office .
he walked with st . denis up to the open area where the fire dances were held .
across from the librarianss desk , a combined circulation and reference area , was a lounge of comfortable chairs in soothing grays and blues where some students socialized using their inside voices while others stalked like eagle - eyed hunters , searching the stacks or the databases .
after inspecting the pass , one of the guards led jason into the rear cell area .
phone calls and dinner behind me , i got up and stood by the railing at the western edge of the bar area .
i followed him into the emergency room and sat in the waiting room while they wheeled him into an examination area and pulled curtains around him .
finally , covered in bandages , but still wearing a bloody t - shirt over them all , i stepped back out to the waiting area , standing there were four very large men , two of whom i recognized from the granary .
i will order something for us , once we get down to the archives area .
i waited for her to turn and walk into the archives area , and then i took the elevator back up to my floor .
margaret with still in the archives area , and she still looked , well , she still looked , well , i was in a hurry so i ignored it .
i left the archives area , took the elevator upstairs , and was out of the building .
by the time i had crossed the floor to the dining area , i had seen three other men and one woman run by .
a waiter met me and asked if i wished to be seated by the television they had wheeled into the room , or in a quieter area .
i asked for the archives area , and margaret answered .
but as you should see on the screen now , we will also have an area for text messages .
i will be your hostess for the audience participation area of the web , and i will attempt to answer questions where i am able , or i will catalog and refer your suggestions to the delegates .
i walked into the dining area and asked for a bottle of cognac .
darkness had settled in earnest , and she felt her way across the room to the main living area .
yes , well , said budsby finally , taking shakespeare quietly by the arm and leading him to the area that had sparked their enthusiasm in the first place - the vacant space near the rear wall of the tavern .
she would fondly recollect the time she dramatically unwrapped herself from the curtain that hid their little bed from the living area , to present herself stark naked to him .
she brushed past him , made her way through the empty tavern area , and stormed out the front door .
the richly paneled dark oak cabin takes up the entire area under the aft deck .
this is a very important place , i remark as i look around in amazement , but i thought the navigation area would be much fancier than this .
the animals in wexford seemed to have plastered the dock area about the same as is the case here .
the captain takes me to merchants row , a bustling area in boston , to conduct our business ; its the heart of the commercial area .
he had his area under lock and key so i could nt get a look at it .
the edith b slows almost to a stop as she creeps up stream into the congested docking area .
when the ship reaches about here , move a few degrees to port by taking this course ; it will bring the ship right into the docking area .
as we approach the area where the man - of - war is anchored , i suddenly say , did you just see that !
as i hit the deck i see men carrying bundles of goose down up the gangway and down the companionway leading to my old cabin , which is now the captains private storage area .
basically , the doldrums , which are about twenty degrees north and twenty degrees south of the equator , an area that s caught between the northern and southern hemispheres pressure systems and produces a weak pressure area .
carriages negotiate the dock area carefully so as not to bump into or run over anyone .
the deck area in the bow was small , about seven feet front to back and soon was very crowded so many passengers took the steps up to the roof which was surrounded by a rail to keep them from falling into the canal .
the cabin was quickly converted into a dinning area with the curtain taken down and a long table raised through the center from bow to stern .
they saw the kitchen , dining area , library , an office and a very large room which dillon took to be a party room .
there was a parlor or living area and several smaller rooms on the ground floor .
he glanced around at the workers spread out somewhat but all in one general area .
he put up with jeb around the barn , especially after you fixed up an area where he could cook his meals and live pretty much by himself .
he stuffed the handkerchief in his pocket as he turned and leaped over the gate separating the tellers cages from the customer area .
so far , she had been able to pretty much rule out the basement areas and the first floor as hiding places .
they descended a spiral staircase in the southwest corner , and entered a large basement area , dimly lit by several oil lamps .
sidney rigdon strode confidently down the aisle to the wagon , which was situated in the middle of the congregations seating area .
the one thing plaster and paint could never erase was the bloodstains on the floor , in three areas : under the bed where john taylor had hidden , in front of the window where joseph had been struck , and in the center of the room where hyrum had fallen .
the lawyers and their clients took their places inside the fenced off area nearest the judges bench , apart from the spectators .
judge young looked around the packed courtroom and then focused his gaze on the mostly empty seats in the defense and prosecution areas .
we followed the steps into the main reception area , where a young soldier sat behind a desk .
the men in the cells left them and joined galeren in the centre of the main dungeon area .
apparently when he left after the battle , the cavaliers were staying in the bath area , while sir william was leading his roundheads towards wiltshire , though no one knew where he would be going after that .
i waited , and had almost decided to let myself out when the old manservant who had let me in came hobbling up from the basement area and opened the door for me .
there was a creak of the floorboards as the side door leading into the living area opened .
i decided to leave abruptly , and i found my way to the bridge leaving the area of the arsenal and towards the rumored virginian forces .
she also knew that pulling it out without causing much more damage to the area would be her second hardest task .
the house , one storey of living area with cellars underneath , was dark and silent to his left .
it seemed much safer , away from the quake area and foster had finally found another position as a bank officiant .
after stopping to light torches at an isolated campfire , they charged through the encampment 's tent area , throwing the flaming torches at tents and piles of supplies .
at the entrance of the area where a large black tent stood , pennants flying from all four corners , a single line of armed guards materialized .
as she policed her area of the locker room terry realized the first week of training camp had gone by with lightning speed .
in fact , the entire room reminded him of the eastern area of the bazaar .
elaborate candelabras were placed throughout the room and numerous feather pillows covered a seating area in one corner .
it allowed for the servants to pass quickly between the service areas of the house and the bedrooms so that dirty dishes , linens , and things like that were nt carried around out in the open .
was it a storage area ?
grace sighed and leaned against the counter , looking at the disaster area that was disguising itself as her kitchen .
she waved to a few emts on the way in and headed to the emergency room reception area .
first stairwell , make a right , big storage area .
after the final equipment check in the assembly area , morales went over the plan .
he found a sitting area by the stairs , three large bedrooms , all with adjoining bathrooms , plus an additional half bathroom near the end of the hall .
he 'd built a sizable pile of plaster in the doorway of his bathroom when a knock sounded from the area of his window .
lena 's bed and surrounding area were the stage , and their toys -- everything from stuffed bears to board games -- were the audience .
colette ushered luke to the empty dmv office , which doubled as a storage area for a bunch of broken furniture made of the strange white wood .
the floor beneath her groaned , complaining about the number of people on top of that one area -- lara 's area .
the floor beneath her groaned , complaining about the number of people on top of that one area -- lara 's area .
as the kids rounded the woods , an extensive training area came into view .
a bushel of death camas , with its deceptively perky white and yellow blooms , greeted the padreses as they entered the training area .
the kids separated into three groups according to age and scattered to different sections of the training area .
most lounged in the dark eating area , but a few waited hungrily at the shaded door .
mark and tom volunteered to take the radios out the loading area at the back of the store .
there were plenty of seats and even a smoking area .
danny was hopeful that they would all be rescued and taken somewhere much safer , where they could actually have individual rooms , bathrooms , kitchens , play areas and everything they needed to start life over .
the kids had brought some of the small hand held game systems from the last store but now at the new store there was enough of the systems in the storage area and on the store floor for each child and teen to have his or her own !
he then took the balloons to the front of the store and tied them to a rail next to the game area .
he made his way to the lawn and garden area .
whenever one of the mob even thinks they see a squirrel , they open fire , turning the area into a shooting gallery .
i claimed the vip room as my own private area , allan did n't seem to have any problem with this .
it served as a valet point and an area where the customers could get out , staying out of any rain or inclement weather .
we both went out the back door to the paved training area and saw the handful of undead that had followed me .
the grocery store had an access ladder back in the dock area .
i found myself in a foyer with a second set of double doors that led into an office area .
there were two putrid cadavers that i had to put down before i was able to explore the office area fully .
i could hear banging on the main doors and felt if i stayed in the office area i was soon going to be kibbles and bits for the pack .
she was all business as she walked away from me through the kitchen area past the coolers and into the club itself .
the center line of that e is where the entrance and public area are located and the top line is for those of us who are here because our kids suck .
in the play area , the girls chased him and petted him and scratched him and phillip was charming enough .
i hear voices coming from the dining area , and see the soft glow of mood lighting .
though the area looked safe enough the windows and front door were covered in heavy duty iron bars .
most of them were too tired to unpack , so they all found areas of the dark cabin and went to sleep .
as she made her way back to the dining area , she pretended not to notice that both chanler and michelles eyes were following her .
the apartment was currently comprised of fairly large kitchen and living room area , with a master bedroom accessible through a door in the dining room .
if it were nt for the fact the kitchen island was off to the right rather than placed in the centre of the dining area , natassia could easily mistake this apartment for the last place mars inhabited .
the inside of the apartment was opaque , the grey area at the front door receding quickly into an inky black darkness that sucked in all light , absorbing it within its muffled expanse .
charlie had left them alone in the store as he entered the storage area where he d kept natassias laptop .
mars 's jealousy over the elderly womans flat rose inside of her , for it was far bigger and grander than her own , the kitchen a separate room complete with dining area , island , and every manner of modern culinary gadgetry .
the entire living room / dining room / kitchen area was stubbornly open concept , a large rectangular space that was divided solely by function .
anger pulsed through james and without giving it another thought he knocked the steel door out of the way and barged into the small loading area .
keith had followed her for six months , hiding in the shadows of the bar and the parking lot before he had summoned enough courage to take a seat in one of the well - lit areas of the club she had worked in .
the side garden area where he could press back into the bushes at night and because of the light from the inside , he could watch her in the kitchen or part of the lounge room .
when i returned to the launching area , i pulled the durango as close to the dock as possible .
the designers had packed as much as possible into the cabin , enclosing three separate sleeping areas , a sink and cabinet , and a tiny spot for what an enthusiastic seller would call restroom facilities .
with the storm raging outside , the weak light filtering through them faded before it reached the bar , leaving the kitchen area dark and gloomy .
both of them hung over the bar , situated about ten feet apart and illuminated both the kitchen area and the living area .
both of them hung over the bar , situated about ten feet apart and illuminated both the kitchen area and the living area .
or maybe she 's got down some area and is in a coal cellar .
amid the crash and glitter of the falling glass , she tumbled into the flagged area below .
three pool tables stood in the open area to the rear of the lounge area , of which only one was in use .
three pool tables stood in the open area to the rear of the lounge area , of which only one was in use .
the baby tumbled from her lap and fell limp into the unseen area beneath the seat .
a nurse greeted her at the desk and pointed her in the direction of the elevator , which she took to a large , crowded waiting area on the second floor .
they approached an area that had been a storeroom only three weeks ago .
he tumbled to the floor , inside the servers area , only a few short feet away from her .
the area downstairs is horrible .
he moved toward it , heading for the door that had been cut into the crude wall of sheetrock his father had erected years before , the wall that separated the play area from the noisy rattle of the furnace and hot water heater on the other side .
the intruder did nt reply but seemed to glide , approaching the lighted area but never emerging from the shadows .
although a crudely - finished area , the cellar did have 2 rooms that , as mary remembered , were an old tool room and a canned goods room .
she gazed into the tool room , an area that had always intrigued mary .
but the space remained empty as she walked sideways between the dimly - lit , cobweb strewn area until reaching a crack of light in the wall .
the closet in the basement , located under the stairs , was an area that she and joe called the crawlspace .
not terribly damp , the storage area had the smell of dirty , wet rocks that crunched when crawled through .
the unflattering light of exposed bulbs that hung from the 4 - foot ceiling revealed that the crawlspace reached through the entire area of the home .
quickly slamming the trunk shut and throwing the tools down the hole , jeff barely had enough time to crawl out of the storage area , up into the kitchen where he would replace the panel on the closet floor .
in a need to display toughness , paul could not admit an unexplained phobia of a crudely , unfinished area below the house .
9 kids crawled through the crunchy floor , towards an area that was seemingly void of that which had been promised .
he flicked on the crude lighting and could see nothing but an empty storage area with boxes and junk stacked at the opposite wall .
mother looked around the crawlspace and journeyed over to an area where a collection of crushed soda cans , a shovel , bolt cutters , some screwdrivers and a wooden handle for a paint roller laid .
and while the 2nd step of transport went under way , jeff remained in the crawlspace , filling the robbed grave with stones , only to discover that more needed to be taken from other areas of the storage space .
he would , however , be part of the sinister plot as he needed to keep his younger brothers in another area of the house .
parking his car down the street , he inconspicuously walked over to the playground and to the monkey bar area where the jogger 's apparent child played .
stephanie only nodded with an uninterested smile and walked a few feet to a wide - open area .
then she set him down in another area of the park where the boy continued to whine while mommy pulled out her cell phone .
and the cup that lay on its side had been further knocked into and rolled to another area of the floor as it did n't lie near the stain of cocoa .
since the bakery offered a dining area , she sat down and enjoyed her fresh bagel and orange juice .
the entrance area provided a porthole view of his girlfriend 's house .
they sat at a small table in the middle of the dining area .
unlike angel , where molded fiberglass formed cockpit seating , the afterdeck on gabriels boat opened into a wide , flat area .
i point taylor and lynda towards the two beat up couches in the tv area to my left .
still , i back up towards the tv area and motion for taylor and lynda to duck down out of sight .
that hoarders like my late uncle often keep one room or one small area of their homes as clean as possible .
the crowd stood to cheer , and the images and noise shook my head and heart so greatly that i quickly removed myself from the chapel and rushed into the quad area of the school .
finally , she was upon the spot , and the lighting faded from view as she entered the dark area .
with that position , you naturally have access to many areas of the campus , is that correct ?
the area was secluded , as she had unwisely chosen a side entrance , and one infrequently used .
the area i chose was in my basement , close in proximity to the area in which i worked previously , but at the far end of the space .
the area i chose was in my basement , close in proximity to the area in which i worked previously , but at the far end of the space .
there was a separate room , a type of utility closet with a spacious area , which i sealed up and secured .
when i finally completed the task , the area was delicate and cozy , with soft lighting falling on the scene and posh extravagance making for a very relaxed atmosphere .
there was a certain area , located between two academic buildings , that was dark from the inadequate spacing of the lamps .
only she and i inhabited the area ; it was vacant , much to my good fortune .
it was a large department store with a food area .
in some areas you could nt pass by because of everything that was in the aisles .
we separated taking different positions on the deck to defend all entry areas .
he would then turn and go downstairs to check out the area before returning to catch me doing the same thing .
the area we were in was the jail section .
i made it to the area and parked .
they moved along the darkest , least - likely - to - be - attended areas , using the directions agwa had given them earlier this afternoon in the yawning cavern .
her body pitched forward , propelling her through the door and into the office area .
through the front door of the saloon , she watched in horror as her former friends stumbled around in the burning bar area , oblivious to their fate .
examining the space , i reflect i have always hated the open floor plan of her apartment , mainly because the door opens straight into her living room area but right now , the openness gives me a feeling of security because i can clearly see that no one is here .
my bedroom is just a platform that covers the dining area and bathroom of the apartment not a true second floor .
i pour myself a glass of water and walk back into the main area .
directly opposite the window is a door to the bathroom and beside the bathroom is the dining area .
i edge my way over to the taped off area to grab one of the pieces of wood .
she entered the reception area behind a filthy wheelbarrow , her muscular arms tightly gripping the rotting wooden handles .
it is hard now to describe them ; they were a vast collection of swirls , filling up almost all of the floor - space in the room , and were most concentrated in the areas closest to the window .
i spent the next century or so of my existence alternating between the storage area and the upper museum , and then was transferred elsewhere and put on exhibit in a different building .
the five men advanced through the living room into another area that one reached via a doorway to the right .
the front contained all of the living areas , the gravity drive , and the engines , and was actually able to detach from the rear in times of need .
i look around the area .
we stay at the rest area a little longer than we need to .
from what i can see by the firelight , the living area is clean and the furniture is uncovered and free of dust .
at her request for a moment alone , police officers and bridesmaids waited patiently in the reception area , not close enough to hear as she struggled for the surface .
we enter an open area with high ceilings , once covered with paintings , now blackened and crumbling .
my glow stick fills a room that looks like it might have been a rest area for the shop workers .
we find the gymnasium reception area and an access door leading to the rest of the complex .
we enter the reception area and i feel my attention being drawn behind a desk opposite the barricade .
we shift our attention to this new area were in and my breath catches in my throat .
sleek - looking , uncomfortable office furniture sat at specially chosen areas to make the place look homey , but in a businesslike way .
a glass door to the side led out into a small garden area , flanked by a black wooden fence .
i wandered over into the kitchen area , while in the main room gerald argued with vivian and gavin .
we get to a room , which was close to the servant area .
beyond that would be the main workshop area .
colleen crept forward , keeping the cabinets between her and the open area beyond .
small gaps opened up to her right from time to time , giving her brief glimpses into the main workshop area .
soon she found herself peering around a chunk of rusted machinery into the open area with the boiler and tool cabinets .
they tied up the unconscious man and went back into the main workshop area .
paul wiped at the area he had almost cleared of debris .
i led as we exited the kitchen into the main area of the restaurant , the anxiety inside me rising with the bile in my throat .
his sister and father sat on the other side of the table in the visiting area .
he gingerly picked it up and took it into his little office area .
within seconds he stood on the porch , above the ten or twelve steps that led down to the parking area .
some decorating genius thought that it might make the vectra feel more like home if they installed ceramic tile in the bath and kitchen areas .
even galleys on real boats , not land boats like this scow , did nt have ceramic tiling to delineate the area .
finally , they paid their ten dollars a piece and went though the turnstile to the area behind the store .
he pulled out of the rest area where they had parked for the night and headed back towards gils shop .
they could hear the security guards walkie - talkie beckoning him to another area as they approached one of the doors to the building .
as he walked through the smaller hall he found it dumping him out into an indoor study area .
a fountain , much like the one outside , flowed , and the sounds of the water falling echoed through the study area .
resisting an urge to call out for someone , just to know for sure whether anyone normal was still inside the building , he continued through the study area to another hall .
it entered the study area , searching for him .
he could see the old chandeliers lit up from high above the congregation and could see the large , wooden cross highlighted in the front just behind the baptism area .
she even separated from him when they slept next to a cleaned area along the wall of the pit .
toward the end of their sentencing , amaya was relieved that they had remained aloneno sombras had visited the feeding area .
the bridge attached at the other end to an extended ledge , which was obviously the ceremonial area .
the canal below the bridge extended the width of the entire room , separating the ceremonial area from the entrance .
the wall behind and attached to the staging area was rocky and unaltered from its natural state .
although there were no permanent changes made to the room , apollo noticed a slab of stone on a pedestal in the middle of the ceremonial area .
on either side of the aisle were thirty sanguis , all facing the ceremonial area .
after escorting the twins to the ceremonial area , tereq and fatima walked back across the bridge to stand with ori and the other vampires .
they stepped into the spacious dining area .
mccoy pulled directly in front of the building , where the area was well - lit .
a man stepped through the entrance of a villa and stopped in the middle of the road , stretching his arm forward when the dog he kept at leash insistently pointed a shadowy area on the roadside .
alida had read that the columbarium was the area of the verano with the highest number of buried children .
angel crossed to bashful the corridor that brought him / it in the cell , in an area common to the prisoners .
she almost laid down and curled up within the small area , as if it could somehow protect her , but recognized how ridiculous she was being .
the storage room was located in the alley of stephens building , and had been converted from the buildings garage to accommodate four similar areas .
the dining room , living room , and kitchen were all connected , but there was a thin , paper partition adorned with japanese symbols that broke up the area .
vito grunted in disgust and looked down from his third floor cell at the deserted common area below .
there was a loud clang noise below and most of the inmates quieted a bit and looked down at the common area .
on the counter of the book return area he saw a candy wrapper and an open can of soda .
there were muffled cries coming from twisto 's cell , but because it was located on the fourth floor of the cell block no guard 's heard it , plus he had many of his minions down in the common area singing loudly to help cover the noises .
he tied the other end of the rope to the bars of the cell and watched in near adoration as twisto went down toward the commons area .
there was laughter drifting from the common area of the cell block mixed with screams that charitably could be described as singing .
in the commons area of cell block a , twelve recent escapees from the psychiatric ward were badly singing their rendition of the twist .
on the far side of the commons area several other slightly smarter prisoners were whispering and trying to decide what to do .
vito bellowed as he walked past george and came to a stop in the center of commons area .
george ambled back across the cell and looked down at the commons area of the cell block .
george saw the carts of food being taken out of his cell and rolled to the center of the commons area , but only glanced up in confusion at vito .
as he sat at the table and chewed the oatmeal , carl realized he would have a busy day spent exploring all the off limits areas of the library .
the road started a slow curve and as he prepared to lean all the way into the front area of the car and yell , when from the backseat he saw a faint outline of a tall pink rabbit standing on the side of the road .
the lights failed as he was passing the admissions area where guard 's would bring patients to wait for treatment .
once breakfast was over , elias and his crew were taken directly into to the suit - up room holding area where their configuration one constellation space suits pumpkin coloured launch and re - entry pressure suits capable of withstanding emergency depressurisation - were laid out and waiting for them .
after being dressed , elias opened his compartment door and stepped out into the main changing room floor area where yuri , nelson , assamo and peter were already present .
he made his way out of the flight deck following behind the other crewmembers , along the white - walled thoroughfare passed the small communal lounge bar area , and into a corridor lined with six adjacent doors .
* after checking out their quarters and removing their bulky headgear , peter , nelson and assamo left their respective housings and congregated back together in the compact communal lounge area .
he made his way into the lounge area and came to a halt directly in front of the three sitting crewmembers ; looking down at them with a loathsome sneer .
nelson and peter both looked on in immobile horror as the twelve - inch stainless steel vane glinted menacingly under the bright spotlights of the lounge area ceiling .
elias stormed into the lounge area and pounded to a stop facing his russian nemesis .
nelson and peter diligently followed the pilot and all three swiftly departed the lounge area and headed for their accommodations , leaving only elias and the yuri still in situ .
elias searched around the floor area for the trigger point and within seconds had spotted the customary red laser triggers .
the murky corridor beyond had obviously been cut from the rock , but as with the middle floor control room , aluminium sheeting had been attached to the walls to give it a very smooth look with clean silver lines , with the floor area appearing to be fitted with some sort of grated steel mesh .
what subsequently emanated from the shadowy area beyond instantly petrified both remaining crewmembers into an immovable and terror gripped seizure .
in the right hand corner was a large kitchen area with storage room and what looked like a meat freezer .
after a rapid inspection of the kitchen and restroom areas , and finding nothing of importance e.g .
exiting his quarters into the passageway , he proceeded to thump his fist belligerently against each of his three remaining crewmembers doors , abruptly rousing them from their slumbering tranquillity , and ordering them to amass back in the lounge area asap for a debriefing .
his contracted crew of three now began to assemble in the lounge area and as they all sat down in the soft seating area with their eyes wilfully fixed to the floor , the commander , who remained standing , instigated his inquisitorial .
his contracted crew of three now began to assemble in the lounge area and as they all sat down in the soft seating area with their eyes wilfully fixed to the floor , the commander , who remained standing , instigated his inquisitorial .
there was a deep - rooted look of acknowledgment between his crewmembers and without verbal confirmation the team in unison , got to their feet and left the lounge area to retire to their individual quarters .
gently easing the jet up and over the top of the warriors vertical stabiliser , she glided along its huge payload area , and sank the f-16 down over the forward bulkhead and out in front of its nose .
as they entered the payload area elias increased their urgency and , although he was still not in a mind - set of panic , that core sensitivity of foreboding instantly washed over him once more .
after dashing through a gap in the houses , they now found themselves standing in a large parking area and staring at a well - weathered tennis court on their right and at two rows of almost full parking spaces on the left which filled the gap in between the condos and the court .
she said and led ivana into a plush downstairs lounge area .
dan sat down beside them on the hard leather waiting area couches and could not help but think of john spikers panicky orders .
he lifted the phone and pressed the extension for the bar area .
sally raised her fist , and with all her might , swung it downwards punching him straight in the face ; the direct hit to his bulbous nose sending blood and mucus splattering onto the walls and surrounding area .
two hours later he finally got up out of his seat and went back to the lounge area .
* chapter 15 london , england , friday august 7th charles frederick sauntered down the georgian staircase that leads from his 4th floor bedroom apartment into his large modern kitchen area on the 2nd floor of his exclusive belgravia townhouse .
also discernible in this area were what appeared to be four cloaked figures looming together as if chatting silently among themselves ; to his relief though they were not in fact animated , and on more intense scrutiny , were in fact only lab coats hanging limply from their stand .
she found herself still lying on the plush seating area in alexia valentines lounge , but her newly alarmed consciousness was immediately drawn far off into an alternative dwelling , although an unknown aura of darkness consumed any visionary appearance .
outside a late evening lightning storm was raging , its blinding white wrath intermittently illuminating the shadowy reception area .
the first thing he thought of was how much he was going to relish leaving the old witch in london to confront the impending horrors that he and charles frederick were about to unleash on the metropolis , and secondly , he had to think up some excuse as to why he and the prime minister would not be accompanying them into the official stansted greeting area .
in the meantime , crewmembers jane brooks and marcus feldman entered the cabin seating area to inform the president that he and his family were to buckle up and prepare for landing and that once they were on the ground there would be a short delay before they were at their terminal post because there was a lot of runway traffic this evening .
that task done , clayton left the cockpit and returned to the main cabin area .
crewmembers jane brooks and marcus feldman were negotiating the opening of the forward door and as clayton squeezed past their labouring efforts back into the seating area he was in perfect time to witness his wife sally and daughter kelsy come storming their way along the cabin and into full view .
once there i will call the crew and arrange for jane and marcus to rouse savannah , get her dressed and then escort her over to the reception area , simple .
in the meantime , bane had already exited the boardroom and was trooping his way to the main seating area to meet up with the cabin crew .
and from all the profanity and pounding sounds emanating from the forward cabin area , it sounded to him like savannah was finally coming around .
noticing that alexia was scanning the large brightly lit open plan bar area in front of them for suitable fodder , ivana turned her attention towards the evenings game plan .
once at the top ivana , still guiding alexia by the hand , picked up her stride and led her fellow hunter through the throngs of the superior classes , up another small flight of stairs , and into a small private booth complete with an adjoining balcony area offering unrestricted views over the dance floor and central lounge area .
once at the top ivana , still guiding alexia by the hand , picked up her stride and led her fellow hunter through the throngs of the superior classes , up another small flight of stairs , and into a small private booth complete with an adjoining balcony area offering unrestricted views over the dance floor and central lounge area .
crossing through the vibrant rainbow of laser lights and intermittently flashing flooring illuminations , they headed straight towards the booth on the opposite side , coming to a stop when they were directly in front of their targets private seating area .
without another word , the sleazy celebrity stood to his feet and instantly ushered the six infatuated young girls out of the private booth leaving only him and the two hunters inside the reserved area .
upon reaching the area , charles took a seat behind one of the desks , picked up a telephone receiver and immediately dialled raf high wycombe .
* leaving the official corridors of power behind him , clayton bane made his way down the clandestine internal stairwell that leads to the prison cell area situated in the underground level of the whitehouse basement complex .
confronted by yet another large open plan area , although nowhere near the size of the laboratory , elias scanned his eyes around the interior of what was nelson cattss home .
the floor tiles , the walls , the furniture in the lounge area over to the left , the kitchen units and worktops over to the right and even the cot style bed and wardrobes in the far corner were of the same tone , all of which merged together with insipid and synchronized banality .
the only contrasting colour inside the entire area came from the black wall mounted television screen positioned opposite the white leather sofa in the lounge area .
the only contrasting colour inside the entire area came from the black wall mounted television screen positioned opposite the white leather sofa in the lounge area .
make yourself at home commander , grab a pew , nelson urged , guiding elias over to the lounge area .
both men walked over to the white closet in the bedroom area and nelson clicked open the doors to reveal one more contrast to the surrounding pallor .
wandering over to the lounge area , he sat down and switched on the television .
moments later , with his ensemble complete , he made his way over to join the scientist in the lounge area .
elias rose and followed nelson to the door of the apartment area and both then exited the room into the main expanse of the laboratory .
in front of him , and to the left side of the far end wall , stood a galley style kitchen area and what appeared to be a food storage zone , complete with two massive white fronted freezers .
in the centre of this far wall , two metal doors , one double sized and one of regular proportions , were positioned between an adjacent open plan rest area , furnished with four bunk style beds , a rather uncomfortable looking seating area , and a large , free standing , television .
in the centre of this far wall , two metal doors , one double sized and one of regular proportions , were positioned between an adjacent open plan rest area , furnished with four bunk style beds , a rather uncomfortable looking seating area , and a large , free standing , television .
over in the seating area , clayton bane and charles frederick were currently enjoying a bottle of fine vintage port , relaxing , and feeling individually self - satisfied with the success of the operation so far .
the only drawback to the situation , as far as bane was concerned , was that they would all have to remain cooped up in the underground cell area for at least another few days .
the surrounding walls of the chamber were of the same insipid grey concrete as the command centre above , but it was the main floor area of the room , which disturbed him the most .
they climbed up and entered via the broken stained glass window , which had once housed the depiction of george washington the same window that elias had escaped from earlier and now found themselves standing in the long corridor that led to the underground cell area .
ivana removed her hand from the burning contrivance , and just as she did so , the apparently impenetrable door , gradually opened to reveal the cell area beyond .
after a quick and fruitless search of the lounge and kitchen areas to locate him , they quickly deduced that he was either , in the bathroom , or down among the daunting echoes of burial chamber .
finding nothing of interest so far , all that remained for them to do , in this area anyway , was a quick search of compartment five the interrogation room that elias was already familiar with - compartment six where his crew had been held -and last of all the security office .
* elias , ivana and alexia had been in the interrogation room for fewer than thirty seconds when , from the area over by the entrance , the grinding and crashing clatter of steel suddenly shattered the atmosphere .
checking the nearby floor area , his hand grasped upon something metal , something that when he held it up for inspection , he recognised immediately .
up against the end wall he could see a kitchen come food storage area , and over to its right to the other side of three large doors - a living space complete with bunk style beds .
before he had a chance to complete his examination , suddenly , from the area over by the kitchen , he heard what he could only described as a loud popping sound ; raising his rifle , he carefully headed in the direction of the noise .
pointing his gun in the air , bane fired off two rounds hillbilly style before sitting himself down at the table in the lounge area .
as we approached the buildings exit , we came to an area populated by the human staff .
she worked alongside what my grandfather would have bitingly called niggers and poor white trash , taking each truckload of plump and lively chickens from the staging area to be beaten , thrashed , plucked , scalded , and subsequently dismembered .
and it was nt just a warehouse either ; there was also the loading platform and staging area , and a huge walk - in freezer where a deep - sea fishing rig could have been hidden if necessary .
oddly cloaked figures rush pieces of furniture , rugs , potted plants , and area lighting to centerfield , thirty yards away from where a wild and similarly dressed drum corp beat a syncopated rhythm the stagehands have a hard time keeping up with .
a pot of tea percolating noisily on the immaculate stove ; still - life photographs gracing the areas above the cabinets , stretching the length of the kitchen .
they opened onto a small kitchen , complete with a breakfast bar that jutted out from the wall , bisecting the kitchen area from the living room .
many of the other passengers had already reached it ; we could see silhouettes of people climbing up onto the tiled waiting area .
inside the door , there was a hole in the metal floor , and a steel rung ladder descended into an area that gave off the least alluring aroma i have ever encountered .
thom moved around to the back of the suv and looked in the rear window to the storage area , and signaled that it was clear .
we could see a business area to the left , and a large mall to the right .
we only had to cross one open area of the mall to get to the access hallway : an intersection of escalators and stairways , with a big elevator in the centre .
we went through the open passage into the underground parking area , and found a door that accessed the building itself .
they did a quick search and pat down of everyone , then led them over the rail and into the area where the post was located .
the inside equally matched the outside in elegance : a high ceiling , plush carpet , and a roomy waiting area .
tom gestured for him to follow and chris did so , bare feet slapping against the tiled floor inside , until they reached a carpeted area leading up to toms doorway .
tom bade chris sit in the living area , while he sorted out some clothing for him , tall body moving confidently through his apartment to what chris assumed must be the other mans bedroom .
the large front room hosted a large living area , as well as a kitchenette .
a small amount of grass and trees spruced up the surrounding area but little else existed except flat tarmac and painted lines .
i exchanged pleasantries with susan most mornings on my passage through the grand and not - tacky - at - all reception area .
a quick scan of my team - mates and surrounding area showed only bored faces ( some perilously close to tears ) , reclined bodies , and two men tossing a stressball over a cubicle wall in a terrible game of make - shift tennis .
ten floors below , the gardens and entrance areas were empty , no soul to be seen .
hardly any cameras pointed into main office areas , they focussed on corridors or small , hidden corners behind filing cabinets .
we decided to head for the foyer after stuart said all team leaders are instructed to rally their employees either there or , in case of fire , the gravelled area out front .
each flat landing area indicated a new floor , with doors on both ends that opened into the main office .
` ` that door , '' stuart pointed to the end of the corridor , past the halves of zombie head , ` ` it 'll take us to the main foyer area .
on the other side stood a waist - high wall overlooking the coffee stall on the mezzanine level , which in turn had a balcony that overlooked the main foyer area , with susan 's desk and the main entrance down below .
splats of red liquid ran in a line from the axe to the one area of roof we did n't have a clear view of .
the out - building lit up like an overly decorated christmas tree with swirling lights blasting strong beams , lining the roof and brightening the area better than daylight .
i dragged the bag of guns up and moved , leading stuart and susan toward the defunct and pointless car park area .
he told her about the time stone nicked him in a lung , and how he almost had nt made it back to edwards new home in the saloon and how when he had , catching up to edward while he occupied the entire bar area of the saloon , the unicorn had laughed louder than ever , suggesting the gunslinger wear a stove plate over his heart if he insisted on continuing to fight .
many areas were even breached large , gaping holes imploded inward through the three - foot , ultra - dense metal .
all that remained to be done was some stone work and a few repairs in the lounge area .
it was then that she caught his eye ; it looked like a woman laying there in an awkward position on the ground near the pool area entrance .
he walked on out to the pool area and looked in all directions , there was no sign of anyone .
well , i knew a lady that ran one of those shops and she said that you could hear sounds coming from the hotel , such as dishes rattling from the kitchen area and even a band in the ballroom at certain times although it had been years since it had been opened .
the pool area looked fantastic and he was pleased that carlos and the boys were going such a great job .
the ride to the 1st floor seemed to take forever , when the doors finally opened in the lobby , he ran out the front doors and around the corner of the hotel to the pool area .
he turned his head to the right and looked over his shoulder toward the dining room area when he though he heard some dishes rattle , but there was nothing but silence as he looked on .
the covered area was extended to provide shade from the evening sun , making it a makeshift break and lunch area .
the covered area was extended to provide shade from the evening sun , making it a makeshift break and lunch area .
they hid their bikes behind some overgrown shrubs and went in through their secret spot in the fence and walked towards the covered area .
the covered area was at least sixty feet wide and another forty feet from the edge of the cover to the back entrance .
jake was working on the fourth floor , but was not allowed in the icu area unless he was taking mail or documents that needed to be delivered or signed .
not many know about the entrance in the delivery area .
they grabbed their things and headed down the steps to the delivery area on the lower floor .
he carefully walked through the area leading up to the door .
the candles outlined the party area in the hall , just outside the room where the mangler died .
they emerged from the shadows into the lighted area below the old street lamp .
doug said , wanting to run , but afraid to leave the lighted area and escape into the darknessa place where the mangler might be .
the first floor was administration , with floors two and three used as a ultra - modern assisted living area .
that stuff is what we need to build a special area for chickens why ?
the next three days , congratulating myself for bringing my laptop , i set up an office area off the kitchen .
michael walked to the area halfway between me and the opposite wall .
they 're in the prayer room next to the living area with the door open so i can hear their words very clearly as they tell the great master how unworthy they are of having such an exalted husband and why they hope to one day be worthy of him .
` ` i ' ve missed you so much , frida , '' he tells me when we get to a private area .
` ` i ' m so glad to see you , frida , '' he says when we 're in a private area .
i have to wait until we 're in our private area to ask him .
when we 're in a private area , i turn to him .
when we arrive at a private area , i turn to him .
he starts telling me the story as soon as we get to a private area .
he tries to get me to talk at a private area , but i only answer him with short words .
` ` this area is so booby trapped , frida that we 'll explode if we go in any other direction , '' he says miserably .
his eyes dart around the area .
it contained rooms for special investigations , a morgue with an autopsy room , utility rooms , and storage areas .
the lobby area of the hospital overflowed with angry people , most cursing at the officers and making threatening calls to the police station .
his eyes darted around the small waiting area by the station .
he started to move on when smothered sounds came from inside the darkened area .
maybe he could swing by the greensburg area and check on ashlee and teddy .
lance had nt worked in a restaurant since high school , but this looked like a kitchen prep area .
lance dropped his bag to the floor of the freezer and ventured back to the kitchen prep area .
by the entrance , he found a smaller area with timecards and cash registers .
lance peered around the dining area by the bar .
one more word , and a crash of splintering wood came from the bar area .
ralph spun the boy around and pushed him through the prep area , taking lances shotgun with him .
quietly moving through the prep area , lance peeked around the corner .
she looked around the dimly lit area .
on these old country roads , houses did nt have driveways and yards as much as a general area where people parked .
stepping into the clerical and nurses area , katherine was surprised that the night nurse was nt there .
the soldier nodded in a point at the tent area .
despite the heavy steel walls , the smell and the noise of the rotting extras gave the area a distinctly charnel atmosphere .
mitch sat in the waiting area , massaging his furrowed brow .
a woman is seated on a low wall by a play area .
lucky for me , lucas had the security clearance to sneak me into the isolation area of the clinic , and he d owed me a favor for a while .
the female guard at the decontamination area took a peek at my wrist and had hastily asked me about it .
the lady soldier gently pins the card to my shirt and points out the area where my bunk is located .
on the other side of the building i can see a cafeteria area and a line snaking a quarter of the way around the inside of the building .
my eyes drift to the cafeteria area , empty .
just then , i hear someone say , we need to pile them in the center over there , so nothing in the surrounding area can catch fire when we burn them .
large booths lined the large windows all across the l - shaped design , followed by two - seater tables in the middle of the restaurant area and stools all along the counter .
behind the counter stood a large kitchen island , with plates and soda glasses on one side , a milkshake maker and food preparation area on the other , and a long stove , oven and fryer parallel to it .
a swinging door to the right of the counter led into the back room , which held a storage area , an industrial dishwasher and a walk - in freezer .
with a kitchenette , complete with an oven , stove , microwave and refrigerator , four seater dining area , and even a toilet and shower , this would be much more comfortable than wyatts chevy , stylish as it may be .
ben buckled himself into the front passenger seat while jo and i strapped ourselves into the bench seats in the dining area .
i nodded and stepped back towards the dining area to wake jo .
the altar stood directly under the hole in the roof ; there was only rubble - the area was unreachable .
averting her eyes from the face shield , mums hurried into the next room and located what she believed to be the dining area .
she turned back to the dining area and weaved her way through the fallen chairs .
she continued backing across the flooded dining area , ignoring the temptation of a fresh breath of air .
i just heard the crawler at , and then something like a white wall fell into the area outside the backdoor , something that sent an explosion of water into the kitchen and into her eyes .
the quiet was broken by a long , curse - filled tirade that erupted into the reception area , a strangely vinegar scent fouled by rotted blood and sour meat arriving with it .
the shadows were already lying heavy across the area so i could not readily identify what was there .
it was four in the morning according to the clock on the shelf in the living room area .
she turned and left , she got into the hummer and made the drive back to the area of the temple and parked close to where they had parked before .
when maria came into the living area of their room she spotted the backpack and asked what it was , ryan told her it was packed full of c-4 and they were going to the worship service that night and that they would leave it as a gift .
lucifer walked around the city asking anyone who would stop and listen to him , he was becoming tired , a felling he had never known , he spotted an cafe and walked into the outside seating area and say down .
i came back out from the house area and you were gone .
they checked in and went to their room while they were putting their clothes away there was a knock on the door and ryan looked thru the peep hole in the door and saw the delivery man , he opened the door and let the man in and he set the crates down in the living area .
she gave him a quick peck on the cheek just before shuffling him into the breakfast area where the table was laid .
i can show you pictures ted started for the gated entrance to the stacks area .
the day room area of the wing was heavily populated by quiet people on this sunny day , most not even taking notice of the officers presence , but the attendants led officer littlehorse past it down one of the side corridors that looked very much like a hospital with neat doors lined up on either sides .
shane walked through the tunnel and into the main area of the building , a cavernous space that had probably been some sort of factory before zappow !
the ground floor , where he stood , was an open area primarily used for press events and zappow !
the rest of the ground floor had been laid out as a conference area , with expensive rolling chairs surrounding large tables , the walls lined with couches .
it looked as bad as he d ever seen it : the kitchen destroyedflour on the walls , sauce dried to crust on the counters and floors , the sink brimming with dirty dishesand the cafeteria in a similar state to the conference area on the ground floor , with every table covered by empty cans of voodoo .
he walked through the tunnel and into the main floor area .
the couches and chairs near shane were a waiting area of sorts , divided from the rest of the floor by the senior secretarys desk .
behind her desk was another meeting area , with a wet bar the ceo kept stocked with expensive liquors and champagnethe guy liked to pop corks , and he took every game launch or earnings report as an opportunity to do so .
he went to the meeting area , picked the conference phone off the table , and tried again .
but the sides of the rooms were shaded by the upper floors , and the weak light made the shadowed areas seem even darker .
the pub was larger than it looked from the outside with the inside divided into the eating area and the bar .
an officer approached the taped off area of the pub .
they passed the office area to a hallway .
leo and ruth lived on four acres , overgrown except for the area around the single - wide trailer , an unattached garage to the side .
the trailer was dated but cozy , the door leading to a small area between the living room and kitchen .
driving the hi - lo , cole had returned from the storage area , picking up a pallet full of parts at one of the machines .
loiss voice , the sound coming from the storage area .
he was turning the corner , entering the dining area , when he saw colbie standing there in her pajamas , white - blonde hair sticking up .
the kitchen area looked at bit cleaner , dishes drying in the rack .
so do i. max looked through the glass , but saw nothing unusual , just the dining area and kitchen .
a trail of blood led out of the dining area and living room .
the spacious area still contained the furnace and hot water heater , rotting carpet on the floor .
the area was dark , the machines off .
anna walked back to the office area , near her desk .
aside from roland , there was a man who visited one night , and his eyes glowed in the darker areas of the house .
while patrick held onto brian 's pants with one hand , he grabbed a cigar lighter on the fireplace 's white brick seating area and lit the gas .
when i made it to the porch of the victorian - looking home , i saw it for what it was , not what it was made to appear , and when i stepped into the empty living area , with its one chair and the one being residing in it , i recognized that the man with lightning in his body was not sick .
severed body parts lay scattered across the parking area .
michelle nodded , but kept staring at the scattered limbs in the parking area .
we made our way across the parking area , taking care not to step on any limbs or blood pools .
they sat down in the dining area with their order number , waiting for food , when terry spoke up .
there were desks scattered about the area , some with stacks of papers , others with weapons , some with gold and jewels .
the laughter resonated even louder as a band of ghoulish figures joined in from the loft area .
as i looked up , i saw a large opening in one area of the ceiling and on the ground directly below was a pile of boulder type rocks strangely speckled with tiny luminescent green dots .
gray metal stock shelves lined the walls , the kind you d see in a pharmacy storage area , except these shelves did nt hold prescription remedies for itchy hemorrhoids or flaky dandruff , these shelves held a huge arsenal of knives , guns , pipe bombs , ammunition and remote detonators .
angelo trailed after vincent as they moved through the dining area and around a corner to where a well stocked bar sat beneath a trellis of wine glasses and creeping vine lights .
( 41 ) they walked past a row of one armed bandits , a gaming room filled with roulette wheels flanked by a dozen or so blackjack and poker tables , and into another lounge area with a small stage that was cluttered with musical instruments and amplifiers .
a modest dining area with old cooking appliances sat in one corner .
the mercantile also had a window that looked in upon an open concept shopping area which was compiled of empty mason jars , bolts of raw sewing material , and various handmade farm tools .
fred and i stood in the reception area of the hospital ; both of us were covered in blood and guts except for my hair .
from where she was standing she could see the bar area and just the very tip of the stage on the left .
we have a lounge area with coffee down the hall .
he waved to jimbo ( almost in a saluting kind of way ) who was manning the dj area .
* the sweet aroma of sugar cream pie filling filled the entire downstairs area of the house as amy flew down the staircase wearing a short blue jean skirt and her tight little pink blouse she bought the other day .
as she entered the main floor area , the scene in front of her portrayed what a drifter might come across in a ghost town in hell .
he glanced around bar area as the motley crue played on the p.a .
she walked out of the bar area and headed for the ladies restroom with its glorious and vile female aroma waiting to bid her farewell .
randy foster then navigated his bulky frame around the few desks that barred his path to the door , and then strode out into the common area .
they piled tin cans and food in one area , stacking three coolers next to a folding table they had brought , along with a gas fueled camping stove .
the evening shade had draped across the entire area .
the sound of giant metal fans whirring filled the office area , leafs of paper and plant material waved under the onslaught of the air .
one of them left to go retrieve a janitor and get a trash bag for the body , while the other directed them to a seating area off to the side of the elevator and began to ask them interview questions about the event .
gibbons pushed the door open and turned to where sheriff mckinneys office lay , at the back of the office area .
i observed french landscaping , an outdoor dining area with a gazebo , lots of tall trees , a pool , a mini golf course and a baseball diamond .
everyone eventually gathered out by the pool area .
i arrived in the dining area to a table filled with a variety of fresh fruit , crepes , and waffles .
we ran upstairs , showered and headed to the dining area for lunch .
patty suddenly remembered everything : that there was a small area behind the house where the servants parked , and that her mother would lower the backseat of the car , cover the back with blankets , toys and books , and leave patty there for her entire shift .
beyond the living room , which looked new , or at least rarely used , was a room the family probably actually used , a den - like area with furniture that was a little more comfortable and scuffed , and a small amount of clutter .
she went inside and searched the area of the bar where they d been sitting .
at that signal several of the inmates moved to behind a thick velvet curtain at the back of the stage area .
i start to creep around the edges of the torchlight , to stay outside the dining area .
at the centre of the dome there is a raised area surrounded by thick blue glass .
another dead thing appeared from the open garage area .
here we go , henry said , walking clear of the hedge and into the open pool area .
the first room they entered was a large dining room that led to the open kitchen and living area beyond .
nice open area , fireplace , beautiful furniture , island , granite countertops !
soon everyone was hanging out in the kitchen and dining area .
they had entered a large kitchen and dining room area .
every night she locked herself in the kitchen and dining area .
when she entered the kitchen and dining area , a momentary calm engulfed her .
that one area directly above were dirk had stood when he stepped on stage for the last time , remained in darkness ; darkness so complete that no amount of brightness or contrast would display an image .
the main living area is clear .
' a small sitting area .
across the spacious living room , carefully skirting the area governed by the huge bible .
its right around the corner , she said , motioning in the general direction of the hallway leading off to the right past the receptionists area .
i needed to get as many people in to the enclosed area as fast as possible .
we had tried to clear out this corridor as much as possible , but there had to be a couple of zombies that had wandered into the area since we were last here .
the gym was partitioned into multiple areas , and the whole ward building except for the chapel got turned into semi - private apartments .
i stayed at the barracks and cheryl stayed at a single womens dorm area .
a 30 foot diameter area was surrounded by steel fencing that went all the way up to the ceiling .
without another word , my sister drifted from the room , and i turned back to the sitting area .
we went through a different door this time , which brought us into the dining area .
in the viewing area , the wallscreen cast a yellow glow to the room and its occupants .
but he caught koloptuas watchful eyes and remained in the viewing area .
the kitchen and living room area were side by side and of equal length , though the kitchen was not as wide as the living room .
mum had dubbed this space the staging area because it reminded her of the dressing rooms in the back of the theater where she had been acting in a play at the time she had met amys father in london on business .
to the right was a full - length mirror and , beside that , yet another area , though much smaller , in which to hang clothing .
amy quickly scanned her memory but found no recollection of noticing a door at the back of the staging area tucked between the small closet space and the lighted mirror .
it was the only thing the light from the staging area illuminated .
amy would nt doubt it for a moment if displaying the wedding dresses in the staging area was not a subliminal reminder of amys singleness .
amy looked around her studio area .
but her attention was focused on the door at the back of the staging area .
* * * there was nothing weird in the storage area .
look , celia had said , if something happens in here , she opened her arms wide to indicate both the living room and studio areas , ill know about it .
there was the door at the back of the staging area .
yet , each time she left the living room or studio area , there would be those paintings : celias on the easel , the blond propped against the wall .
checked the door at the back of the staging area .
amelia knew she was coming over today to help her tackle the storage area .
she flipped on the lights in the staging area .
mom walked the apartment from the bedroom to the living room area .
they had heard the noise from the workers coming from various areas of the house .
she could see the light from edgars study and gave the area a wide berth .
someone had paid special attention to flooring a large area up here , providing a suitable staging area for any number of boxes she ( or anyone else ) should ever wish to leave .
someone had paid special attention to flooring a large area up here , providing a suitable staging area for any number of boxes she ( or anyone else ) should ever wish to leave .
i believe you two young handsome men have made a special request to see me , said a middle aged woman with a friendly wrinkled face to rich and ned as they sat waiting in visitors area .
a big , heavily - mustached man in a white chef outfit with a white hat , the chef stormed furiously into the dining area .
she walked over to his area and placed a hand on his back , watching his eyes dart back and forth , and felt pain for him , pain of wasted youth and a life spent creating something worthless .
instead , they entered the dining area of the lobby , where six psychics were chatting .
a man in a duster jacket entered the screened in area , pat lookedbut he vanishednothing there .
we are filed out into the changing area which is down a few more pale and uninteresting corridors .
i m back in the changing area .
the next area served as entrance to the rig .
i follow the next areas , corridors and adjacent rooms containing supercomputers and navigational gear blindly on auto pilot .
i watch as he pushes his eight foot tall frame through a confined tunnel and disappear , along with our light , into another area of the cave .
i quickly scramble to my feet , neglecting to look around the new area , and swing back around to peer down the tight crawl space we just forced our way through .
i do nt mind small spaces or confined areas but this has a different feel to it than i am used to .
there are two large towers housed in an area no larger than a closet that would purify the air .
i can just about make out nozzles in the area above that .
people in labs , looking through toughened glass into a room beyond , are more often than not , studying something in a secure area .
steps line the first wall and we follow them down into the main boarding , warehousing and distribution area .
` ` aan , i have to clear this up , otherwise there will be a flood of books here '' she said ` ` ok , we will have it on some another day , '' goku said , though he was trying to smile , but we were knowing that , from inside he was quite sad.we left from the place , with the books inside a poly bag , i would have helped him to lift it , but he carried it alone all along the way , we stopped at a parlour area and ordered two butter scotch , and a chocolate for farhan .
we locked our room , and moved towards the dinner area , at the way , mrs reema passed through us she was also there with the students .
ray and billy sat on opposite sides of a worn folding card table in the tiny kitchen area .
we were all still sitting at the table in the dining area and diane and katie both whipped their heads in that direction .
* londinium - ad60 the gladiators were practicing on the hard packed earth training area when they first heard the shouts , boudicca is coming !
at a set of traffic lights in the hammersmith area he fumbled through the glove compartment for his az .
the apartment was a little disappointing ; it was above a row of shops and consisted of a small office in the front room , a combined bathroom and toilet , a small kitchen area and a bed - sitting room , it was a bit seedy but would nevertheless still suit eve 's purposes .
she parked on the shingled area in the front garden , feeling nervous about seeing the old cottage again , ghosts of her parent 's untimely deaths haunted her dreams and she 'd spent years trying to block out the memories .
the shack consisted of a downstairs living room with a kitchen area at one end and a narrow wooden staircase that led up to the single bedroom , she wondered how he managed to get up such a tiny space .
after , she would stroll about the rest area , looking at the trees and fields through the high wire fence .
* * * 2 she caught up tardily with his excitement at kilometer 58 when the car went past her rest area , as though into some uncharted territory although the white fields and bare trees did nt change .
we turned another corner and the area opened up into a waiting room where twelve foldable brown chairs were lined up in three rows of four .
posh elevators and a few lights were on in certain areas .
thomas had to pass through the darkest areas in order to reach the elevator .
in order to reach the elevator he had to cross over four - way intersections that lead to all areas of the twentieth level .
there was a counter and coat check area before patrons entered through the doors of the main building .
he entered the darkened intersection of the corridor that crisscrossed an adjoined area .
his home had a cul - de - sac with a dim security light that brightened the front area , so as a precaution , he parked in the rear amid the cover of the night .
according to the stories i ve been told , they re inside some areas so deep that no one will dare go in after them - especially during the evening .
this area led to paths that directed pedestrians out of the park and onto the busy streets .
ainsley , who was brilliant in mathematics and a college graduate , managed the downstairs area while four of her younger brothers helped as her assistants .
the old man pointed to a wooded area with an arched white wood entry , and case curbed the car .
through the arch , case could see a large graveled area with a wire fence and wooden stadium seating that barely held back the encircling tall grass and scrub oaks .
a nurse guided him to a common area familiar to him for its universally fetid odor , old magazines and sticky vinyl couches .
a couple of months back the night watchman was found dead in the reception area .
a wooden spool and rotting rope littered the area , more drilling debris .
the sofas in the reception area were already full .
the technical interview panel was in a cabin , next to the reception area .
and this is only their reception area , he thought .
the entire office could easily fit inside this reception area .
the odc or the offshore development center was the walled in area where the development team sat .
depending on the importance of the project , some development teams sat in odcs while others sat in the normal work areas .
the reaper nodded and motioned towards the dining area .
the woman at sunspot said it would take about a half an hour to send the contract and rate confirmation over , so i decided to check out the little store area for a while .
when i got there i was directed into a bullpen area where fifteen or twenty other trucks were already waiting .
while i was up in that area of the rig , i decided to check out the innards of the reefer to see how things were going .
a little cafe area outside of the iron skillet looked like a good place to sit and read a newspaper , so i decided to go for it .
the urge to pull off and drain the lizard rose up every time i passed a rest area , but i just could n't bring myself to do it .
as fate would have it , the area of the building in which polyphemus had been stored was n't covered by any of the cameras .
technically , she was required to take her break in the rear of the store in the kitchen area , but she wanted to spend her time somewhere a little more interesting .
the church is an odd design , with the sanctuary slightly above street level and this whole basement area with a few separate rooms the reception area and joes office at the front , a conference room , and two other offices built off the sides and a huge empty space in between .
the church is an odd design , with the sanctuary slightly above street level and this whole basement area with a few separate rooms the reception area and joes office at the front , a conference room , and two other offices built off the sides and a huge empty space in between .
after i filled one of the mugs that was on the shelf below the coffee maker , i went through the door into the basement area .
kate greeted me , ignored my offer of a cup of coffee , and darted through the door into the basement area .
i debated about turning and walking across the front grass area and down the slope to the street .
the lantern was on its side just out of reach in the cramped area she found herself in .
i went to the right to check the kitchen and laundry areas .
grabbing a chrome railing for support , he climbed into the front storage area of the bus .
as they went down the other side of the small hill he saw a huge ditch about three quarters of a mile ahead and a big circular turnaround area at the end of the road .
the spiders bore him inward on a spiraling maze until they reached the chamber of the queen , a solid white hive of spiderweb , the only area in the entire spaceship with solid walls , floor , and ceiling .
darkness was just beginning to swallow the light and twilight was coming when he noticed strange globes on the cameras that monitored the rear area of the house and the deck .
he found margaret hanson sitting in her wheel chair in an area outside the building they called the park .
elton walked over to a rest area where a table and several chairs had been set up for the residents so they could relax while traveling along the trails .
today , in modern times , if you happen to enter the wrong sort of social area on the internetsuch as a filthy , lowlife chat roomyou will encounter nothing more than tasteless messages that reveal immature perceptions of sex .
michael led amber to the basement ; an impressive living area , fully carpeted and finished with elaborate furnishings and full bar .
but the solution was simple as the dickly castle had a large basement that was an impressive living area , fully carpeted and finished with elaborate furnishings and full bar .
once at the bottom level , alex carefully examined the wheelchair lift , in particular , the area that appeared to receive main power .
i glanced around the waiting area for any signs of what had caused the smell .
i got a fork for the fried rice and sweet and sour pork and headed into the living area trying to balance it all long enough to set it all down on the coffee table without spilling or dropping anything .
this will allow you into certain areas of the building , notably the custodial closets which are otherwise locked electronically .
i heard the tires of that car screech earlier and then someone in the cubicle area shouted something about a fight outside .
i spun around and looked back into the main area of the apartment in case i might catch a glimpse of something which did not belong , but it was also deserted .
i moved cautiously back into the main area , anticipating someone or something jumping out at me for some unutterable purpose .
i sat in the caf area of the bookstore with six books stacked off to one side on the table and one open in front of me .
presumably he either had nt arrived yet or they were keeping him sequestered away in a staff only area .
he moved off in the direction of numerous folding chairs set up facing the caf area .
it stretched as far as the wide open cubicle area had and longer but it was an enclosed corridor all the way with other tributary halls periodically branching away .
there were a series of cabinets above and below with an open area in between and a countertop .
i walked into the main living area unsatisfied and plopped onto the futon .
katie had nt been moved to another area of the hospital for tests or treatment as i had hoped .
my survey of the room revealed the source : in the dim light i saw a curtain closed over an area of the wall a little taller and wider than a man .
satisfied that i could keep the pain to a minimum i went back out to the main area of my little apartment and picked up my laptop .
i unlocked the door to the patient areas .
we had waited in the reception area until we heard from him .
it was nt long before we came to a wider area , a chamber .
the basement ran nearly the full length of the building , though half of the total area was sectioned off for use as an underground garage and storage facility .
cleaning the area up should be pretty simple and at least some good practice .
they pulled the cart to the back of the storage area , and true enough there was an elevator and even more surprisingly billy had the key for it .
jason and billy cleared an area about ten feet long and four feet wide , revealing the tar slathered roof , they then covered the blank spot with the rug that they had found in the furnishings department downstairs .
sarge had quartered himself with his platoon , about fifty feet from the common area in a little cubicle made of plywood to allow a little privacy in the wide - open warehouse .
one main living area and kitchen that took up most of the ground floor .
his plans called for putting a couple of bedrooms at the rear of the living area , and a loft above for extra sleeping space ( where amy and jason would be ) .
it would suit their needs well for the short term , but come the spring they would want to build outbuildings for the couples to live in , and just use the main building as a communal area .
douglas lead them to the left side of the big box , to the gate leading to the fenced off area that held the lumber inventory .
jason had found everything that he would ever need leaving amy and lynn to haul it to the car as he puttered around the storage area .
the two of them joined jason in the storage area at the back of the shop .
lorie placed the skillet down on top of the dead zombies stomach , went out of the kitchen and into the dining area .
she came over to join sven , who was leading the zombies in , on a direct path from the door toward the swinging doors that led into the restaurants dining area .
he pointed into the center of the parking lot , the area where milt had encountered the horde of shopper zombies .
hey , brian said , coming up behind sven , watch out for that area over there .
there were noises coming from the area to which brian was pointingsloshing , churning , and ripping noises , and sven could easily imagine what they meant .
lorie left the side area in which she had been sleeping with the others and turned into the basements main hallway .
it was dark except for the area directly next to the entrance of the tunnel .
the office area was nt big enough for twenty workers , but he still had trouble locating the sounds .
you 'll pass an area that templin uses as a bathroom .
nick and sarah were waiting on a pair of stools in the bar area of la mela , he with a martini , three olives , and she with a manhattan , the cherry stem resting on the cocktail napkin and tied in a loose knot .
nick took his new drink and reentered the display area for the paintings , walking half - way down the aisle and stopping before a painting that seemed to have a man clutching at his head and shouting with pain or rage while ragged ghosts encircled him .
there are no walls on the first floor , only a skeleton of two - by - fours and ceiling joists , and the areas which would be rooms are set with linen - covered tables .
i d not yet completed my search there , and before i considered going into the back yard , i would be bathing that area in the light from the back porch and the switch was only accessible from inside .
the hall door would have taken me out to the same area , but i wanted the benefit of following the bloody footprints directly .
i see you ve got weapons , and that s good , because at this point , i have no idea what you ll find in the unsecured areas of the building .
can you tell me if the abnormals that s what were calling them for the time being are concentrated or more prevalent in a particular area of the building ?
this area became the food court , gem said , not smiling .
this will allow the machine gun to sit directly center above the front cockpit area .
he put on a gas mask , checked on jamie , and came back in the front area of the motor home .
i rationalized by the advent of indoor plumbing , it was the only available area on the first floor that would nt compromise the original layout .
malcolm took off his navy blue sport coat with all the band buttons and threw it on the futon in the large living area .
he walked barefoot and shirtless into the small kitchen that was adjoined to the living area .
a booming voice shouted from the room across the living area .
josh was led into the holding area of the new denver police station .
josh heard his name called and looked around the lobby area to see who had said it .
josh was beyond the point of crying and felt himself grow number with each step he took back toward the lobby area .
the courtroom was a big wooden area with nice pews and a modern looking judge bench .
daniels turned off the exit to look out mountain and drove up the steep mountain side road until he finally got to the parking area .
you got to the kitchen by going up half a dozen redwood steps to a raised area that gleamed with chrome and formica .
` ` we ca n't do as much for our students in the counselling area as we would like .
a crisco can and then buried , it could be put in a sucrets tin and slid behind a board that had been loosened and then replaced ; he might even have ridden the bus to san diego and put it behind one of the rocks in the decorative stone wall which surrounds the bears '' environmental area .
her gloved hand loosens , moves , then pushes down firmly , trying to clear the viewing area .
the empty cage was unmarked , and the snake that popped out of my golf bag ( the ambulance orderlies had packed it in with my ` ` corpse '' and had been practicing chip shots out in the ambulance parking area ) was never found .
above is a dark area which can not quite be called a utility space , although a few pipes and wires do run through it .
he saw me do more than this in slawter , but that enclosed area was crackling with magical energy .
the room was big , with two different conversation areas complete with couches and chairs .
i walked to the little sitting area to the side of the room , with its chair and ottoman .
i 'd made nicky go farther into the underground to the area where the wereanimals kept food for fresh changes .
` ` they would give her someone to torture in a private area where no one could reach her , or her victim . ''
nicky came out of his locker area in shorts and a t - shirt that looked like it was straining to hold all his muscles into one tight packet .
37 the bags were in a smaller room off the main area .
39 the drapes had been stripped around the living room so that the carpeted area looked like an island in the middle of the bare rock walls and the uncarpeted floor that led farther into the underground .
micah led us toward the carpeted area , but i could n't resist looking toward the corner where haven had died .
41 i realized that without the ardeur i did n't want to have sex in the bare living room with the only main door from the upper areas forcing people to walk right by us .
he came to the door between the inner office and the area behind the reception desk , with its pigeonholes , security monitors , and its bank of computers .
he was sitting with jordan on the bench at the back of the bus , in front of the luggage area where their packs were stowed .
then he saw they had spilled into the grassy parking lots adjoining the main exhibition area as well and revised his estimate upward .
clay and the others passed a parking area filled with trucks ( new england amusement corp . was printed on the sides , along with a roller - coaster logo ) .
` ` that 's far enough , jordan , '' clay murmured as the headlights neared the speaker - standards on the far side of the open area .
patches of fire dotted the mall area where concerts , outdoor dances , and various competitions had been held , but the chunks of the exploding bus had swept farther than that .
the few that passed close by their little group showed no interest in them ; they either continued on toward the midway area or plunged into the woods west of the expo grounds , where clay was quite sure they would die of exposure unless they could reestablish some sort of flock consciousness .
arnie , who had always scuttered past the smoking area at school like a hunted thing , never even flinched .
like the kids in the smoking area at school , like ralph on basin drive , like buddy repperton ( we 'll be talking about him all too soon , i ' m afraid ) , he had taken an instant dislike to arnie - it was a case of hate at first sight .
for arnie , going to class in the shop area was like visiting a demilitarized zone .
but by the time arnie and i had the ugly confrontation near the smoking area behind the shop with buddy repperton - and i think that was during the third week of classes - it was pretty clear we were n't going to have a winning season .
supposedly the smoking area is around at the rear , but on nice days during the lunch break , there are usually shoppies lined up along both sides of the building with their motorcycle boots or their pointy - toed cuban shitkickers cocked up against the building , smoking and talking to their girlfriends .
the real smoking area - the ' designated ' smoking area is in a small cul - de - sac behind the auto shop .
the real smoking area - the ' designated ' smoking area is in a small cul - de - sac behind the auto shop .
there was a group of people just beyond the smoking area , twenty or thirty of them in a tight little circle .
' i came past the smoking area on my way out to the bleachers to eat my lunch , ' arnie said .
we were walking past the smoking area now , deserted except for three guys and two girls , hurriedly finishing a joint .
- jonathan richman and the modern lovers the parking - lot - attendant that night - every night from six until ten , as a matter of fact - was a young man named sandy galton , the only one of buddy repperton 's close circle of hoodlum friends who had not been in the smoking area on the day repperton had been expelled from school .
she stood fascinated , her small gloved hands on the rail of the display area , watching it race around and around , moving fast , driving itself , until her mother pulled her gently away .
if leigh had the interview with the police right , then arnie had n't told a single lie ... but he had edited things to make what had happened in the smoking area sound like your ordinary pushy - pushy .
his door was shut , but there was an intercom , always on , between the office and the long , barnlike garage area .
a small cluster of shivering boys and girls gathered out in the smoking area where buddy had taken arnie on that day last fall .
the double roar of the shotgun was terrific in the closed holding area .
steve went the other way , into the driver 's area , ducking his head so as not to bump it .
there were perhaps five seconds of silence in the holding area , broken only by the muffled sobs of the woman named mary .
shadows had begun to gather in the holding area now and her face swam in them , pale as paper .
they were in a reception area .
at the end of the corridor , bright yellow light filled up what looked to steve like a work area of some kind - a shop , maybe , or a lab .
the gap between the vertical bars was at least four inches and maybe five the cells in the holding area had been built to hold men brawny miners , for the most part - not skinny eleven year - old boys , and he did n't expect much trouble slipping through .
soaped up , naked as a peeled shrimp , he had gotten as far as his chin , and there he was stuck , with the whole length of his body out in the holding area and his head back inside the cell .
with the narrowest aspect of his skull presented to the bars , he was able to deliver himself into the holding area without too much more trouble .
a howl - terrible because it was so close - rose from the holding area .
the large space at the end of the quonset hut looked like a combination workroom , lab , and storage area .
he had no more than started to open the door between the littery reception area and the outside when it was snatched prankishly out of his hands .
spray - painted on the wall behind the clerks ' area in big red letters was this : in these silences something may rise .
behind the counter area was an open safe ( david saw more stacks of paper but no money , and nothing that looked disturbed ) .
david got up and walked slowly into the holding area .
mary reached out , took johnny 's hand - her fingers were cold as ice - and pulled him through the door which led into the clerks ' area .
johnny took a single look up at the hanging corpses and thought : the storm , the coyotes sitting along the road like an honor guard , the one in the holding area , the buzzards , the dead .
` ` put em a - row , '' he said , and david did , lining them up neatly at the foot of the stairs , where the light from the clerks ' area would fall on them .
johnny leaped past the astonished billingsley , down on one knee loading guns , and pelted upstairs toward the holding area , praying to david carver 's god that his cellular telephone was still intact .
1 the cellular phone was lying all the way across the holding area , at the foot of a file - cabinet with a pat buchanan for president sticker on it .
these illuminated a little restaurant area ( deserted ) , a cluster of slot machines ( dark ) , and a pair of blackjack tables .
at the far end of the room was a little shopping area .
half a dozen dirty fluorescents buzzed to life above the garage area .
the door which led into the holding area was also standing open .
in the holding area , all the cells which had been occupied were now standing open and empty .
the woman collie entragian had taken from the detention area and down the stairs had been five - six , a hundred and thirty pounds .
there was a stage area in front of the screen - a kind of architectural holdover , johnny assumed , since vaudeville must have been dead by the time this place was built .
he glanced around , a little worried about billingsley now , and saw the old man coming down the short , narrow corridor which led from the bathrooms to the backstage area , where the rest of them were clustered .
he kept seeing kirstie lying motionless at the foot of the stairs , kept seeing entragian pulling ellie across the holding area by the arm .
storage area had been , how powerfully it had affected them , and neither seemed to want to come out and say what had happened when the wolf ( they agreed that that was what it had been , not a coyote ) brought the fragment out of the lab and laid it before them .
the thing that looked like ellen carver sat behind the desk in the now - empty holding area , head up , eyes gleaming lustrously .
as the cougar came through the door and into the holding area , slinking low to the board floor , her ears laid back against her wedgeshaped skull , the thing cored into her head a little further , wanting to experience a bit of what the cougar was feeling as well as to draw her .
her dad - he 's the butcher as well as the owner - was sitting in the little office area , shot in the head .
at the bottom of the pit , just below the ragged hole , was a parking area filled with ore freighters , diggers , pickup trucks , and tread - equipped vehicles that looked sort of like world war ii tanks .
beyond the parking area and the buildings were vast heaps of even more radically crumbled rock , piled on black plastic .
then the office area with a desk and a few old file cabinets and a time - clock on the wall , a rack of timecards , the potbellied stove , a toolchest , a few picks and shovels in a rusty tangle , a calendar showing a blonde in a bikini .
` ` do you remember when the cop threw you into the holding area where we were ? ''
a plain oak table , long enough to accommodate eight places , defined the dining area .
there was a woodstove in the kitchen and a fireplace in the living area ; when both were going , the place made you feel stupid with the heat even if it was twenty below outside .
jonesy brought his eggs and soup into the living area , working not to limp - it was amazing how much more his his hip hurt in bad weather , he had always thought that was an old wives ' tale but apparently it was not - and sat in one of the chairs at the end of the couch .
soon they would join the others in the holding area .
except for the john q 's in the holding area , that is . '
there were patches on the couch , the counter between the kitchen and the dining area , and on the seats of two of the three stools which stood on the living - room side of the counter .
the skipper was sitting in a cane rocking chair in the living - room area .
i ' m sorry , i have to say it , when this officious bitch pulled me out of the sweep area and ... ' ' he was running with them , ' mcavoy said in a bored voice .
4 ten minutes later , duddits came fully to life , pointing them into the first turnpike rest area below augusta .
up ahead was the rest area where mr gray had traded his plow for the cook 's subaru , where owen and henry had also briefly pulled in because the line went in there .
pulling out of the mile 81 rest area ( pearly was greedily glugging down his second bottle of naya water by the time they rejoined the traffic flow ) , kurtz and his men were roughly seventy - five miles behind jonesy and mr gray , twenty miles behind kurtz 's prime quarry .
that evening , when the road across the winsor dam is closed , the escort is found , abandoned , in the picnic area at goodnough dike .
there were closed - circuit cameras installed to watch the loading - dock areas behind the crossroads mall .
i sat , i listened to worried conversations compete with the tv - cackle , and every now and then i went to one of the areas where cell phones were allowed and used wireman 's to call jack .
they would remain crated , i assumed , in the storage area at the back of the gallery , until just before the show opened .
the crowd many of them still applauding parted for us , and i saw the three of them in the reception area , where two tables with a punch - bowl on each had been set up .
vi even those who did n't know john eastlake 's surviving daughter from a hole in the wall understood that a personage had come among them , and the tidal flow which had moved toward the reception area at the sound of mary ire 's exuberant shout now reversed itself as i rolled the wheelchair into the alcove where most of the sunset with pictures had been hung .
v early that afternoon , i found myself standing in the boarding area at dolphin aviation , kissing my friends and relatives goodbye , or shaking their hands , or hugging them , or all three .
the outbuilding 's central area was empty save for an ancient tractor sitting wheelless on the massive stumps of its axles , but in one of the equipment stalls , the light of our powerful flashlight picked out a few rusty , left - over tools and a wooden ladder leaning against the back wall .
there are a few dancers and bouncers that will do the fur - fuckers , but she wanted one of us to do it in the private dance area right then .
serial killers do that a lot , put a weapon on you in a public area , and then make you get into their car , promising not to hurt you .
he had started getting specimens from a medical supply house , she said , and the area of the basement which he had designated as his darkroom - to - be only the year before now smelled of mortuary chemicals .
and , sitting at a long table on the far side of the rail which divides the room between the area set aside for the spectators and that which belongs to the combatants , is a skinny , impossibly tall figure clad in a bright - orange jailhouse overall .
she was still looking fixedly at the signature on the visor of her base - ball cap when mom turned into the parking area , still far away ( trish is off in her own world was how her father put it ) , unaware that there were teeth hidden in the ordinary tex - ture of things and she would soon know it .
they 'd call out for her , then retrace their steps , asking people they met on the trail if they 'd seen a girl in a red sox cap ( she 's nine but tall for her age and looks older , trisha could hear her mom saying ) , and when they got back to the park - ing area and found she was n't in the van , they 'd start get - ting seriously worried .
it made trisha feel funny to think she had almost walked out of a radio station 's broadcast area the way that you drove out of them when you were on a long car - trip .
scruffy grass grows up the lines , but the area between the pitcher 's rubber and home plate is almost completely bald .
his gaze had shifted to the area beside the cabinet .
they had given me a blanket to hold around my shoulders in the chill of the night air , but the cement of the open balcony area was damn cold under bare feet .
becca and her musical theater , and the fact that he was still taking her to dance class twice a week , that amused me enough for me to say , ` ` i want to see you sitting with all the suburban moms in the waiting area . ''
olaf was outside , under a little covered area to one side of the hospital entrance .
lisandro found a parking space in front of the banked windows of the office area .
he motioned and the werelions moved up and out in the large , nearly circular open area .
` ` i know the walkway , '' he said , ` ` but i do n't see what you're- '' ` ` you just stand there and it carries you all the way to the baggage - claim area .
now , as the plane with the duck on the side begins its long descent into the boston area , her mind turns to that again ... and to stan uris ... and to an unsigned poem that came on a postcard ... and the voices ... and to those few seconds when she had been eye to eye with something that was perhaps infinite .
his eyes never left the blood that had spattered the area of the bathroom around the wash - basin .
the birdbath his father had mentioned stood on this flat area .
they had worked their way into the kitchen area of the apartment now .
as he was mopping up on that apocalyptic morning in derry , working his way gradually closer and closer to the serving area , he saw all seven of the beer taps - three bud , two narragansett , one schlitz ( known more familiarly to the bleary patrons of wally 's as slits ) , and one miller lite - nod forward , as if pulled by seven invisible hands .
the combination police - station - courthouse stands on the edge of the area that fell into the canal , and while it did n't go , the upheaval - or the flood - must have caused structural damage of which no one was aware .
every school has a smoking area .
he started around the table toward us ( the area behind him was completely empty now , and looked like the aftermath of a brawl in a western movie saloon ) .
he backed carefully away from the phone , and when he gained the room 's one reasonably clear area , he began the laborious job of turning the wheelchair around , careful not to bump the occasional table as he did so .
he disappeared through the curtained doorway at the back of the shop and she heard him climbing stairs - the upstairs area , she supposed , must be his living quarters , if only temporarily - to get plates and forks .
norris looked up and smiled as alan crossed the small bullpen area .
then alan pushed out into the bullpen area again with keeton at his heels .
in this area , which the friendly folks at the dick perry siding and door company in south paris called a breezeway , brian parked his bike again .
gaunt strolled toward the curtain which closed off the shop from the area behind it .
it tasted absolutely grand , swimmy head or no swimmy head , and he felt he could understand perfectly why smoking was now off - limits in the public areas of every hospital in america .
one of the things he noticed was the fact that there was a light on in the living area above needful things .
they had heard mr . gaunt back there behind the hanging velvet drape which divided the shop from the storage area , shifting goods , moving boxes around ... but there was nothing at all in the room until ace stacked the crates in one corner at mr . gaunt 's direction .
now the bullpen area of the sheriff 's office was beginning to resemble a tornado zone .
she snatched the shotgun off the wall , cocked it , and ran back into the bullpen area , which was now a shambles .
the area was now a tangle of struggling , punching , gouging , yelling figures .
he searched the register and surrounding area with a focused frown , and before i could register a thought , my legs broke out into a sprint toward the station .
their hunting grounds are the showers , the cramped , tunnel - like area way behind the industrial washers in the laundry , sometimes the infirmary .
and in those days there was no electronic locking system , no closed - circuit tv , no master - switches which controlled whole areas of the prison .
he appealed for anyone who may have seen the car leaving the construction area by heron street to come forward .
police were called to the grand street area of the construction when a number of fires and explosions were seen by ( continued page 5 col . 2 ) he folded the paper and put it on top of a tattered pile of magazines .
the cellar had been henry petrie 's domain , and it re ? flected his personality perfectly : three high - intensity lights had been hung in a straight line over the work area , each shaded with a wide metal shell that allowed the light to fall with strong brilliance on the planer , the jigsaw , the bench saw , the lathe , the electric sander .
jimmy stepped away from petrie 's shop area and started for the stairs .
the door was one of only two ways into the underground area where jean - claude and his vampires slept .
` ` sorry , sheriff , but once a warrant of execution is in effect and the hunt begins , i ' m legally bound to keep my kit in sight , or secured by me , or with me watching , in an area out of sight of the general public . ''
i noticed sort of peripherally that there was a carpeted exercise area to the left , but i mostly looked at the vehicles .
i nodded , and followed them around the edge of the exercise area .
most of them had simply moved to the weight - lifting area and started working out .
i sighed again , laid the vest with my other gear , and walked toward the weight area .
chapter 25 i made two calls from the car as edward drove us out of the industrial/ business area where the coroner 's office was located , through businesses that were anywhere , usa .
it looked like almost every other officer in vegas was already clustered at the front area .
bernardo and olaf caught up with us as we got to the outer lobby area .
it had a small runway and a circular area with seats around it .
the other dancers were in the back rooms being interviewed , because we had the vampires in the front area between all the little stages .
he turned toward the kitchenette area .
epilogue requiem spent the rest of the day in the downstairs area with max .
he moved past me and walked into the dining area with the open kitchen to the right .
the sidewinder public library was a small , retiring building one block down from the town 's business area .
he had been told , and told bluntly , that certain areas of the hotel were off limits : the equipment shed , the basement , and all of the guest rooms .
he was tired of playing out back , and at this time of day the hotel 's shadow would be cast over his play area .
the gusting wind drove white clouds of it back and forth , and the people walking across to the parking area were struggling against it .
the respect nick felt for him was not because baker had given him this job swamping out the holding area to make up for his lost week 's pay , but because he had gone after the men who had beaten and robbed nick .
he put it up there when they swung into the lumberyard parking area , two days ago now .
an alarm began to hoot - mournfully , as if it somehow knew it was warning of a situation which had already become a lost cause - when he used his special key to open it at the top , so he could enter the motor - pool area .
at last a young man with light blond hair , no more than nineteen , was jerked to his feet , screaming and protesting , and led up to the set area .
the semi - naked guards were returning fire , and the soldiers in the respirators were spraying the entire audience area .
the voice came floating down the corridors from god knew how far up in the administration wing and then down the stairwell to the hallways which connected the visiting areas to the central cellblock , where lloyd was .
his honda was parked in a rest area and he was sitting at a picnic table , having a coke and a few slim jims .
here the steady flow of words was broken by a boldly boxed - off area .
four steps went up to the kitchen , and a flight of them went down to the basement area where , harold said andros had his apartment .
he glanced around at the eleven people spotted around the big combination living room / dining room area .
she was herded quickly through an area that looked like a bank : there were adding machines , wastebaskets full of paper tapes , jars of rubber bands and paper clips .
at the rear of the cashiers ' area , whitney opened another door and dayna was led down a carpeted hallway to an empty receptionist 's office .
a smattering of my people are in washington , around the seattle area , and in portland , oregon .
a fuel truck had exploded , spewing burning petroleum all over the tarmac area .
the whole area was surrounded by three courses of barbed wire , and he could see the porcelain conductors along the wire .
the choice , after all , had never been his to make , and he had come to believe that death was just a staging area , a place to wait , the way you waited in a green - room before going on to play .
if the wind blew the fallout east , it might cause them problems ... but more than that , they had to know that if las vegas had been the dark man 's staging area , it was gone now .
the next day he went to the grand junction sixplex by snowmobile , and using the sledge and the chainfall himself this time , he had lowered an old thirty - five - millimeter motion picture projector from the second - story window of the storage area where he had found it on one of his exploring trips .
now he and fran stood with lucy swann in the picnic area halfway up flagstaff mountain and watched the mayday chase .
now the kitchen help had to take all their refuse , grease included , out through the dining area and down a chain - link dog run sloat had constructed alongside the restaurant .
standing , halfway across the paddock area , looking unsettling out of place there , was the skeletal courtier the captain had been afraid of - osmond .
5 they were in the public area of the pavillion grounds now .
' here ' was in a scrub of woods beyond the lewisburg rest area on i-70 .
these words came quite naturally to mind as he looked around at the littery desolation here on the rest area 's pimply backside .
do n't know nothin bout dat ... all i know is you seem to have this idear of ' moider ' a little broad walking down to the rest area - now he really did have to urinate - jack sneezed three times , quickly .
now , as sloat stood beside his car in the lewisburg rest area , he held the key up and looked at it .
panting , his soaked hair hanging in his eyes , jack looked over his shoulder ... and directly into the rest area on i-70 near lewisburg , ohio .
most of the downstairs area - which was considerable - had been converted into a spare , modern chapel .
he had been lucky at the rest area , but sawyer had been luckier .
his study was one large room - a renovated barn loft - which had been divided into two areas : the ' reading room , ' which was a book - lined area with a couch , a reclining chair , and track lighting , and , at the far end of the long room , his work - area .
his study was one large room - a renovated barn loft - which had been divided into two areas : the ' reading room , ' which was a book - lined area with a couch , a reclining chair , and track lighting , and , at the far end of the long room , his work - area .
his study was one large room - a renovated barn loft - which had been divided into two areas : the ' reading room , ' which was a book - lined area with a couch , a reclining chair , and track lighting , and , at the far end of the long room , his work - area .
sheila brigham had nothing to report from dispatch , and norris ridgewick was snoozing in his chair out in the bullpen area , feet cocked up on his desk .
' i ditched them , ' thad said , then took a quick glance over his shoulder at the sound of a car rumbling onto the packed dirt which served as gold 's customer parking area .
he was out of sight from the road , but he could see the dirt parking area of the parts department simply by leaning forward .
he left the bumper of the dismembered bus and stood in the gateway between the automobile graveyard and the parking area , heedless of who might see him from the road .
the man he was hunting had ditched homer gamache 's truck in a roadside parking area when he was through with it , and what a perp would do once he would do again .
they had slept until stark had parked the clarks ' stolen volvo at the rest area , and were now lively and full of fun .
the big double doors with the frosted glass panels which gave on the pool area were closed .
lisandro helped us ease through the room away from the door , but not quite to the tables , closer to the drink area .
the rear area was n't soundproof , but it was sound - muffled .
` ` i 'll take travis to the food area , and i 'll clean up . ''
the area behind the pulpit had become a stage .
as i walked back i passed the big double doors leading to the storage area and heard the steady roar of a good - sized generator .
i went into the storage area through the big double door between the meat cabinet and the beer cooler .
the storage area was long and narrow , feebly lit by two sets of emergency lights .
the beams were smoky in the drifting fumes the blocked exhaust had turned back into the storage area .
the storage area began to fill with the mellow white light of an overcast late - winter day .
the storage area was beginning to stink of exhaust again .
` ` they give on the storage area that runs all the way along the west face of the building .
` ` come back into the storage area with me .
there was something almost horribly comic about it , too , because it also looked a little like one of those strange creations of vinyl and plastic you can buy for $ 1.89 to spring on your friends ... in fact , exactly the sort of thing norton had accused me of planting in the storage area .
not long after the flaming death of the bird - thing , ollie and i had gone back out to the storage area and had gathered up half a dozen of the pads such as the one i 'd covered billy with earlier .
he was headed for the storage area .
or back in the smoking area ? ''
the monkey grinned at him as he crawled down the length of the storage area between boxes piled on top of boxes , past the set of navigation books and the photograph albums with their fume of old chemicals and the souvenirs and the old clothes , and hal thought : if it begins to clap its cymbals together now and move in my hand , l 'll scream , and if i scream , it 'll do more than grin , it 'll start to laugh , to laugh at me , and then i 'll go crazy and they 'll find me in here , drooling and laughing crazy , i 'll be crazy , oh please dear god , please dear jesus , do n't let me go crazy -- he reached the far end and clawed two boxes aside , spilling one of them , and jammed the monkey back into the ralston - purina box in the farthest corner .
the service area featured the usual gourmet chow - burgers by roy rogers , cones by tcby - and had a small , littered picnic and dogwalking area at the rear .
the service area featured the usual gourmet chow - burgers by roy rogers , cones by tcby - and had a small , littered picnic and dogwalking area at the rear .
he got up , gripping the picture by its top , then strode across the dog - walking area .
just ahead , close to the belt of trees at the rear of the service area , was a pretty young thing in white shorts and a red halter .
the scrubby pines behind the service area sloped down to a boggy area that stank of plant and animal decomposition .
the road virus heads north was no longer in the puckerbrush behind the gray turnpike service area .
kinnell batted it aside and threw the painting in , breaking the glass fronting - which he had already broken once , at the gray service area - against the firedogs .
this area had been filled with a wild tangle of wires c red , green , blue , yellow .
he noticed that a microwave oven had been installed over the conventional one since he 'd last been here , and there was now track lighting over the main work areas and the kitchen table , where bobbi was in the habit of eating most of her meals c usually with a book in her free hand .
the attendant never even had time to wish her a pleasant stay in the bangor area .
now it landed , if you could call a touchdown from three inches a landing , and trundled over the beaten earth of the excavation area to the lean - to , leaving narrow tracks behind it .
' thank you , but i want to get up around the owl 's head area before sundown if i can . '
it was one thing to have the scales tell him he had put back on eleven pounds ; it was another c and better c thing to have someone treat him as a normal person again , even if the someone happened to be a six - year - old girl walking the family dog in a turnpike rest area ... a little girl who probably thought there were lots of people in the world who looked like walking gantry towers .
he was lying on his bed , which was to the left of the one room -- his kitchen area being to the right .
while the prisoners begged again to be released , she left the holding area to follow the sergeant .
he allowed jack to lead him to the eating area , a picnic table and some folded chairs carla had dug out from storage .
the most dangerous animals - the lions , tigers , and rhinoceros - were still contained in their respective cages and areas .
he ran to the dining area and picked it up .
i sidestepped the known creaky areas of the stairs and stopped my descent when i had my brother and his friend in sight .
ruby takes her back to the department store , to the cosmetics area , and shows her a rack of dusty glass bottles with a hundred different colors and names on the bottom that describe the colors .
they pass a number of gates until they arrive in an open area that moses recognizes as what used to be a food court .
she raised an eyebrow as he headed for the dance area without her .
one enters from the toilet area , and another leaves , connected to nothing .
accessing the fairley institute and appearing as an anyone required no effort , and so i took to the luncheon areas and anonymous corridors , blending and slithering into the fragments of revealing babble .
now she stood at the front of the store facing the flashing sign that said this was the checkout area but it was nt like any supermarket checkout area she had ever seen before .
she was particularly nervous because as far as she could see there was no one else in this area , no employees and no customers although two of the tunnels near the far end were closed right now so she could nt see inside .
things had been spruced up a bit over the years - a new aluminum siding facade had been put on the building and the pharmacy area counter top now contained prominent displays of items that were always carefully hidden away under the counter before .
inside there was a dividing wall marking off an area which had been used for office space , and there was a washroom and toilet , too .
maika worked at the black hole , which was basically a warehouse swathed in neon and cheap red upholstery , with the bar area taking up the ground floor , and a number of ' offices ' on the first floor .
encounter areas there are three primary areas the pcs could explore : the workshop , the cabins , and the mines .
encounter area 4 underground highway you enter a featureless cube shaped chamber and the door disappears behind your backs .
encounter area 7 land of dreams as soon as you bust your way into these chambers a strange vision fills your head .
another hot day had cooled off nicely when the sun went down , and the still pool , deserted by swimmers and lit from within , cast a placid aqua glow over the area .
it had just been set up in his suite the day before , in the dinette area , a hard - won hardware upgrade from the studio .
the walkway took them past the granite buildings of the hotel , and they entered into a deserted pool area , where rows of deck lounges stood lined up precisely in the noontime sun .
his lowering gaze caught the closed bank on the corner , with its covered drive - thru area .
beautifully crafted doors , all different colours , led into specific areas of the castle and , above them , stone gargoyles stood perched on the walls to ward off evil spirits .
he stood on a long platform which led down to the feasting area where many different people were seated , waiting for the food to arrive .
no one used this area and , on warm days like this , birds could be heard through the skylight .
i was nt expecting much since the bowl was probably taken several days ago and dozens of students have been in that area since .
i vacuumed in front of the case and there was so much there because it was a public area that i could nt tell what was left by our villain .
his room was in the back facing the quad , a small common area between the four dorms .
lets sit in the area over towards the exit door .
flo looked curiously in our direction as i led the way to the only clean table in the area .
as if on cue , a faded bronze - colored vehicle turned into the lot and proceeded towards the front parking area adjacent to the diner .
though surprised , i concurred , and followed him to a table farther back in the dining area well away from the window .
still caught up in the shock of being brought back to my now favorite rest area , i forgot about being in the company of a woman who probably expected me to respond to her comments or observations from time to time .
upon my arrival , i overheard the customary sounds of chatter coming from the busy dining area .
as i turned to watch through the swinging doors separating the dining room from the back kitchen area , both old timers hastily proclaimed their dear wives eagerly awaited their presence at home and abruptly left leaving five dollar bills on the counter without waiting for change .
finished with those two , she turned back to the dining area to find the rest of the customers putting forth every effort to ensure they did not get caught looking towards where she stood defiantly as if daring someone to meet her steely glare .
it took not one second less than thirty minutes for us to work our way through the lobby , then the bar area , and finally the large dining room where we settled in for a long lunch .
as usual , the rest area was empty .
both flo and mary june busied themselves tending to matters relating to the counter area : collecting money , stocking the food bar , and so forth .
one of todays newer , fuel efficient small cars could easily fit into the area under the front hood now occupied by a gas hogging , 400 horse power v8 .
the front parking area looked half full as i drove an extra block past the market so i could see if anything looked strange .
i glanced around as i awaited entrance to the markets loading area .
the heavy metal door swung open exposing the presence of wilbur , the butcher , who barely looked at me and instead gave the whole surrounding outside area a quick once over trying to see if anyone followed me .
meanwhile , i felt brave enough since professional help had arrived to venture back to the area where the two ladies hovered like witnesses to a terrorist attack .
hoyt exited the kitchen area pulling along his drain cleaning device and announced he d completed his job .
upon further examination of the dining area , i noticed junior junior actually going among the tables chatting with some of the customers while he refilled their cups .
there s the rest area right up ahead , i said , after observing a prolonged silence .
kurt ran into the dining area .
they went back to the restaurant area , where sarah dispensed bananas , gratefully received .
to my left was a large area of gray blue cubicles and opposite that to my right was an office and a conference room .
there was a small park with a swing set and a play area .
in the work area was a large black beetle that had had tyre black applied and was now being waxed and polished ready to be finished in about half an hour .
louie wandered over to the production area and looked at the forward bookings that import had put up on the wall .
the stove was in a largish kitchen area with pots and pans hanging from the ceiling .
virgil once you have advised me that al spider and the gang are in place could you discreetly vacate the area and return to the hangar .
i want everyone out of the area between mr mcfarlands shed roof and the reserve bank so the starlings can do their job .
remaining in the reserve bank area , will advise when al spider and the gang emerge .
louie and lulu arrived over the nest caf and looked from above at the area where the hotel babbleon would be constructed .
an area on the roof had been allocated for virgil blue to land and take off for the flying in and out of guests as required .
pearl moved out onto the take off area ready to lead the team of insects .
a long finely pebbled driveway came in from the west and stopped at the front of the house where there was a turning and parking area .
after a minute or so pearl stood up and looked through a glass partition into the area behind where the tellers stood .
we went to the outdoor eating area and ordered some food .
by the time derek and angela arrived back at the hotel , with many members of her family , terry had just knocked someones drink off the table and was dancing in the hotel eating area with his trousers around his ankles .
at the arrivals area we bumped into hayley and luke , followed shortly by derek and angela .
she quickly walks past , through the dining area and into the kitchen .
thunder leaps up angrily , as both keebles high - tail it away from the ring area along with their sister .
he places a steel chair on him , then rolls back into the ring and climbs the top turnbuckle and attempts a super frog splash all way down to the area floor .
both the brothers pout together as they leave the ring area .
he made his way through the grey soul - sucking cubicles , then out into the management offices , with their large internal windows that provided a great way to keep an eye on the numerous employees penned in the cubicle area .
turning his attention to the big mahogany double doors , he kicked them open with such force at least thirty women in the surrounding area suddenly found themselves pregnant .
the bear stopped in the reception area and pointed to a single couch flanked by small palm trees facing the only door in the room .
a shout from the kitchen area made both of them jump anxiously , weapons at the ready .
the play area was a rink .
i even worked my way over to the mysterious mans area and stayed there a while , weaving my hands about in the air and shaking my hips in his direction , just to give him a thrill and try to get a good look at his face .
it was huge and doubled up as a display area with racks of different leaflets and an area to one side with a coffee table and half a dozen low chairs .
it was huge and doubled up as a display area with racks of different leaflets and an area to one side with a coffee table and half a dozen low chairs .
the original large hallway had been boxed in to form a small office and reception area and a plump and pleasant soul in her mid fifties greeted them .
as he mounted the stairs to the reception area sandra saw him coming and picked up her phone .
valerie barged into the room surveying the area disapprovingly .
~~~~~~ within minutes of their departure , a dozen squad cars had lined driveway by the loading area , surrounding the abandoned trucks .
during the late afternoon , mitch spent an unusually long time in the little kitchen area of the sheriff 's office .
tonight they were nt turned up very high , though , as the area was nt much larger than where we used to play .
we were quickly ushered to the volunteer area , where a dozen people waited for orders .
and i was carted from one room to another , to the backseat of a car , and a chair in the er waiting area .
there was a loud gasp from the communal counter area as they all stared agape out the window .
she walked out into the living area of the hotel room and immediately felt uneasy .
he walked into the kitchen area of the suite and brewed a pot of coffee .
the thirteen insurance agents were relegated to the waiting area after dana plough ordered them to stop serenading her with their toned - deaf rendition of walk like an egyptian over and over again .
* * * * * barnaby entered the maternity floor and walked out of the elevator to be greeted by thirteen hulking men looking bored and sullen sitting silently in the waiting area .
* * * * * satan walked into the waiting area and spotted barnaby relaxing , eyes closed in the center of the chairs .
she said , pointing to an area on the left about thirty - five feet ahead .
i took the cup and sipped from it as i looked back toward the area where janet and i had been dancing .
jennifer sighed and stared out the open window that faced the grassy common area of the apartment building .
she jerked open the doors to the covered area below .
` ` i thought you might like a little something before we talk , '' she purred , taking his arm and pulling him into the living area .
jennifer brought a straight - back chair from the dining area , drew it up close to the coffee table , and sat down .
i picked up my parcel and headed to the staff area .
the staff area was nothing more than a glorified toilet at the back of the stock room .
i grabbed his mug and went back to the staff area .
he came back from a sit down in the staff area and sniffed it out in under two minutes before asking : do you think the egyptians would ve liked egg sandwiches ?
13 film having found a pair of dirty marigolds in the staff area , i spent the afternoon carefully reading the forty - four page instruction manual that came with the poison .
52 ... spruced i rooted round the staff area looking for anything that might resemble a change of clothes .
within a few moments the shop was shut and the three of us stood huddled in the staff area .
jaggers stepped out of the staff area and made to leave the shop .
at jaggerss insistence we retired to the safety of the staff area .
across wet grass towards the increasing noise of the breakers , she passed the hibernating play area where the go - karts were mothballed and the crazy golf course sedated .
47 at el maximo , their joints stiffening and bruises rising from the waterslide , toni and rob asked for owen huntly , and were ushered with new respect through the dining area to the door marked ' private : wine cellar ' .
each group hustled into an appropriately spacious area , and in the centre of each was one of the two saucers .
central areas for worship were mapped and compared to the martian structures .
saucers blasted the base areas with heat weapons , targeting not the structures , but the shifting sands surrounding them .
uh its probably in the lower left area , under the carbon copy notice .
it opens directly to the kitchen area .
faith and hope would be thrown together in a loft over the living area .
the ceiling seemed to whirl about in his vision , and somehow , in spite of his momentum , he fell back into the reception area .
he scooped her up and lay her down on a particularly comfy looking sofa in the living area of his craft .
fut stood and entered the bar area of his living room .
the cheerful hero sat at the window that ran the length of the living area of hugos ship .
he sat at a table in the loosely designated dining area .
statues littered the area , each on a plinth and attempting to be more daunting than its predecessor .
the room felt dark but vision was barely impaired , each social area lit up to a level of comfortable ambience .
the seating area consisted of a quartet of sofas forming a social rectangle .
brick had his head buried in the seating area of his ball .
the pair 's mouths awaited words as they stepped into what appeared to be the living area .
the open plan theme spread throughout the floor they were on , subtle changes in the wood 's pattern distinguishing each area 's purpose .
the reception area was packed .
the group were in , what appeared to be , a welcoming area .
a large domed seating area sank into the floor to the right , a larger , brightly coloured dining table sat at the far wall they faced .
bettina wandered into the main area of the craft .
spiritwind ushered brick from the area and up the three flights of stairs that led to the pet floor .
reaching the harness area , the duo eventually untangled themselves and left .
brick placed his arm round chris ' shoulder and walked him towards the planning area of the room , or middle of the floor .
the area was adequately lit , but the dark aura of the machines combined to steal the light before it could make it to the floor .
the foyer preceded the main living area , the entirety lined with interactive games .
entering the main living area the duo felt instantly at ease .
after finding a swimming pool with numerous water slides and inflatable accessories , a room of dodgem cars , a fully kitted out yoghurt bucket arena , a warehouse filled with pillows , a bobsled course , and a room with a field inside it that contained a pub overlooking a heated lake ; they returned to the main pub area and looked for a film to watch .
all around the pool area there were tables ablaze with food , which the twig - like starlets steadfastly ignored .
she conveyed him a tad too pushily across the vast expanse of the tiled area to the pools edge and indicated he should look in .
metamorphosing from a storage area for bales of tea leaves into a battleground for killer birds : arden could nt help but get caught up in the animal energy .
her eyes shifted to the bar area and she froze .
backing her against the wall of the sitting area , he braced himself for the shot of electricity bolting through his veins .
she ended up in the poshest waiting area shed ever seen , with its sleek , outrageously expensive , contemporary furniture , staring up at a photo of dragon lady , vying for the job of her life .
a clang came from the back door area and he wondered if his little brother had guests .
instead , she followed him out to the pool area and noticed the signs that said no swimming unless there was a lifeguard on duty .
he shuffled into the sleeping area not giving a damn about anything but climbing back into bed , least of all his bare ass .
instead , he turned back around , grabbed her hand and dragged her through the foyer into the darkened sitting area and bedroom .
chapter twenty - three alec braced himself as the car took him from the airport to the menlo park area in san francisco .
he swung the door open and staggered back into the living room area .
mudd led timmy to the back of the stable area .
the pig chariot rumbled out of the holding area and down the street .
gabriel continued , i have a stage area in the large dining room and we can rig it however you see fit .
there was a wash area and several beds posted along opposite walls .
i m going to head back downstairs to lend a hand in setting up the dining area .
after a good session of back - and - forth , timmy and bugs headed downstairs to examine the stage area .
bugs checked a recessed area directly behind the dais .
when my grandfather took over ownership of the place , he remodeled and added this performance area .
at the noted time , the pair made their way down a narrow stairwell at the end of the hall and ended up in the backstage area .
the crowd was now dispersing and timmy and bugs returned to the backstage area where elvin was waiting .
handing a large pot from the back boiler to the main serving area was betsy anne bullion .
as he stepped into the large dining area , timmy was able to gather more of his image .
as the mechanical bird chirped and chimed , twitch found his masters shoulder and prepared to escort the plays star to the backstage area .
entering the lobby area , he was surrounded by more of the same greek - inspired design sense .
they burst into the main stage area throwing the doors asunder .
it had many more windows and even a vaulted , circular skylight overtop the main dining area .
there were two main areas in the taverna larger upper platform and a single step lower , a smaller one .
many of the other perfects were on stage walking through a scene while timmy and john ladyfist sat in the dining area surveying the presentation .
this venue had an oceanfront patio and an open - air setup with much of the dining area organized under a wall - less roof .
another portion was laid out within the taverns main house , and the stage area spanned the gap between , giving it a central location .
that allowed the perfect storm to perform several acts at several different areas before finally being chased away by officers .
most of the stage and performance art areas already constructed , or at least marked off .
the performers and vendors ' campground was to the west of the all the stage and vendor areas and farthest from the entrance .
they headed to the stage area .
a quick walk around the music performance area showed nora 's worry was not unfounded .
they threaded their way past the various stages and headed towards the food vendor area .
the camper had a small bed at the back , a kitchen area that was little more than a mini - fridge and a microwave , a closet - sized bathroom , and a very tiny seating area .
the camper had a small bed at the back , a kitchen area that was little more than a mini - fridge and a microwave , a closet - sized bathroom , and a very tiny seating area .
the other women made their way over to the common area of the suite .
they stopped at the food court area .
apart of the well - lit main attractions and food court , the only other well - lit area was a string of street lights that lead to the parking lot .
she headed away from the main area looking for the hallways that lead to conference rooms .
she sat down at a table in the back of the restaurant area .
they dressed in a hurry and met in the common area .
a cordoned area had been prepared at the rear of the town hall for jacks arrival .
in the area immediately outside the building , the only protection from the elements was under the covered bridge that joined the executive parking lot to the buildings main entrance .
paradoxically , the staff is driven to the most public areas of the floor for private conversations ; the pantry , conference room , even the lobby .
rico earned the epithet when he stepped in goose shit on his way into work and returned , twenty minutes later , with a golf club and brained a goose half - way between the reflecting pond , upon which the board was deep in thought , and the smoking area .
these disjointed recruits from the smoking area , perpetual stoners , many of whom were unaware they were currently pregnant , began a bizarre cheer .
more naked that not , helen was then directed into the infusion area for treatment and told to sit in a large recliner .
the chef immediately tapped cuddy on the shoulder , pointed at the dogs , and gestured wildly for cuddy to remove them from the food area .
a large counter of imported italian marble , decorated with ornate relief carvings , separated the food and drink from the meeting area .
dining area - evening two shot - seth and stella seth and stella are in formal wear , seating across from each other .
i chose an area where i hoped against hope no vampires would be around .
i found blackhole in the washing area , trapped in a cage .
i told natalie i had a lot of work to do , so she did nt insist on me eating in the dining area .
when brandon set me on my feet , we were in a room that was even smaller than shadows living area , but it did nt have a dark or lonely feel .
he led me to a couch in the living area and sat down beside me .
when i returned to the treasure room , my vastly superior senses were able to locate the area where i had last left the girl .
i looked around ignoring what appeared to be a large bathing area and a vanity mirror .
not daring to believe it , i jumped out of the bed and ran toward the washing area .
it was the only area that was still dark , but the outline of ten thrones with ten occupants was clearly visible .
the mirror shifted into an area i would remember forever : it was where i had first entered the human world .
she had just driven into work to start her night shift and at her workstation in the hospital auxiliary area there were some ` ` congratulations '' balloons and a number of pastel - coloured card envelopes left for her to open on her arrival .
* * * bella drew up in front of the city airport arrivals short - term parking area and saw her father waiting patiently for her .
said mickey just as he left the stairway into the reception area .
nicky thought he saw bella wearing dark clothing moving slowly and silently in the shadows behind some boxes which formed the back of the penned area .
maurice entered the lobby , now washed and changed , and made his way to the hotel dining room via the reception area where there was much commotion .
ethelene and i took our seats against the wide bamboo rails circling the entire bar area .
open doors on the right led to a large lounge and bar area , presently occupied by half - dozen guests focused on their drinks and a soccer match playing out on a large plasma screen .
heading aft , i entered the swinging doors to the galley and crossed through the kitchen area , much to the surprise of the staff who later reported seeing nothing but an orange streak grace their midst .
entering the concourse area , the siren of the squad car parted traffic and dispersed all hesitant or slow - moving gawkers staring at the spectacle of our approach .
having some experience traveling by private charter , i was familiar enough with the process to know the celebrated well - to - do were commonly afforded a separate gate and waiting area nearest the airport exit .
i noted the area to the right of the garage entrance where two extended limousines sat idling as a third pulled into line behind them .
what little i understood involved skinny 's difficulty in finding the correct door leading to a lower level , a basement beneath the cargo area .
as burly jostled me through the door , i managed to keep my orientation toward the garage entrance -- and , hopefully , the area for private aircraft -- about one hundred yards from the rusty grated stairwell we now descended .
comporting myself as though taking a regular daily walk with my fire extinguisher , i strolled through the airport service area toward the bay door where a half - dozen corporate jets were convened .
at the same moment the conveyance slowed upon entering the dark service area .
he strolled off confidently to the banquet area , surrounded by his staff and their assistants , the latter falling over themselves to greet their opposing numbers being shoved forth by the de thon and goines camps .
without warning , a loud pop was followed by the aroma of smoke filling my seating area .
i gathered the collapsible ethelene and made our way back to the evacuation area where pat waited for us .
four couples in formal dress occupied the area , seemingly waiting their turn to gain entrance to a bubble - like adjoining room jutting from the corner of the rear wall .
several feet to the right , a sizeable platform rose slightly from the floor , upon it a random collection of blankets draped an overstuffed sofa serving as an area where a model would repose amid a contrived setting while the artist created .
down , down , two flights , noise is nt so bad here , out the stairwell , through the livingroom area on the ground floor , out the livingroom area , past an alarm that is sounding ear - splittingly to my left , and out .
down , down , two flights , noise is nt so bad here , out the stairwell , through the livingroom area on the ground floor , out the livingroom area , past an alarm that is sounding ear - splittingly to my left , and out .
they were evenly matched , with a different kind of mess here the kitchen and the livingroom were only separated by a door , so the trail of dishes , orange juice cartons and old pizza debris spread continuously from one end of the house to the other ; where as in the big pink house there was an intervening set of steps and a hallway that remained largely clear , thus condensing the filth in two separate areas .
come the day , so many people turned up that the pub could not accommodate them all , so a makeshift stage was set up in the store , which fortunately had been arranged with the counters around the edge of the main hall leaving a large clear area for the gossiping that was an essential feature of any market .
melksham had failed to realise that the staff never parked in the area he had designated as bays 7,8 & 9 so that the road tankers would have room to back round before entering the plant loading bay .
the disadvantage of locating the canteen four hundred yards from the main production area did not become fully apparent until the weather broke and george applied for protective clothing for his men .
george glanced round the control area , brushed a lab assistant out of the way and switched on the fans before clamping a respirator over his face , setting a pair of tinted spectacles precariously over the rubber nosepiece and fitting a futuristic looking set of headphone type earmuffs over the rest of it .
it was a dingy , poorly lit area , all cluttered up with drums of chemicals and overflowing bins of scrap .
and so , when dave sadly bade him farewell as the department upped sticks , the production department converted the area into a stores and relegated him to an old air - raid shelter in the furthest corner of the factory in an attempt to bury him alive .
they occupied an old storage area roughly 40 feet square and with a very high ceiling .
the office area was along one side , comprising a ten feet wide strip , partitioned off from the main room into two roofless sections of equal size .
one morning when he went off to get a couple of spare substandard bus cushions , he came upon a group of maintenance workers clearing out the area of the factory which had been used as the store for scrap and substandard products for as long as he had been employed there .
they were in a vast open working area which took up most of the third floor of the building .
dik pointed to the canvas awning which had recently been erected over the toxic waste disposal area and which was the safety officer 's pride and joy .
dr . edwards had evidently been in his office on the first floor , above the open plan ground floor stores area .
sitting on the edge of some plastic crates to be shipped off somewhere , i was standing in the middle of an area that was n't as populated as the rest .
` ` you should , by now , realize that 's useless , '' she sauntered towards my work area fashioning a white robe on top of her combat outfit , in her hands was a large brown envelope .
i turned to see her putting on her lab gown ; she was already fully dressed as she waltzed to my work area .
` ` killing the security in this area , it 'll only take a few minutes , maybe we can also see what we 're up against beyond this room , '' ` ` should i hide these ? ''
number of rooms , bathrooms , and living areas .
heres a living area .
on the top floor , they went through the living room , dining area , kitchen , two more bedrooms , and the bathroom with bath and shower .
everyone built their meal , got their drinks , and moved into the living room , using the coffee table as a real table since the one in the dining area was too small to fix six - and - one - sixth persons .
when ken finished cleaning off the top of the cabinet , katrina started setting up her little area .
looking around , it seemed like a waiting area .
at the center of the waiting area , nathan held out his arm , palm forward .
she flew back into the dining area and sat on the table .
it emits a low - level gravity field that alters spatial coordinates in closed - off areas such as this room .
the contract with a landlord states that a suitable living area , specifically a room , has to be supplied to one who will be staying on earth .
* * * ken was back in the waiting area for sashas home .
not being able to move on her own , ken picked her up and stood on a step stool next to the cabinet so he could reach her living area .
at a point almost diametrically opposite to where we had begun our circumnavigation of the old town , our attention was drawn to an altercation between a man and a woman that was happening below us in a dim , labyrinthine , run - down area just inside the wall .
the serving area was common to both sides but there were two dividing walls which overlapped and largely shielded the view from one drinking room to the other .
the plane was three quarters full , about three hundred passengers filled the passenger area .
they drove into a private area of the wyndham resort and casino , leaving aside its swimming lagoon , impressive with its spiral waterslide and swim up bar and grill , and overlooking the atlantic ocean at goodman bay .
clarity noticed a group of several statues , eight or ten in total , overlooking the dance area , ancient marble statues of greek women dressed in togas or appearing naked , all showing perfect round - shaped breasts .
they drove to nassau international airport , bypassing the parking lot and entering the plane area through a grille , until they reached ' love go - go ' , avalons learjet which was being refuelled .
she pressed on a button again and the wind tunnel activated , acting as indoor skydiving area .
instead of going towards the ' parthena ' area , she followed directions to the accounting area , coming face to face with miela , the woman from the fuzzy bunny shop in nassau .
instead of going towards the ' parthena ' area , she followed directions to the accounting area , coming face to face with miela , the woman from the fuzzy bunny shop in nassau .
miela led clarity to the living area of penelope avalon , while knocke called on two private assistants of avalon , dressed as french maids , to personally take clarity to her balneae , a hot area meant for washing out any spiritual sturdiness after entering hexas style .
miela led clarity to the living area of penelope avalon , while knocke called on two private assistants of avalon , dressed as french maids , to personally take clarity to her balneae , a hot area meant for washing out any spiritual sturdiness after entering hexas style .
` ` i thought penelope did nt like my presence at the accounting area . ''
after five hours , clarity stepped out of the bath area , helped by the maids who had ensured clarity stayed bathing for three hundred minutes .
` ` lets go check the agora , at the attalos area of the resort , we might have to leave earlier than planned . ''
knowing where it was , it flew towards the fountain travertine colonnade of the maidens of karyai , hopped on the heads of one of the maids for a few seconds , and stepped inside the hexas style accounting area through the window .
she could nt even speak to either say good bye to the girls , who were being taken by miela to a docking area near the sea , part of the hexas style pleasure seeking resort .
breathing deeply , she walked into the darkness of docking area 1s .
the submersible dove into the sea , leaving the docking area of hexas style , making a whoosh sound coming from its electric power thrusters , as it cleared the water .
appleby led clarity and money fact to a solarium area at the beach of atrium , an area for women only , where they could sunbathe naked , protecting their skin with organic sunscreen lotion .
appleby led clarity and money fact to a solarium area at the beach of atrium , an area for women only , where they could sunbathe naked , protecting their skin with organic sunscreen lotion .
the back is his wizard research area , not the apprentice room .
a few seconds later he was back on the ground , surrounded by a rather wet barbeque area .
bert flew off , back through to the reception area , landing on the floor in front of an elevator .
as he went through the womens dress area , an older lady called to him , and said , young man , could you please tell me if this dress i m trying on makes me look fat ?
they came into the main area of the stadium , which was completely empty except for candy and the mullins .
toadstalker tried to convince deadpan that he should get up a bit earlier the next morning so he could prepare the breakfast area a tad earlier and then drive merlot into work for his first day .
after degreasing and changing he then limped downstairs , following the malodorous steam across the sticky kitchen floor into the dining area .
: variant of saucy at about five foot eight , relatively tall next to her female colleagues , slim built with shoulder length jet black rough cut and tousled hair , a short mischievous fringe , wide dark eyes and a cute gaminesque expression along with a playful tom - boyish quirky manner ; sassy was a czech , six months pregnant and still working ten hours a day on her swollen feet , mixing drinks and carrying dishes to and from the tables in the dining area and out on the patio .
she had jumped out of the bubbling kettle and ventured into the bar area to have a gorp around , as her group gained confidence and begun to disperse .
there was a jet lagged family making their way back to new jersey from the far east , all casually dressed in thick baggy cotton tracksuits all in matching colours and slouching like lounge lizards around one of the large oval tables at the back of the dining area .
as they sat in aftercare next to the breakfast area partition , her mind kept wandering off into a reverie of latex , hemp , whiplash and leather while sipping at her earl grey tea .
there were two oversized television panels , at opposing ends of the bar area .
all the trainees and bar staff had to do the toasties and microwave meals when there was a rush on in the dining area .
so they allegedly wandered outside to the pavement patio area with their overpriced beers in hand , and had been hanging about baiting the street whores , while trying to stop a taxi when they first caught sight of their spanish vamp .
the police vans siren had long died out , but its lights continued to rotate about the whole lobby and bar area through the windows adding to the glow of the bar lighting .
being as quiet as she could so as not to disturb her room - mate she slipped out considerately closing the door as gently as she could , and then she made her way back down to the bar area .
stolen wallets , laptops , passports , aggressive drunken guests or drunken staff , fights in the bar area , fires in the rooms , cardiac arrests , car accidents , kitchen accidents ; it was usually just a nod to protocol .
it was business as usual , as he headed straight through the duty - free area , down the steep escalator , into a capacious concrete cavern where a futuristic monorail pumped another discharge of travellers through the airports entrails and into the bowels of international terminal ready for egress .
back in the bar area a few people were serving themselves hot food , otherwise it was quiet .
money fact led clarity away from the flybridge to one of the cargo bay areas of the ship .
montana donned her loafers and moved towards the kitchen area , grabbing a glass .
maxini walked straight through to the sofa area and pushed sideways the frame of a modern pattern by kandinsky .
chapter eight clarity stood behind the reception counter , watching mina , who was in charge of reception , move away towards the lobby area , with a look of apprehension on her face .
maxini was speaking on her cell phone , as though taking orders , fifty feet away , while penelope avalon stepped inside the coffee shop area to order a glass of red bull with fresh mint and tonic water , her favorite drink .
the door panels closed and the soft sound of the girl from ipanema filled the enclosed area .
` ` lets go to the maintenance area where the cameras are , '' said maxini .
within minutes , the guards were in the dark in the function room , a specific area dedicated to adult activity , looking for the girls and their underwear , in any order .
after taking the first floor stairs , they reached the door access to the pool area .
montana and her crossed the poolside area of the park hyatt and reached the beachfront .
they saw bakal approach the desk area , phone in hand .
bakal walked to the area below the stock exchange screen and pressed several buttons , until the infomercial showing the elony beauty lotion appeared onscreen .
one moved towards the entrance , another towards the living room area .
clarity walked forward towards the lush living room area , until she saw a large piano in the middle of the room .
the piano rolled towards a small room near the living room area .
above the security area was a welcome to bacheron airport sign .
the concourse opened into a large circular area that formed a hub for waiting planes .
the area was floored in that obnoxious multicolored and multi - patterned carpet that can only be remotely possible in airports and nursing homes .
she headed toward the tiny serving area at the front of the plane .
amid the loud knocking of jackhammers we carefully skirted the area .
virg and i made a right down the hall and were dumped out into a waiting area defined by chairs set in an l - shape .
virg agreed and we made our way out of the working model room , through the main display area , across the lobby , and onto the sidewalk .
the hostess snatched our menus from a bin on the wall and led us into the restaurant , which only had one main seating area .
on the other side of the childrens section we located the videogame area .
i struggled with the huge beast , yet somehow managed to pull , drag , push him over to the videogame area after toppling a 24 - hour sale sign and crashing over a pyramid of sock cubes .
inside the building we found an open reception area with an empty desk and two leather sofas that may have been beige a few decades ago .
in fact , i ve never heard either until you announced them in front of the entire florence cable access viewing area !
soon we found the seating area and flopped into the fake leather chairstwo bright american peacocks on their way to barcelona .
the cabinets in the dining area buffet and the entertainment console were open , their contents scattered on the floor .
starting in the foyer , i swept from the kitchen to the great room , covering the dining and living room areas .
i followed him for about five minutes until we came to a waiting area .
we entered the garage and headed left to a door i expected would lead us to the living area .
i stood in a large open area .
when i exited the elevator , it opened into a reception area .
i love their outdoor dining area and their eggplant parmigiana .
grateful i did nt have to ride to the top floor , i stepped out of the elevator into the third floor reception area .
ed opened the door and we walked into a reception area .
behind the reception area were a number of cubicles and a few offices with doors .
instead of leading them through the main doors , the middle aged maid , all in black except for her beautifully made white apron , had led them round the side of the mansion to the service area .
he went back to the garage area and snooped around until he found something he hoped would do the trick .
the service area , previously known as the servants ' quarters , was where he and petunia had spent most of their time whilst employed by the haute family .
it was the largest room of the service area , with three perfectly defined parts .
pet and ambrose would hover round the games room area which was connected to andreas rooms by a not very often used side door .
what i want is to re - do the entire pool area .
he let the sentence fade out as he realised he could not state here that the whole pool area stank of the past , of the haute family , of bygone days that no longer concerned him .
he leant across his desk and pulled over a plan of the pool area .
once that had been done , the surrounding area would be totally redesigned , the electrical wiring put down , and the plumbing for the showers laid out , so that the final installation would be the wooden decking .
the kennels had been tacked on to the back of the garages , a fenced off area where the three dogs were kept most of the day .
apart from his everyday work , there was the pool area to think about .
the workers had cordoned off the pool area with battered metal barriers and red and white plastic tape , much as the police would do later , in order to maintain the safety regulations .
you , of course , thought that dumping these , these , faulty goods in the middle of the path at least a hundred metres from the pool area where they are to be deployed was a fantastic idea ?
he made for the house via the pool area , kicking at things as he went and swearing audibly .
the renovation of the pool area ?
he may have seen then that the double doors to the service area had been forced , from the inside .
warily , the trail would have led him to the kitchen area , and the smashed pane , the broken lock .
they slipped inside a dodgy - looking doorway , past a seedy little bouncer playing with a yoyo failing to get it to do round the world and down through a smoke - filled orifice into a large , populated area , which could only be described as a throb .
there were several men , i assumed construction workers , coming in and out of the main area , but i expended no mental energy noticing them .
matson had no intention of entering the chaotic world of the roadside cafeteria , which , as far as he was concerned , is all these places ever are no matter how you dress them up , but as luck would have it he found himself parked in a bay which afforded him the perfect vantage point from which to observe both the dining area and the convenience shop which adjoins it .
but when it 's at work and it 's an area that 's kept clean for a good reason , i get pretty irritated when someone walks in and makes a mess of my stuff .
maria headed at a tangent to dave towards the kitchen , as the noise of the coffee machine formed the sound track to daves entrance into the living area .
returning from his bedroom , the lounge and his study area , dave was now carrying a selection of 4 different mirrors of various shapes , sizes and intentions .
well you can go for a leek over there pointing to the rather pungent area that seemed to be the toilets .
maybe i could plan to be spontaneous dave thought to himself , tucking into another glass of red wine in the living area .
reuben instantly recognised him as the tall , fair - haired man in the photos in the reception area , shaking hands with the almost rich and famous .
as the dining area only consisted of about a dozen tables , most of the orders were for takeaways .
indya dashed across the tiled area to the deck .
the large reception area was now deserted .
this area was a long bush bash from multiple paths that had dwindled to nothing .
the climbers got away from the exposed throne area for higher ground .
at cruxs order a possum pulled a lever and the floor slid back to reveal an area below that was so big it was surprising it could still be called indoors .
rap ropes were dropped to chair level and both captors and captives slid down to the area below .
after perusing a few magazines , as well as examining a stuffed bison , and a working model of a copper mine in the waiting area for a few minutes , rep . coade popped his head out of his office .
marvell phipps , head of pr , showed me around the waiting area , in the center of which was a huge oak round - table , topped by a giant sterling silver , engraved punchbowl .
it covers several acres in an enclosed , roofless area next to the restaurant .
i would find some answers to this hoods ineffable appeal , starting at rummage house , next to a paved area that once served as rummages town common , and the town dock on great south bay , later filled in .
together they moved us to a large window in an un - renovated area of the factory , and we peered out of the large window , spidered with cracks .
i turned the corner into the bar area , placing myself in a position so that vinnie could still hear the conversation .
he held a spear which he used as a pointer , directing us to the various activity areas .
we pass the area where the security guards played their practical joke earlier , and i see that the older of the two men is still at it , lying prone in his seat , but i am not going to fall for it a second time .
she proceeds to slap my arse and then walk towards the hinged part of the counter , which she lifts to access the serving area .
in a previous life , this underground area acted as a warehouse to store products that had arrived via the liverpool docks , and the premises seem to have inherited a mixture of odours from long ago to accompany the dominant smells of disinfectant and sweat .
my eyes take in the extensive stage , standing area , lower and upper tier seating blocks , and it is hard to be anything other than impressed .
between the corral and the main entrance was a recessed area within the side of the building furnished with vending machines and a picnic bench .
marion ran off while leaving abernathy to escort his brother into the closed off area at the rear of the building .
the field is about the size of two full sized football pitches , with a small copse , a basketball hoop , and an area with a couple of goalposts .
this was a bench within the kiddies play area , where she would stretch out in the sun .
finally , the cat had had enough , and quickly but regally , trotted off to her bench within the fenced area , where she promptly curled up and went to sleep .
it was a close thing , but she managed to just beat him to the kiddies area by about two feet .
this meant we spent another twenty minutes or so , playing ring around the play area , with kopek barking at the cat every time he passed the bench .
the pub is called the greyhound , and has two bars plus an area out the back with plenty of seating .
it serves great food , and also allows dogs , but only in the bar area .
oh , i m sorry , he said , we do nt allow children in the bar area .
we have recently found another pub , not far from the butt and oyster , that allows both children , and well behaved dogs in the bar area .
taking a chance , he slowly pushed the door open a little further and popped his head around its edge to get a clear view of peon 's work area .
another voice flew out of the cars backseat area .
worried about shorty , abe jumped off the platform and nearly landed on the big sister as she pulled the squirming irishman onto the paved area .
patterson put the telephone in its cradle then sat on a bench in the gate four waiting area where he could see without being seen until the men boarded their flight .
the plane droned louder and moved away from the gate area , its tires thumping on the tarmac in ever increasing frequency .
agents chamberlain and hart met them at the airport just inside the waiting area of their arrival gate .
the restroom was just inside the baggage area .
its in area one , he said , and hart backed the car out of the parking space .
the dressing area is in the back , chamberlain said , setting their suitcases down and unzipping them .
the backstage area seemed to be a jungle of ropes , wires and wooden contraptions of all sizes .
a couple of times paparazzi types infiltrated the work area , and then they had to deal with nev , who invited them backstage for a private interview with one of the band .
i found out that the shriners liked to sit in sections on the bus , trombones together , percussionists in one area , clowns in another .
they also noted that a couple of suspicious looking men were seen in restricted areas of the hospital at late hours last night .
clarity handed the papers provided by donway to the buildings head of security , a tall woman wearing sunglasses , while she noticed maxini and the two ex - employees from owens & owell stepping on the helipad area , moving towards the helicopter .
holding on to her jacket , she grabbed a small skeleton key swiftly from the jackets pocket , corresponding to scafarels backoffice area , the area of telval studios where the all - women adult film ' abu dhabi chic ' had been shot .
holding on to her jacket , she grabbed a small skeleton key swiftly from the jackets pocket , corresponding to scafarels backoffice area , the area of telval studios where the all - women adult film ' abu dhabi chic ' had been shot .
it was important to keep matters within the delicate , private area of the womens bathroom .
` ` run to the vip champagne area , '' said clarity .
last time she checked , they were spending some time at the duty free area .
` ` were reaching the surveillance area , '' she said .
scafarel led clarity and montana to the second floor , a large area where about two hundred seats had been replaced by lush sofas and cushions , jars filled with warm tea , and carpets tiled with intricate geometric patterns .
scafarel walked towards the curtain leading to the area where the girls were learning from optesia , one of the women who attended scafarels hexas style resort in the bahamas , about observing their body , one part at a time , with diligent observation and equanimity , indifference to sufferings and joys , while remaining free of the desire for money and worldly desires , a special aside for the o & o daughters .
a door trap opened and vacuumed it to the clothe washing area of the plane , built by a new appliance division of kitchen aid .
the trading room door combination lock tumbler slid open and scafarel made her way into the finance area , surrounded by the two owens & owell daughters and habib .
` ` not a bad res - life area , its a small , close - knit , co - ed hall , with single - gender wings , moveable furniture and bunkable beds , '' said jenny owens .
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
clarity took aside money fact , clarifying the terms of her mission , in particular the reward aspect of it , while donway took the rest of the people in the room , including her friends , to the reception area of the hotel for identification , arrests , and other unimportant aspects of the mission .
the interior walls are finished in newspaper , with a few areas having wallpaper placed there by an overzealous picker in a season long past .
in the back corner , a low concrete block wall partitioned off a small area where the store displays their baby alligators .
the wall , barely two feet high and l - shaped , creates a small rectangular tub - like area for the baby gators .
he s kept in a concrete display area similar to the baby alligators in the gift shop , though much larger .
the opening , an area that cut across the rows of trees , provided access to the grove and a place where tractors can turn around .
the girls were quite impressed with the dcor under one very large , high ceiling that encompassed the kitchen , the living room , and a dining area .
i moved into the arrivals lane and approached the sidewalk outside the southwest baggage area at the sacramento airport .
do you need sound from every room in this place , or just one central area ?
is there a computer in the central area ?
roger then nodded to the ps , who went into the back office area and returned pushing two carts , one loaded with baskets and the other loaded with coolers .
roger and the others relaxed as they watched the group walk across the tarmac and into the customs area .
his team walked down a flight of stairs to the baggage area , the ps holding hands , knowing they would nt spend the next twenty years in the american version of a gulag .
the door to the customs inspection area opened , and catherine emerged , escorted by the chief customs officer , who , having recognized the worlds most beautiful woman immediately , told his staff not to bother checking any of the passports or luggage , just move them through and into the terminal .
he went around to the rear of the house , the garden area , looked up the eight steps to the porch , and saw roger sitting there in an antique rocking chair , with his cat on his lap and his beretta in his hand .
basketti set up his saggy cot and i set up my brand new one , another $ 19.95 k - mart special , and aldershot began to arrange his sleeping area .
i decided to change the subject , hey you guys , let 's get the kitchen area finished , so i can cook supper before it gets dark .
when you unfolded the suitcase like box and attached the long legs , it turned into a table , a cabinet , and dishwashing area , with shelves and doors that closed .
a tree had recently fallen across the sleeping area and two huge mounds of pinecones occupied the cooking area , thanks to the ever - present pine squirrels , but other than that , the area was about the same as when i had left last year .
a tree had recently fallen across the sleeping area and two huge mounds of pinecones occupied the cooking area , thanks to the ever - present pine squirrels , but other than that , the area was about the same as when i had left last year .
the large wall tent was solidly propped up and well anchored down , topped off with a sheltered cooking area off to one side .
a while later , i began to see another lighter area in the forest ahead , indicating the second opening at the end of the trail .
after putting the finishing touches on the seating area , knocking off a few noisy dead limbs , sawing off a stub in my back , bending a few branches out of my view , and attaching the ever important safety strap , i started back down checking and securing the steps as i went .
a woman with ratty clothes and a crumpled - up , stained face stood about five feet away on the dirt area just above the curb .
he stood on a cement waiting area .
behind this barrier was a well - lit waiting area occupied solely by the five security people who determined who was let into the club .
with that , charlie disappeared as if in a magic trick and patrick led the way toward a hallway at the back of the waiting area .
two semi - circular black leather couches surrounded a medium - sized black table , creating an oval - shaped sitting area .
primarily , the space was distinguished from the main passageway of the vip area , but only by the height of the couches .
even the vip area was now relatively full with people .
i made a beeline for the cookie area but found my path blocked by a stocky serious looking woman ; for a moment i thought about giving her the old shimmy shake head fake but the cramped quarters of the van precluded such a maneuver .
she then told me i had just 15 minutes to stay in the cookie area !
on the off chance that i will one day grow to a ripe old age and lose the will to cover my flabby fanny in a quasi - public area i will stop short of condemning you for this practice .
roger and gwen were the first to come down the ramp and enter the terminal waiting area , looking better than catherine zeta - jones and clooney had when they arrived at lax after returning together that year from the opening of oceans twelve at cannes .
she unlocked the stage entry door down the alley , which led into the backstage area where the offices were , turned on the lights , and led her out onto the stage .
chapter 40 assassins : the colonel , the lieutenant , and the the private the three guard elite assassination corps soldiers stood at the baggage claim area of heathrow airport , waiting with the other passengers who had been on the plane with them from cairo .
this guy would siphon off half the bottle into empty coke cans , replace the vodka with water , and sell the vodka to the domestic of one of the other lessers , who would pour it into an empty vodka bottle he 'd gotten out of a dumpster behind the central compounds maintenance area , and then provide his master with a medicinal ablution when the master had had a particularly hard day denying the female segment of the population some right or privilege afforded by divine fiat only to the male segment of the population .
his jeans were baggy and hid the contour of his butt , which was the first thing gale looked at as he walked across the baggage area towards the carousel .
they took up the entire small dining area , which was ok with the owner , being it was late and he knew the junes were big tippers .
the guy looked across the entryway area around the fountain , and after a minute , remembering the $ 100 tip he d gotten , said , yeah , man , i got you .
the first floor looked to be more of a working area so i found the stairs and as quietly as i could , started up them .
yeah , i know frank would nt let cody take me to a nice private area to do my business .
we sat in the bar area , in deep armchairs gathered around a sturdy coffee table .
marissa returned from the storage area and clapped her hands .
i peered behind the cartons into the stocking area , but there was no sign of the stockboy , so i went to the customer service desk to have the orange juice situation rectified .
he cast a backward glance at me as he donned his hat and exited the counter area .
i had forgotten that the visiting area was sealed on both sides by a door which was only unlocked after the visitation period of an hour was over , and on my side there was a guard who did nt look like he was going to bend any rules for me , so i settled down to wait .
i followed the hallway to the end and found myself in a communal area , with couches , chairs , tables , bookshelves , and other patients gathered around those things .
a spotlight - style bulb over the food preparation area was still burning .
i could see the glass at the reception area and the parking lot beyond .
as we neared the reception area , the feathered guard walked across the hallway .
she hurried down the corridor to find an area where she could speak in private .
they saw an attendant open the door , saw two passengers climb down the steps , and went to the customs area to wait .
gwen laughed at the joke , sort of , and then told pierre that pierre had six hours and $ 2000 at his command , and that when she came back she expected to see a more interesting person over there , who currently was chatting it up with the receptionist in the waiting area .
why not see if roger could get him a fake american passport and just walk into the saint petersburg airport customs area ?
she would tell the hoity toity people inside the museum she was ready to move their empty artifact crates to her warehouse area .
she told him that today was the day to move the crates from vladivostok out of the basement work areas , to the warehouse areas , where she would store them for the duration of the exhibit .
she told him that today was the day to move the crates from vladivostok out of the basement work areas , to the warehouse areas , where she would store them for the duration of the exhibit .
the convoy meandered away from the museum area and disappeared into the surrounding pine forest .
they liked the pub area with its big fireplace .
with drinks in hand they walked around to the pool area , through the seashore garden , and onto the beach .
sasha watched curiously as my two daughters marked the play area and laid out the bases .
to the right of the main living room was a small sitting area , complete with another television , sofa and chair .
he stepped out of the steaming area and into the shower proper .
brad left the room and walked to the office area .
he carried it out into the living room area , still ringing .
he went into the office area , pushed the chair out of the way and wheeled himself up to the desk .
during my lunches the kids would hurl food at me from across the park area where everyone ate .
i decide i ca n't let him see me and i bolt out the opposite door he 's headed for , onto the patio area .
i arrived back at the hotel , parked in the same area as before , and waited .
from where i was parked , i had a good view of the main entrance of the hotel and of the parking area .
* * * after our movie let out i took the kids to the small arcade area located at the front of the theater and bribed them with ten - dollars worth of quarters .
after going through the usual motions of entering a prison , we were finally sitting in the visiting area , which looked , actually , exactly as they do in the movies .
besides , why take the risk of the housekeeper seeing you , going in so close to her living area ?
i made my way into the large living room area and went to check out brad jackson 's entertainment center .
he walked in to the motel area and started looking around for any sign of his man .
hollywood and highland was a large , outdoor mall type area , named after the two streets it occupied , obviously .
it was a little pricier but the office area would serve our purpose well .
shortly after , we were invited into a private office just off to the left of the check in area .
the screens were all reset and showing the real - time actions of all the people on the casino floor and other areas of the hotel .
i walked back inside and sat at a table in a little cafe area , pretending to work .
he walked slowly towards her and watched as she opened the door and stepped out back towards the pool area .
he quickly surveyed the area , noticing a stairwell coming up on her left .
it is a late thursday afternoon in st . louis and i am surveying my gate area for my flight to detroit .
it turns out the best part of my return home is already behind me as i arrived in my gate area it was crowded but there were empty seats .
i wanted to respond with i did nt know i was in the sleeping section but i guess i missed the announcement since you were snoring so loudly but about this time lounge lady began to clean her toes which forced me to leave the area .
it was 9:30 pmi began the internal debate with myself do i gamble and hang in there only to have them cancel it after midnight , ensuring a nights sleep in the gate area or do i get re - booked and find a hotel .
i sit in the baggage claim area and wait patiently by claim area f. i call home , i call friends .
i sit in the baggage claim area and wait patiently by claim area f. i call home , i call friends .
all goes welluntil a very tall , very confident woman attempts to enter through the exit area .
i left it just after my bistro treat and prior to boarding i notice a disheveled woman entering my holding cell / gate area .
i paid and carried my load to the far end of the dining area .
the cab stand is an island of asphalt in a weed field , a staging area where the cabbies wait for their turn to make the long winding drive up to the terminal , which looks like an avant - garde circus tent .
as the days went by and things fell into a pattern , the average waiting time to get out of the staging area was three hours , and that was on a good day .
they would drive down to the cab staging area mad as hell , waving their tickets and trying to drum up sympathy from the other drivers , most of whom found it funny .
after i dropped the fare off , i cruised down to the staging area just to take a look .
` ` let 's go in the back room , and talk , '' pat said , leading the way to the shampoo area .
the kitchen area and the living room were essentially one room , with angles and furniture and appliances to differentiate them .
that was my work area for the evening , so i sighed and went around the counter to find sheila still cowering beneath there .
the floors of each level were slick linoleum except for the sitting areas with the tables .
we found a small cafe area downstairs , adjacent to the kind of game room a miniature golf course might have if it gave a shit about its game room .
a truncated hallway led to the dining area , directly onto the showroom floor .
from beyond , i could see the leftmost area of a large ball room .
and while they talked otto found himself in a waiting area outside a hotel conference room wishing he could be anywhere else , even out in the sparse sea of folding chairs , listening to the monotone .
the old man prodded him in and he could smell pies baking , and as his eyes adjusted to the dimmer light he could see past a sitting area to a long low table in a kitchen with two old women at the end .
at the lobby , they headed for the casinos black jack area .
as the sensual agent finished her sentence , the lights went out in the casino area , and they lost track of the waitress with the witness , a man walking beside her .
the familiar bell indicating a jackpot rang and the sound of coins dropping inside a large box echoed in the dark area , which was filling with screams .
they walked several minutes guided by money facts flashlight , past the high limit slots , reaching a club priv , walking inside the hotels baccarat room , and making it to a salon priv , a place which looked like a vip area .
evans , were going to the reception area below , '' said donway , glancing at the spherical cavity above .
` ` were underground , this is a confidential , private area for exclusive military use , an infostation of the most secret type .
they were in an air conditioned reception area , reminiscent of a luxurious building entrance .
clarity followed afterflow at a distance , through the various corridors , until the repairman entered an area called the transmission room , filled with computer servers .
clarity moved towards the television area where afterflow had carried out his conversation .
they walked to a door labeled ' restricted requisition area - naked requisitions allowed ' , and everglade stopped brayfield , who wanted to with them .
she opened a drawer of the night table and found a map of the center , countless corridors , restricted areas , no restriction areas , one fast food restaurant , the reception area , the office area , mission control , and finally , the repair lab , on the same floor where she was .
she opened a drawer of the night table and found a map of the center , countless corridors , restricted areas , no restriction areas , one fast food restaurant , the reception area , the office area , mission control , and finally , the repair lab , on the same floor where she was .
she opened a drawer of the night table and found a map of the center , countless corridors , restricted areas , no restriction areas , one fast food restaurant , the reception area , the office area , mission control , and finally , the repair lab , on the same floor where she was .
she opened a drawer of the night table and found a map of the center , countless corridors , restricted areas , no restriction areas , one fast food restaurant , the reception area , the office area , mission control , and finally , the repair lab , on the same floor where she was .
clarity checked the name of the floor , she had reached the floor in charge of special activities , a large area hustling and bustling with feverish activity by people looking at several computer screens , relaying information from cameras placed in various parts of the world , cities , small towns , military enclosures , parks , gardens , beaches , private communities , corporations hotels and airports .
they walked towards the reception area , where the phone was ringing repeatedly .
she walked to the main bedroom area and watched everglade in bed with brayfield .
the eye scanned the elevator area and focused on clarity .
the elevator system , where part of the logic processor of evans had stayed , was proving to be faulty and was interacting with other domotic modules , local temperature at the center , the fountain patterns of the bellagio , lighting , electricity voltage fed to computers , and security access signals and items , such as a set of turnstiles which separated the office area of the center from the data infrastructure warehouse that was used to store information for customers of the center for symbolic affairs , clients such as the national security agency .
` ` i ve just closed the turnstile leading to an area where we can speak , ask afterflow whether there s a manual panel to lower the temperature , hell go to the turnstile area , but wo nt be able to get through , only you will be able to .
` ` i ve just closed the turnstile leading to an area where we can speak , ask afterflow whether there s a manual panel to lower the temperature , hell go to the turnstile area , but wo nt be able to get through , only you will be able to .
` ` yes , there s a manual temperature panel in the warehouse area , its a restricted area , i had nt thought of it , we need the whole computer system to work , not just a part , but its getting pretty hot in here , it may be worth a try . ''
` ` yes , there s a manual temperature panel in the warehouse area , its a restricted area , i had nt thought of it , we need the whole computer system to work , not just a part , but its getting pretty hot in here , it may be worth a try . ''
they walked through a long corridor leading to a no - access area , separated from the office and residential area of the center by a turnstile .
they walked through a long corridor leading to a no - access area , separated from the office and residential area of the center by a turnstile .
brayfield and afterglade came to check the incident and decided to follow afterflows suggestion to send clarity to the warehouse area , where the temperature control panel could be adjusted to lower the temperature at the center .
in an odd matter of coincidence , a bitcoin has apparently disappeared from the electronic safe of the bellagio hotel , which looks after these types of electronic and virtual currency , used by bellagio guests at times , in exchange for gambling chips for the casino area .
` ` no , we ca nt confirm it , but its a very plausible idea , there is an area below which is not part of the bellagio , and there is some personnel from facebook down there as well .
the landing call station indicator flashed floor minus one and a half , showing that the elevator was headed for the centers reception area .
she let them inside the playing area and asked them to sit down across from her .
just after mary left the service area in search of her car , i was left alone by the vending machines .
just me in the waiting area , and four clerks behind the glass partitions .
despite all of his anger , he still managed to walk into the service area nonchalantly , his bloated spare tire entering first and triggering the electronic beep announcing another soon - to - be satisfied customer .
the walls were lined with foldout chairs , and at the north side of the waiting area was a large , red pull - ticket dispenser , the kind you would see at a deli .
a somewhat rotund woman came through the waiting area , heading towards the door .
once we got through the gates , we were subjected to 21st century conditioning : designated smoking areas , escalators to the second tier , well - placed televisions and numerous eateries where one could order food and not miss a single pitch .
it was a picture of two boxes placed underneath what appeared to be the stocker desk from the sr area , with one word written above the photo in frilly cursive : why ?
i went to my standing desk in the sr area , grabbed a pen and wrote underneath jeffs why ?
there were two other smaller areas in the back .
on the right side by the counter was a small alcove with movies strictly for kids : your looney tunes , your yogi bear , your fievel goes west every once in a while i would venture back to the childrens section and get the garbage pail kids movie or a copy of rikki - tikki - tavi if i wanted to get back in touch with my inner seven year old , but most of the time i just hung out in the main area looking at the horror section .
if i ever needed to use it , my mother would have to walk behind me with her hands over my eyes until i blindly reached the toilet , then she would wait outside until i was done and repeat the steps leading me back out to the common area of the store .
i lie awake some nights and think about what could be so adult that it ca nt be shown to adults in the main area of the adult video store .
every night my bedroom changed from a simple play area into an isolated haven safe from all the dangers my imagination could conjure .
my entertainment area contains all of the video game systems i had as a child and young adult .
the back part is a formal dining area only open after four in the afternoon .
she leads us into a japanese themed sitting area .
are there areas you can tidy up ; create more room to allow god the opportunity to grant you chances to make a difference .
that night jinny sent him a text message , the guy turned everything off , including the alarms that are supposed to alert the security monitoring company that someone has hacked the system , the guy said that was a joke , and we went in and up the stairs to the area of the silver collections which is where the painting was hanging on the wall , and jinny picked it up like it was nothing even though the frame must weigh two hundred pounds , and i stopped gale from pinching some of the silver , and we loaded it into a rental van and got outta there after relocking the door .
so i forayed farther into the employee area where i ran into the matre d , still in his street clothes , and repeated my request .
it took less than an hour to place the crate in the storage area and vince felt quite certain that his presence went unnoticed .
another alien entered an area filled with large plants and sat on a bench , pulling out some foodstuff from a brown paper bag .
a wood cabin with kitchen , living and sleeping areas and bathroom and a wonderful view of the loch .
at the other end though , deepest beneath the building , was a raised area for games .
amid the boards was a break - out area : two sofas by a whiteboard , at which bel bid finn to sit by her .
the sitting area in the office was less cosy than belindas own room .
leading on to a door in the wall of the office , bel opened it to reveal a coffee - making area .
chapter 32 first and fondest loves back in the break - out area , with a beer so cold that he could hardly drink it , finn was remembering his dreams , record shops are the last bastion of civilisation .
chapter 42 bar games beyond the railing and the stairs , was the raised gaming area .
with jemima taking his unoffered arm , she moved finn up the short stairs and to the games area ; jasper asking , you ve played before ?
i just planned to slip in through the loading bay and have a poke - about in the storage area .
in the ghastly , shifting light , macklin glimpsed a reception area with a few nervous petitioners rotting on wooden benches .
praca carlos gomez , as you entered from the nw corner , fanned out from an area of benches lining the walkway to a foreground containing a large marble fountain behind which a gazebo of refreshment stands sat under a canopy of various varieties of air rooted massive fiscus trees .
after inspecting my passport thoroughly he went to a prominent locked case in the stack area and withdrew a volume .
hopefully as her next move she would simply dislodge the small article from its containment area and pass it to me .
of the 2 rooms one was the kitchen and eating area .
here on several occasions the 4 of us lined up in the preparation area and participated in the time honoured activity of having all present participate in making dumplings .
the lumber in the area above the main bedroom had been rearranged presumably by jock at an earlier juncture so a body or two could lie prostrate in obscurity while peeking through a crack at the action below .
at jocks persistent imploring i was tempted to join him in the ceiling area above this beguiling boudoir .
btw on my next foray to jockss cottage i noticed the ceiling had been completed but only over the bedroom area .
the filth encrusted dim bulb that illuminates the bbq area in an open area of our back garden is a pretty sad source of illumination .
the filth encrusted dim bulb that illuminates the bbq area in an open area of our back garden is a pretty sad source of illumination .
in fact many large toronto hospitals have special areas called media rooms set aside just to attract cameras and reporters to partake of these big new developments that occur in their precincts .
; there was a living room with some walls , a ceiling , and a lot of furniture ; there were bedrooms done up in beige wallpaper with a pattern of rubber duckies ; there was a bathroom ; a rec room ; and a basement area where vittles , babette 's deceased husband had built an enormous model of the rock island line .
a crew of graduate teaching assistants carried him up the stairs in a sedan chair and deposited him in the reception area , outside demo 's office .
at the front of the room , antler 's friends , himlet and gormy , were testing the mikes while antler pedaled his little antlermobile around and around the cordoned - off area .
then a small , crabbed , humped figure beckoned them from a shadowy area near the bar .
upon further surveillance , he discovered that a wall of beautifully formed corals of every colour imaginable seemed to encase him in what appeared to be a circular area with a diameter of approximately twenty feet .
my girlfriend and i looked in horror as the party area filled with children , not all of whom we even liked .
she burst through the doors to the patient care area of the emergency ward .
the emotional complexity of jules evening swelled upon her return ; a young gentleman was wheeled into the emergency area on a stretcher .
this boy needs to be in the emergency area .
in another area of the hospital .
` ` the playground is the sawdust - covered area in the middle of the courtyard , '' said merlin .
the children marched them towards a sandbox in the middle of the play area .
then he rumbled into the play area and said , ` ` i ' m a troll , mind you . ''
seconds later , sweet gas rumbled out of the play area .
next , she led them into the play area and motioned to a lot of cushions on the floor .
the diesel locomotive in the loading area blatted impatiently , and hermione gave an answering call .
there was an area for materials , an area for wooden stages and an area for electronics .
there was an area for materials , an area for wooden stages and an area for electronics .
a tatty black curtain strung between two light poles served as the backstage area .
mitch stormed out of the dressing room and entered the backstage area , where the road crew and support band were doing nothing , and bob and jack were trying to look serious as the self - appointed security officers .
mitch silently screamed an obscenity as the band and their manager strolled into the backstage area .
in the claustrophobic foyer area , mitch waited until sean and the two cameramen had dashed inside .
they both slowly sauntered off to where the blushing rose garden had last been spotted , while sharmeel was getting hopelessly tangled up somewhere in the far - off azalea section of dr . eisbergs parking area .
but we had free rein of the gym area and a chance to do something other than hang around doing nothing but laughing at kids walking by .
there was also a long terrace area which spanned the length of the hall .
neville had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 127 : warrior secretaries from the reception area , philip napoleon 's office looked like any other office -- there were some walls , a ceiling , a floor , a few chairs , some wrecking and decorating magazines , a desk , and an overworked secretary .
you sleep out here , he said to the dog , pointing to the area outside his tents only door .
a king sized bed dominated one half of the room under soaring ceilings , on the other side of the room was a sitting area with a chaise lounge that invited a person to settle by the window and read .
watch whatever sport was currently on the tv screen tucked in an upper corner of the bar area .
the large patient area had been converted to an office that included a writing desk and a tiny computer with lcd monitor .
owens & owell : diversified business conglomerate with offices in new york and the kingdom of bahrain , owning the air fashion jet , a double deck plane with four engines , a copy of the airbus 380 , refurbished with all kinds of luxuries , from a jacuzzi to an indian ritual area for the users of the plane , to a permanent television channel showing fashion shows happening throughout the world .
clarity and mista jack moved to area two of the limousine , which included a writing desk , an engraved sign saying ' i was in jaguar 72 ' , glassware to serve champagne , a wooden glass holder , pull handles , several coat hooks , and a glass partition dividing the area from area one of the limousine .
the marrullero had spoken to mista jack , who lifted his hat before he lifted himself inside the pick up area of the truck , looking at both women .
chapter five after a socialist culture lesson explaining why fidel castro did not want to change the name of the karl marx theatre , a large auditorium in havana formerly known as teatro blanquita before the 1959 revolution by castro , naomi took clarity personally for washing duty in the laundry area .
* * * as ir entered the reception area he felt the glare of attention from the other local delegates , the staff , and of course the organisers of the seminar .
ir and tarquin felt that the overwhelming clamour was divided into two main areas .
we would all congregate in the cafeteria area just before classes began , and the first few weeks were usually spent looking for anyone anywhere who used to attend the same elementary school we did .
when it became an italian restaurant , the owners took advantage of the floor plan and converted each room into themed dining areas : english tudor , italian , garden greenhouse and so on .
isaly 's ran a small short - order diner in the back area , and milkshakes or sundaes made from one of 20 - plus flavors were very popular .
then he took everyone into a large central area .
they ended up at the bottom of the garage : a dark service area reserved for trucks .
instead of magazines in her waiting area , ava jane offers an interesting arrays of novels .
he pointed to the far end of the vip area where konrad and his companion were making their way up a staircase .
lucy watched him manhandle anna through the assembling backstage area , stopping to allow her to collect another free beer from the table .
and she gripped her cheeks and paced the small area like a demented chicken .
he looked around the plaza from the row of trees obscuring the main road to the bars at the far side encircling a playground by the beach and noticed how everything seemed more vivid : the colours of the floodlit trees , people chatting on terraces , children tiring themselves in the play area everything .
groups of well - to - doers shuffled away from the entrance area , where outside began to resemble a zombie attack , complete with gruesome faces pushed against glass and eerie groaning .
she passed through the wowed crowd as workers cleared the centre area and setup chairs , and greeted josh , the host , before moving to nick , the featured artist .
as she made her way to the hastily - prepared press conference area she gestured to the halls artwork for the benefit of the privileged witnesses , and gave konrad a warm smile .
above the frantic rhythms of a brazilian sambass act corsica was giving an impassioned backstage interview to a camera crew when konrad dragged nick into the exclusive area .
that s with no e. jordan decided to speak forcefully for the benefit of everyone in the waiting area .
noticing kathy stomping towards them from the reception area , todd swiftly opened the door to dr olssons surgery room .
she pointed towards an empty seat in the waiting area as patients hurriedly shifted to a distant corner .
he walked away to a secluded area next to the restrooms .
she had counted ten bedrooms with bathrooms in each , two huge living areas , two dining areas , a number of assorted rooms , four home offices and countless halls .
she had counted ten bedrooms with bathrooms in each , two huge living areas , two dining areas , a number of assorted rooms , four home offices and countless halls .
when they stepped back into the main living area , guests were now arriving in abundance .
they followed him into the dining area and sat on chairs belonging to a dark cherry queen anne dinette .
dario waved at her with a welcoming grin as soon as she stepped into the dining area .
the door opens outside and is the only entrance to the large green outdoor area where the new sign was placed .
they 're in a line maybe twenty - five feet wide , set far back on a green area with two park benches directly in front of them .
the waiting area was stiflingly warm and packed with the sick and the injured .
a & e was packed , although the nurses on reception must have had word we were on our way as they told us to go straight through the waiting area and into the secret waiting area they do nt tell the time wasters and broken leg brigade about .
a & e was packed , although the nurses on reception must have had word we were on our way as they told us to go straight through the waiting area and into the secret waiting area they do nt tell the time wasters and broken leg brigade about .
i got bored and my legs hurt after about three minutes so i went back to the secret waiting area , which was just up the corridor a bit .
randolph sighed as he walked past her , and then around the counter separating the work area from the rest of the store , taking off his apron as he did so .
afraid so , loreen replied as she moved over to the chest of drawers buried under the work areas long l - shaped countertop .
walking briskly to the work area , lucas , the stores manager , pulled a pen out of his shirt pocket as he approached loreen .
randolph moved away from the espresso bar and slowly made his way out from the work area .
chuckling all the way back to the work area , he pushed through the swinging door and went back to polishing and cleaning the espresso bar .
as soon as the man had left , brian looked over at randolph from the far side of the work area and remarked sarcastically , different affixes for snow !
as clearly indicated on our menu board , sir , randolph said as he pointed to a section of the board 's upper right area , our whipped caramel topped ice blended coffee based flavored beverage contains both of those ingredients , as well as being espresso based .
empty it was fine , easy to push and easy to maneuver , but filled with ice the thing 's weight quadrupled and guiding it from the huge ice machine in the storage area through the narrow back room door , around the corner near the toilets , into the work area , behind the other staff without bothering them , and then finally into its place under the counter where the blenders were placed was a nearly herculean task .
empty it was fine , easy to push and easy to maneuver , but filled with ice the thing 's weight quadrupled and guiding it from the huge ice machine in the storage area through the narrow back room door , around the corner near the toilets , into the work area , behind the other staff without bothering them , and then finally into its place under the counter where the blenders were placed was a nearly herculean task .
at least loreen has us take turns , he complained inwardly as he pushed the ice bucket along the workspace and through the swinging door that separated it from the store 's lounge area .
stepping behind the counter and moving across the work area , randolph met loreens eye as she gestured for him to take over for brian at the espresso bar .
he wadded it up into a ball as he exited the stores work area and headed towards the employees room , shoulders slumped .
loreen looked over at them for the first time , and then walked to the back half of the work area where a number of electronic timers were magnetically stuck to the secondary cooler .
now for it , he told himself , and propped the door open with one of the nearest garbage bags before grabbing another and heading down the side of the building towards the rear parking area .
he walked over to the far end of the work area , exited through the swinging door , and headed to the front to let her in .
swinging around into the work area she placed the drawers in their appropriate slots in the cash registers and then saddled up next to randolph and whispered in his ear , just what is all of that crap on the tables ?
he was standing at the back corner of the marmucks work area where the most counter space was and was busily pouring out caramel from the storage tubes into the smaller dispenser tubes .
he stormed out from the work area and marched to the front door , pushing by the shocked deliverer as he did so .
it was a direct violation of one of corporates directives to always have the radio on in the reception area but he was okay with it .
all officers to the holding area , immediately .
we parted the worn red curtains and went through the next door to the main club area .
as i approached the restroom area i joined a long line waiting to get in .
i scanned the bar area and saw fiona perched on a bar stool , her head slightly down , with her hands clasped gently in her lap .
just a few feet outside tony 's office pancho and elvis and melissa made troubled tracks back to the secondary detention area where they uneasily turned the keys on the cell doors and let the mexican - american man and his wife out of the grim detention cells into the somewhat less grim detention area .
just a few feet outside tony 's office pancho and elvis and melissa made troubled tracks back to the secondary detention area where they uneasily turned the keys on the cell doors and let the mexican - american man and his wife out of the grim detention cells into the somewhat less grim detention area .
they hid it where ? -- and noticed something was going on over in the detention area .
tony said as he started to walk through the door into the detention area where the vasquez parents looked up from their fervent and possibly ineffectual prayers , the beginnings of clinical paranoia plastered on their apprehensive faces while their three kids were still blissfully snoozing away .
lorenzo did n't even notice , focused as he was on the gas tank area where the dog would undoubtedly hit and prove lorenzo once again correct .
she drove slowly past the secondary inspection area just as mirabelle was running philbert on the van and saw the dog blast the van 's seats .
off to the side stood senior inspector lorenzo ' copro ' pappagallo , fixedly staring at the gas tank area of the deceptively inert white honda odyssey .
supervisor lapaluzza noticed lorenzo standing by the gas tank area of the honda .
baseball cap by the arm and headed back to the detention area in the main building , mr .
big m pulled into the secondary inspection area on the mexican side and his spirits promptly sank below sea level .
i see , paul said , dropping his ball far beyond the starting area to take his first shot .
rather than heading toward the stairs dead ahead , carter turned left past the sink to an adjoining area linking a laundry room and a bathroom .
the tennis courts where avery met carter the day before were just off to their right , separated from where they were going by the track and field area .
slipping through the door , she entered the reception area , where a secretary clacked away at a keyboard .
i showed her in to the pub and let her walk the flight of stairs ahead of me , up to the seating area .
oh , that 's just great , he replied , following her out of the cubicle area .
i woke up and when out in the common area , caught a flying molson beer .
upon opening the wooden divide you stepped in to a small holding area , where a poster thanked you for using a powerflex product and hoped your restlessness had been relieved .
instead the teenage alien opted for a brisk walk around the ship , a decision which meant leaving his room and negotiating the family area .
entering the open plan room , containing a kitchen and seating area , zarg was faced with a scene of domestic bliss .
she walked in to the kitchen area , conversing on the move .
she toddled past , back towards the living area with a spray of some sort .
all the cards were on the table as zarg folded and entered the living area .
spiritwind nudged brick as they wandered towards the improvised speaking area .
various upholstered benches and cushions of embroidered perfection littered the area .
instead he pulled a chair away from a table and placed it in front of everyone in the dining area .
i could only listen and observe a shadow lengthening on the floor as the owner of the voice emerged from the latrine and shower area .
when i thought i could handle no more , private west emerged from the latrine area carrying a large pitcher of some cocktail that the females passed around to each other .
through the eye holes on the mask , i looked for someone else to save me , but only he and i stood in the company area .
but a minute later , school buses began entering the company area .
the four platoons in the company were gathered on the parade area , a giant slab of blacktop , so hot that the tar turned to gelatin .
i went back out to the dining area , quickly gathered the remains of breakfast onto my little dinner cart and rolled them back to the kitchen .
i d watch her bend over her laundry basket in the common area of the youth hostel , her back tanned a golden brown , like it had been slowly baked and basted .
ricky stayed with her in the waiting area while jed went to the ticket counter .
he spotted him on the other side of the waiting area looking at some posters .
chapter 8 all the walnuts gathered in the parking area the next morning ready for their trip .
* rickys panicked yelling came from the barn area .
only your father would consider hiring idiots just to save a buck , martha told danielle , walking down the hall to see the spectacle in the parking area .
heather took the comb and dragged it through the problem area .
asked danielle out at the parking area , annoyed .
come on then , give me a leg up , said valerie , having already thrown the lit torch inside the hatch first so as to light up the area in which she will be contained .
we finally end up at the play area , which has many other kiddies for charlie to play with .
as we approach the play area , i notice a red cap bobbing about and heading back inside the playhouse .
my dad and i arrive and i had assumed that he would just remain sitting in the waiting area , but no .
finally i am , allowed to leave the area as i make my way back to the pews along with the other strangers .
this situation soon finds me strolling around the corridors in a bid to get a feel for the place as i try to get my head around it when i discover that i am not the only nervous performer to grace this area , for one very famous face is throwing up into a bucket just before taking to the stage .
after all that blood and guts stuff , we all needed to relax so the chairs were removed from the area and stacked up by the wall to the right as the yoga mats were brought out to replace them .
the husband gets the wrath of her wrongly asserted accusations as i try to shrink into the background as best i can , for it is not that big an area in there for three people .
there was one main area of machines , surrounded by a burgundy running track .
usually i would stop to admire the roman busts of trajan and the like , but this time i zipped down the massive corridor to the dimly lit area beyondancient egypt .
erick grabbed me by the hand and pulled me towards the vip area .
music was only slightly muffled in this vip area .
the silent man , with the large headphones and sunglasses , at the end of the table placed a few more chips into the betting area , calling raise as he did it .
he placed his chips inside the betting area .
i crossed over from the kitchenette and dining area into the living room , noticing a blinking red light on the answering machine .
a wall of windows illuminated the waiting area for the elevators .
the locker room was one of the most efficiently advanced areas in all of awful , ohio .
doink mctriggers rose from his sitting position and pointed his portable body towards the rest area , relocating it to the rest area that was in the back hallway .
doink mctriggers rose from his sitting position and pointed his portable body towards the rest area , relocating it to the rest area that was in the back hallway .
this is our debating area , where all the details are decided .
entering the area that housed all of the dogs ready to be adopted was an unnerving experience .
schler spins and the ball seems running on a thread , then you see him rise again , always in different spots of his game area .
along with a happy face with a bag strapped to his shoulder , slightly rocking and moving away from the area of play .
ogimura let us notice that in some tournaments , the games were played in areas as big as volleyball courts .
but it is at the reception area which adjoins a huge living room that we are slapped in the face by the smell .
mother is sitting in the family room area doing a puzzle of the united states when we arrive .
he goes over to the door separating the principals waiting area with the schools classroom hallways .
if you were to approach these structures , drawn by your inner - most sense of awe , soon you would find that you re in a world - class amusement area with an abundance of games , rides , sideshows , and food stands .
most of the area is devoted to a wood shop .
a laundry area with washing machine and dryer is set off to the far left .
there s like more stains on it but i dunno where they came from 9:16am well since were not at home , looks like i m screwed in the new t - shirt area until later .
they compromised by shoveling the deck , an operation that took almost two hours , and then , after a coffee break , shoveling a path to the shed from the front door , which was much easier since this area had been out of the wind .
the cottage was one large room with a kitchen area opposite the door .
the bathroom was in the corner by the kitchen , and above this area was the loft .
some of them were already in a larger area kicking a black and white soccer ball .
in place of the gym we could have ball fields , picnic areas , perhaps a swimming pool that would be clean and healthy for the children who are now swimming in the reeds and moss - filled pine lake , endangering their health in that pollution .
the second group scouted around the swings and slides area for their clue with as much noise and confusion as the other .
that would get the children into the area where the refreshments were to be given out while they watched peter show off his magic tricks .
soon the children began rushing into the gym , then down the stairs and into the bright lights of the dining area .
box stalls in the barn and the loafing area converted into a nice ring .
hell , he d had enough of hunger and cold and he walked briskly till his legs wobbled , back toward the entrance to the recreation area .
her eyes went from the kitchen area to the living room in one sweep .
over the work area she had hung a waterproof tarp tied taut at the four corners by twine to four tall trees and peaked in the middle by a post she dug into the ground and pushed up under the tarp to form a kind of roof from which rainwater would drip instead of pooling in the middle .
on one of the tapes he says something about building the barbecue area .
prelude to a funeral tuesday 11th september 1990 caroline pulled the hired commodore into the rest area and stopped in a patch of shade .
he grimaced and slapped the back of his own hand in mock chastisement , then led may along several narrow walkways to an area where there was barely enough space to place paintings for inspection .
they took a tray outside and sat at one of the trestle tables that occupied the entire verandah and much of the grassed area beyond .
he would then retreat to the kitchen area on the third floor of the office building and sit alone eating from a small plastic tupperware box with plastic fork and knife .
as he walked from the small kitchen area , he heard brandon shout , she is too much in love to be bribed , perry .
the rio grande has numerous tributaries that also add to its water supply , but these tributaries normally collect their waters from sporadic rainstorms during the summer monsoon season when a high - pressure area , the bermuda high , draws moisture up over the state from the gulf of mexico .
as he topped the hill above the rest areas in the salado valley , he looked up river .
we enter into a small reception area with two gray chairs , a coffee table with people magazines on it , and a large reception desk .
in the kitchen and service areas they whisper to each other , making fun of the people who obviously ca nt afford this place , you can tell just by looking at them .
the ceiling over the main area is tall , and over the kitchen , bathroom and bedroom , there s a loft , accessible by ladder .
it has heat , two sleeping areas , and a kitchen with a fridge and stove .
i set her up in the childrens area , and i go through the aisles , pulling books on gardening and preserving and soap making off the shelves .
passengers are getting out of their cars and making their way up to the observation deck to sit in the covered seating area .
scherzo found a handle and turned it , entering the creamy demesne of the rest area , its placid atmosphere soothing .
of course , it would n't be complete without a frail old women sitting inside the reception area .
he made his way back to lucy 's area .
after she finished folding and sorting the laundry , dilly arranged the separate stacks of socks and underwear on the long trestle table in the dining room which she always used as a staging area for trips .
his horde was stored in the chicken wire cage storage area along with the flour , liquid shortening , linguini , cans of tomato paste and a dozen bags of samp .
the front door was unlocked , but the reception area was empty .
there s a lot of activity in the intake area , salvador exclaimed with such excitement that his vibrating aura threw off all kinds of colors .
his gaze carried beyond us , over to the area where many orbs of light were interacting and lit up the space like a new sun .
budda surveyed the crowded dining area , which was a mix of the very tired and the very drunk .
he then scanned the dining area .
the truck , royal blue and rusted through in areas behind the rear wheels , had robt .
the hotels breakfast buffet area was small and quiet , just off to the side of the front desk .
before he began , the surveyed the dining area , which was empty but for a few tables .
budda entered a small , dark dining area .
he stood again and began pacing the small area between the tv and the recliner .
except for a flat screen tv on a small entertainment center and a leather recliner , the front area had no furniture .
he readjusted his raybans as he attempted to sashay along the walls , past the people in the waiting area , and past cass .
after perhaps reflecting on this phenomena for a moment , and remembering her own incorporeality , ms.pembleton cleverly tried to pass through other areas of the house , such as walking through walls instead of doors .
as darkness enveloped the church , they prepared a simple meal in the tiny kitchen area at the end of the vestry and sat down to devise their plans to respond to a range of imagined intrusions .
a notice board from the reception area had been propped against the verandah .
skirting the taped area , he got to the verandah stairs , entered the homestead by the main door , and made his way to the family room .
what changed gunters mind was that the truck occupied much of the area allocated to the forensics department in the secure basement .
i guessed she had neither the resources nor the inclination to re - open any of the unused areas .
inside the hospital , in a waiting area near an operating room , the lovely and immaculate marie mallon reclines on a black plastic cushioned chair under white fluorescent lights .
everyone in the waiting area looks up at him apprehensively .
charlie shows the two to the dining area , where katrina immediately joins them .
keep cat and cat box away from food areas .
he could raise the work area by stacking a rubbermaid basin on top of something , maybe a second basin turned upside down .
even at the height of summer , sunlight never penetrated more than halfway into the display area .
inside the ant farm , the public areas were dark .
when jay hillip had first suggested that they leave the playground area with the sticks and twigs that little dog and khloe had collected to play pooh sticks at the bridge , gene had no idea of what he was talking about .
even as it was , which included forthright attempts to keep their friendship unchanged , the shop was mostly filled with emptinessnot many customers , not much conversation and a lot of space between the partners as they straightened orderly rows of skeins and re - arranged perfect displays of yarns at opposite ends of the display area .
it had all the makings of a perfect , secluded study area .
noah rode his bike along the drive - up area and knocked on the window .
co - workers entered the area and placed their bags of lunch at a table near the water cooler .
guests circled the area as if the event were a networking job fair .
but all he could see was the light on in her bedroom and living area .
he sat in the concierge area .
he walked up the reception area .
like the male officer , she too was overweight ; she carried it with difficulty as she made her way into the living room area .
he checked his watch and strolled across the asphalt and looked through the chain link fence at a series of building in an even more secret area of the area 51 base , an area to which he did not have clearance .
he checked his watch and strolled across the asphalt and looked through the chain link fence at a series of building in an even more secret area of the area 51 base , an area to which he did not have clearance .
chapter 23 colonel john hibbens stood in the parking area outside his unit headquarters puffing on a cigar , watching the work crews erecting a razor - wire topped fence around the perimeter of his building .
chapter 24 brigadier general michael bardem walked into the main bay area of unidentified extraterrestrial intrusions unit 1 and immediately signaled with a quick wave of his hand to the airman in charge not to announce his arrival .
hibbens stood in the parking area and watched as bardem got into his staff car and was driven away , a plume of dust rising like a rooster tail when the car met the dirt road .
hibbens stood out of his chair and walked out of his office into the main bay area and motioned forrestal over to him .
from the corner of the room , near a glass double - door separating this area from another , i glimpsed at an elfish boy flitting about like a wingless sparrow as if he had some business of momentous consequence to attend .
a few haughtily clothed gentlemen meandered about this area , summoning the spellbound attention of innumerous sycophants .
departing through this area provided assess to the buildings rear , adjacent to the tennis courts .
upon my second inspection of this area , i observed one man perched upon a docking post .
the rooms brightness , ( courtesy of the recently replaced bulbs ) , dissolved any shadows from this area .
before the artful detective changed his course of direction , i stepped into a spacious sitting room that served as holmess primary living area .
i m sure there are trafficked areas in this building that are nt nearly so well lit .
fortunately , after pausing only twice to maintain my balance , i reached the rear parking area .
only a smattering of light spilled into this area from perpendicular windows flanking an entire wall within the chamber .
the bargain shoppers vehicles spilled over into a narrow area originally designated for the medical plaza .
before our conversation became even more discomfited , i retreated to the waiting area like a boy scolded by his mother .
i maneuvered back into the area where i d conversed with the codger .
yet i could nt see anyone standing around the area spewing disapproval at his methods .
to a casual observer it looked like the exit did nt go anywhere except into a light - industrial area that was more dark than light and which was less - than - inviting perhaps even a little frightening in its somewhat lurking demeanor .
like the downstairs area , the bedroom was beautifully furnished and appointed .
there were literally dozens of amazing works in progress scattered throughout the entirety of the workshop area .
hobson led miles over to a work area where there was a small sculpture sitting amidst a jumble of tools and scraps of metal .
tiffany clicked away confidently in her high heels to conquer some other area of the office as steve began opening the box gently , wanting to honor the care and effort that had obviously gone into creating the package .
he could clearly see that his fellow team members were busily deploying incendiary devices called lava balloons from a particular area of the ceiling .
khalis had received enough training in explosives tactics to see that by placing the lava balloons in that particular area of the basement , the entire facility would go up hot and fast .
juan was one of the old hands around the wharf and pier area where miles and bruce were constructing the catherine , and they had met him soon after arriving at their warehouse abode next to the bay .
the huge floor to ceiling windows in the apartment gave them an excellent view of the portion of san francisco bay between the golden gate and bay bridges , an area into which the sailboat sculpture they had come to know as the catherine was just entering as she headed west underneath the bay bridge in the direction of both the golden gate and alcatraz island .
? , heard steve from susan in new york as larrys live feed suddenly showed fireworks streaming into the sky from the aft deck of the ship , exploding above the area in an airborne celebration of gold and red and purple .
i want you to call in a strike from those f / a-18s out of miramar that are in the area and take out our primary target before it can reach the wharf area .
finally deciding to join my brother and his friend , i head downstairs into the small living area next to the kitchen .
when we climbed up from the road level to the next work area , the men left their lunches , threw their safety belts into a pile in the corner .
i made it all the way to the work area , but that hesitation got me into trouble .
though he could only see a small area inside the stable , harley was within his view .
in the gray space of the baggage claim , in the gray space of the check - in area , ricardo had watched face after gray face arriving and departing .
inventory manager for the new production area , herr halsa added , as if he d forgotten that joseph had sat in on every one of the interviews .
the new production area was an assembly room where this new employee would take robotic cranes out of their boxes , count the screws , assemble everything , test the completed system , then transfer it to a flatbed truck for shipment to the customers plant .
he had fired two lawyers and with josephs help retained a third who d given him the legal opinion that putting in the last few bolts in the production area would allow the company to pitch its robots as assembled in the usa .
miranda went into the kitchen area in the corner of the room , and put a kettle on the hot plate .
the kitchen area in edward 's trailer was so narrow that adelaide could touch the walls to either side of her .
a narrow bedroom adjoined the main living area on one side , and a tight kitchen on the other .
so , cocooned into the downstairs area ... where i am speaking to you , from the restaurant and private - bar - area .
so , cocooned into the downstairs area ... where i am speaking to you , from the restaurant and private - bar - area .
you were asleep when i entered and an older woman sat in the lone chair in your curtained area .
the area was set up in a typical dorm style with five or six metal frame bunk beds .
the oversized man led us into the sitting area ; left then came back with a few beers .
at first glance the downstairs area looked more like a jewelry store than an occult five and dime .
yes , there were the obligatory made in china mummified monkey paws , dehydrated alligator heads and cheesy marti gras masks but those things were displayed on one relatively small area towards the front of the showroom .
i saw shelves in one area selling home canned sweet and dill pickles as well as canned beets .
jackie carried the bag over to an empty picnic table in the backyard area of one of the nearby hostel buildings .
: : chapter thirty - one : : before we bring him in , said dr . carder , who had told them to have brad wait in the reception area until he had had a chance to speak to them , please tell me again what happened .
he gathered the pages , went out to the reception area and made several copies of it , then personally delivered his paper to four of the councils members , which took him into the evening .
she indicated the waiting area , pretty under an indoor tree , modern furniture , but elsie did nt take it in .
elsie thanked her and returned to the waiting area .
carder scrambled to his feet as she leaped into the reception area , jumped over debris , and flung the front door open .
the police were done , he was informed , and yes , they would help straighten the reception area out .
so far , he had managed to handle his patients and to tell those who arrived to wait in the reception area , but it was not easy .
she looked around the room again , then over her shoulder into the breakfast area , and out through the patio doors at the back yard .
i look up and she 's led me to the interview area , even sat me down and stuck a bottle of water in my hand .
just want to take a look , the radiographers voice was still calm , we could detect no note of concern as she hovered around the head area .
he led yuri into a smaller office that was a great deal less luxurious than the reception area .
he just happened to have a book by my favorite poet sitting around in the dressing area .
bunnu made it a point to change his diaper twice a day , discarding the used diapers in the chute that connected his cell with a vast underground waste disposal area .
i will speak to whomever i need to speak to , but you need to sweep the ceiling area again , someones up there .
this area , impossibly large , as was the stage itself now toowe were still in a small church , after allwas crowded with actors milling about , some yet to go on , some just come off from the banquet .
meanwhile the daily news reporter was now running full speed toward the lounge area , pursued by five or six locals .
the elevator opened up onto a tastefully appointed reception area .
i spent the rest of the day sitting in a corner in the admin waiting area .
soon throughout the halls and public areas of the building the danny stick - figures began appearing .
i get a coffee at the starbucks near the play area and sit just to watch them .
it looked like the area where we had been held in the detention centre but i could nt be sure .
david has started and we has returned toward the equipped area ; in the brief journey , mark has uncorked two beers and you / he / she has passed one of it .
they did n't separate us that few hundred meters between the disco and the equipped area where we had left the camper but the work of a day so devastante has made the hard run massacrante .
we have turned , imprisoned of the incandescent mean , up to find her / it before and perhaps only area equipped for the standstill camper .
disembarked by the camper and ended to smoke , we were about to enter the area of standstill where we would have dined when gianca has made the most complicated things .
he sat with cannon at the trestle table along the inside perimeter of the house , in the area devoted to food preparation and consumptionit was hard to identify the boundaries of an actual kitchen in the one large room .
components of windmills cluttered an area around a large industrial fan , though chris wondered how there could be enough power to run it .
binny walked to the ribboned - off area .
chapter 5 an unexpected surprise it is early in the morning and adel is sitting in his van at the international arrivals area at the lax airport , waiting for customers to arrive .
she explains that he will be back after lunch and that he is more than welcome to sit in the reception area until he arrives .
he notes that the suite is just as impressive as the lobby entrance with high ceilings , large living area and modern stylish furniture .
when they enter , there is a large couch and a smaller couch and a chair in the living area .
julia stepped out past the end of the covered deck and into an area with people playing shuffleboard while dressed in long overcoats .
without sneakers or boots , i was restricted to the cabin areas .
for the next two days i walked around the cabin area in flip flops .
in the basement of our apartment complex was a large storage area and garbage bins .
in our complex , the superintendent kept all of the discarded furniture , appliances and broken bikes in the storage area , next to the garbage bins .
the restaurant had an outdoor seating area with a good view of the ocean , and the prices were reasonable .
the seating area was usually half filled with bikers .
i began spending my time in the community area .
after showering , i d put on a bathing suit , grab a book , and then sit and read in the large lounge seating area .
about four in the afternoon , other tenants home from work would begin coming out to the seating area by the grills .
he finds these and more on bus stop posters , sprayed on store windows , dangling in office breakrooms and medical waiting areas , and on countless commercials and advertisements .
mike battles comfy office discussion area .
cut to carsons own footage of workers at mashipan carrying crates and boxes , as well as sagging , heavy - looking rug rolls wrapped in paper , to a staging area near the edge of the mountain .
over the last few days , a transom has been rigged to hoist these items down to a loading area a thousand or more feet below .
when i finished , i saw that gil had nt cleaned up the slicer or the rest of the prep area .
the prep area needs cleaning .
this morning , before he cleaned up the prep area , he was out in the front , talking to her .
now , she really did have one , and she knew she would have it until she left area place and got back to macdonald park and beck academy .
chapter thirty - six disconnected on a saturday in september , a sunny and bright day , tracy sat at the window of her bedroom in area place .
area place was alive with noisescar horns , conversations from pedestrians , music from passing cars .
so now , as she sat at the window , tracy sighed and nursed the irrational thought that no one in area place liked her anymore .
it was prettier than the kingdom hall near area place that she and aunt madge would visit when tracy was a child .
in contrast , the macdonald park and napier congregations had a brand - new kingdom hallaunt madge said the witnesses had built it in one weekendthat sat on a grassy open lot with manicured landscaping , pine trees , and a sizeable paved parking area .
chapter forty - one banquet an hour after leaving miz graces office , tracy stepped inside her mothers apartment in area place .
grace smiled and showed tracy all the areas of the house .
grace went downtown , to the area of the floor between the top of the key and the half - court line , and shot .
i do nt have no fun in area place !
ed had only visited the apartment in area place once since returning to atlanta in february .
thank you , he said , and followed roloff into the dining area .
chapter 7 mark jenners room was a disaster area .
she pointed to an area that looked almost like a prison cell .
he had already inspected the ship top to bottom before its departure , and had seen the large caged area before .
* * * tammys pulling the report right now , explained james to kenny in the dining area .
tammy walked into the dining area and straight over to counter without so much as acknowledging the two men .
kenny was quick to the punch as tammy walked into the dining area .
they were all , that is all the humans , in the dining area .
tammy , danny , james , kenny and mike soon joined aspiria and bob in the dining area .
she ended up finishing about half the plate , and then took it to the wash area and left the room without saying a word .
well just get you through this real quick and then you ll be escorted to the waiting area where you ll be un - cuffed .
she would sit in the listening area of the library and play old records .
it occurred to him that he should check out the house before he left , so he walked up the stairs to the second floor , noted that each bedroom was as immaculate as the living area on the ground floor like a hotel or a bed and breakfast , he thought .
in the tv area four or five men were watching the bengals play their one monday night football game of the year .
surrial frowned as xander followed the face into a curtained area .
the officer led us into the sort of waiting area where they had brought us in and gave our possessions back to us .
time came to turn the steers outside , back to their gated area and the two worked in silence .
a spacious bathroom , with double vanities and a large open area leading to the two - person jacuzzi a luxury option chosen during construction , used only a handful of times since its installation .
confessions usually took place in another room with father dimer , not the private area of the priest that smelled of incense .
as they ran through a large opening into another area of the factory a door at the top of the stairway opened , out stepped a man dressed in a suit whose large beer - belly threatened to topple him down the stairs .
more guards took hold of him and led him out into a small area , the area was to one side of the arena .
axa had seen the strength of this metal before , he knew he would have to hit the man in the unguarded areas .
` ` kabah , labnah , '' axa outlined an area of wall to them , ` ` charge here , we follow ! ''
@ a hurried search through the three decks of the galleon ; in officers sleeping quarters , down in the hold and even in the small area set aside for the animals ; cow , goats and chickens that would provide fresh produce during the voyage , revealed that the friar was indeed no longer on the ship .
they then set to with hammers , planks of oak , and barrels of pitch to reinforce the area which bent threateningly inwards as wave after wave slammed against the vessels side .
@ chacuti pecked him on the cheek and ran up the sweeping staircase , she passed round a magnificent glass chandelier upon which , although light still entered from the domed window above , numerous candles had been lit bathing the area with their warm , soft glow .
amarvellous , it shall have pride of place , @ said richard pointing to an area of wall alongside one of the racks of books , he held the sketch up as he examined it , abut i feel it does rather more than justice to me , i ' m not as young as i used to be .
the bad samaritan followed me in and took his place across from me , back to the drivers area where hans would sit .
the main area was too loud for hawks liking , so he rented the private room and we sat in there , away from everyone else .
six troopers will be guarding the four entrances to the gym , positioned roughly 10 yards from the work area .
it enters the kitchen area and sits on the floor beside the range , gazing upward .
its hot on tgifs patio dining area , but the inside is full of what must be ole miss frat boys shouting , phone boontos en te eremo .
four centers of disembodied sounds start to modulate , shift , agree upon a common tone , a sustained thread passing from one area of the trailer to the next .
she presses a buzzer that opens a swinging door that lets me into the vault area .
a few moments before the curtains open , james enters from the side door to the backstage area and takes his own front row seat .
colling followed the corporals gaze , and saw that an area had been curtained off , and several folding cots had been set up .
if you wants to scrounge , you might find somepin to eat over there , replied the corporal , pointing to another curtained area half - hidden behind a stack of boxes .
colling discovered that klaus had used the six days that they had been gone to construct a long counter along one side of the large main room of the former canteen that colling envisioned would be the px dining area , if approval were given to establish one .
they entered garmisch , and he soon saw the sergeant waving and pointing towards a place in a field bordering the road that appeared to be used as a turn - around or parking area .
at mid - morning , the polonias staff seemed to be occupied with cleaning guests rooms and he did not encounter anyone in the utility areas under the building .
quarles was silent until they had left the dock area , but then began pointing out various stockholm landmarks as they drove through the citys streets .
the narrow entrance hallway had been converted into a reception area .
when he returned , he nodded at oblieska , and the pole asked colling to follow him to the screened - off area at the rear of the tavern .
over the old ladys shoulder , he could see two men in the little reception area .
in the waiting area , colling had a chance to go through his luggage .
i got to my classrooms designated area and checked in with mrs . marshall .
once they slide open the gate and let us into the bumper car area , he took off running to a green and yellow car .
we walked over to the gaming area .
the attendant took a few steps away from the target area .
despite being lunch time , the sit - down area of the restaurant was nt very busy .
i got up to find the condiment area .
it was almost like a malls food court , except there were computers set up in the middle of the seating area for anyone to use .
the guys gave him high fives when he returned to the seating area .
kraig and i waited off to the side , closer to the big open hallway that hotels have in their lobby / ballroom areas for the rest of the crew to be done .
if its okay with you * * * the nurse led us to a curtained exam area .
she thought it must be for an area that was no longer in use , but just as she had walked by it , a sudden image of matthew and some of the students from their group flooded into her mind .
barbie dressed and we sat in the small living area on the floor on purple and blue cushions and aunt savannah made us green tea .
candles lit the dining area .
i dressed and went out into barbies living area .
i followed her back onto the street and we walked in silence down a couple of blocks to a store - fronted area .
inside it was dark , but as barbie turned on lamps , i could see that the walls were painted a deep maroon and that the area we were standing in was a lobby .
he had remained crouched beneath the abandoned brick - making machine awaiting his chance to dart across the open area and through a savage dog - sized hole that lay directly within his line of sight .
even allowing for a subway delay , sister cleary knew she would probably end up sitting for an hour in the terminals waiting area .
all the furniture in the room , the convents parlor and only area where guests were received , was at least forty years oldtwo other wingbacks , a few straight - back wooden chairs and a loveseat .
the spectacle of someone revealing herself so unequivocally lled him with awe , as if she had suddenly thrown open all the rooms of her soul , the messy bedroom and cluttered attic equally with the tidy , more public areas of ordinary life .
she reluctantly led us to a curtained partition inside the treatment area .
table of contents 32 we were the last to file out of the theatre and make our way to the reception area .
delray was summoned to register 6 over the store loudspeaker and he approached the register area with a smirky , pursed grin affixed to the center of his cicatricial cheeks .
a moment later there was the sound of activity coming from the kitchen area .
middle area , the last one by the pillar on the right side entering the hall ...
squatting low as he walked , domen slinked along the level area and into the narrow cave he used for sleeping and scheming .
he drove a dark suv and parked in the loading area even though mona well knew he had nothing to unload .
someone else wanders into the break area and stares at bulletin boards plastered with flyers , so i hang up and shove my phone into my back pocket , thinking about daniel in his math class , hoping the heat wrap is nt showing over his waistband , hoping he can see the chalkboard through his bangs .
there were several customers browsing in jays area , flipping through alphabetized rows of thin , cardboard sheaths containing music magically pressed into vinyl .
* * * we met in the room the manager assigned to be our dressing area .
there was no privacy in our dressing area , but it did nt make her uncomfortable .
we slipped off the back of the stage and went into our dressing area .
but the back area was pretty much empty .
tony lured noisier of the dogs into a back room , and jackie led the rest of them on a tour of the newly furnished living area .
there was rose garden between the court and the house , while on the remaining side of the court , a brick stairway breached a metre high wall , to access an adjoining area of garden dominated by a leafy summerhouse .
pushing through the big heavy door into darkness ( the drapes were all pulled ) ; i was assailed by the stale musty atmosphere of the large living area .
looking around the living area , my thoughts encompassed my far away siblings .
it was an elevated area , enclosed by benches .
a small area of visibility appeared at the base of the fogged windscreen .
the entrance led immediately into the kitchen area , separated from the entrance foyer by an l - shaped bench top .
she led me away from the kitchen bench to the open plan living area .
that led to a small kitchen area with a window - filled sitting area that overlooked the entire wooded valley below .
that led to a small kitchen area with a window - filled sitting area that overlooked the entire wooded valley below .
i do not go into your bathroom or other rooms ; i generally stay in your bedroom area because i do not want to intrude on your privacy as a woman .
now , i will warn you that on many occasions you have left the shower area and come out into your bedroom to dress , which i would advise you not to do from now on .
okay , you beat me this time but i demand a rematch , he laughed as he dismounted and took the reins of both horses and led them into the stable area .
she pulled into the parking area , parked her car , checked in , and decided to go right to the restaurant since she had nt had anything to eat all day except for a banana .
she closed the door and headed out of the bedroom area into the kitchen .
as he heads into the main area where everyone is gathered , i hear him shout out to my aunt : lenore , you having a party and you ai nt invite me ?
we had back space that was big enough to hold a mango tree that we would raid every mango season ( nothing like pepper pots after school when the adults were nt home to stop us ) , a sestion ( an outside washing area ) , several clothing lines and a habitat for four mongrel dogs , rex , spotty ( who was afraid of clappass ) , our beloved anna ( who was murdered by a dog hater several years ) and teeca ( my favourite dog in the whole wide world ) .
halogen lights made the two - story open area appear even brighter than usual , and the late - morning sun reflecting off the black marble floors made the entire area feel like virginia in august .
halogen lights made the two - story open area appear even brighter than usual , and the late - morning sun reflecting off the black marble floors made the entire area feel like virginia in august .
detective parkings is in the waiting area .
cassandra nodded at carl and he followed parkings out to the reception area .
the walk in closet had become the staging area for the great escape , there stood the boxes of books and cds to be mailed , the suitcases waiting to be filled with the clothes on the shelves above the hanging suits .
he brushed the grains from his clothes as he walked quickly to the enclosed area .
the torches gave enough light to show the way , but some areas of the tunnel were obscured by shadows where sage could hide as he moved forward .
to his relief , the nurse at the emergency room took him straight to a private examining room , so he did nt have to face the people in the waiting area .
the shower area was reasonably clean , but in some parts of the building one could see footprints in the grime on the floor .
although other members of the union of utility workers were allowed in the common areas of the shed , it was the domain of the line workers , and no lesser member of the uuw dared usurp , infringe upon , or tarnish in any way the clubhouse privileges of a lineman in the shed .
claude passed through the lobby area to the kitchen counter .
he rose from the computer and mingled with the guys as they moved a shipment of large equipment from the bays to the storage area .
a small gray table and four metal chairs with red vinyl seats stood in the center of the kitchen area , while the living room section boasted a ratty green couch and a scuffed - up rocking chair with an orange seat cushion .
however , when claude looked for his net , he realized he d forgotten it , and could nt find another net among the junk in the storage area behind the big yellow wall .
none of the forklifts had been moved from the parking area .
they ll put two cameras up there , he said , one to look through the windows to watch the yard and another to cover the bay area .
the bottom floor housed the main work area , a one - room space clustered with round tables and small plastic chairs .
they dragged over two old chairs from the storage shed , hauled down the television from jamies room , and filled the small area with games , food , water , and blankets .
instead , he walked to the back entrance and secured it , moved a forklift to the parking area , brought down the bay doors , and turned out the main lights , leaving just the dim security lamps to illuminate the department .
claude crept along the walls until he reached the locker area , carefully peeled a picture of jamie from inside the door of his locker , and stuffed his personal belongings inside an old company sweatshirt , tying the sleeves to keep what he could from falling out .
with the bolt cutters he snipped the lock to the storage area beneath the porchno sense breaking into the cabin itself , since the water had been turned off weeks earlierspread his sleeping bag on the concrete floor , and with the door slightly ajar for sunlight peeled off his rubber waders and wet clothes , laid them flat on the upside down hull of the rowboat , and put on dry garments .
for a moment he reflected about the curtains , surmising that together they might keep him warm enough to sleep the night , but on some level , beneath the booze and weariness , perhaps even beneath the realm of claudes normal cerebral capacity , lingered the notion that breaking into armands cabin just was nt right , that he could approach armand with a new lock key the next day and explain how he d borrowed a night on the concrete floor of the storage area and armand would understand , but that attempting to explain why he d smashed two windows to get into the cabin might provoke an altogether different , and justifiably more unpleasant , reaction .
she suggested , claude told joan , that claude snip the lock to the storage area , sleep on the concrete floor , and drop the key to the new lock in their mailbox on his way back to rhode island .
she spun around and walked toward the open door to the storage area beneath the house .
he turned to look at the table area , where a puddle of alcohol - tainted coffee soaked itself into a weeks worth of mail .
bubba led the way , and desi held jeff by the arm as the two left the table area .
first rates front door opened to a small reception area with a bright yellow carpet , a small , uncluttered receptionists desk with no receptionist , and a row of three guest chairs .
as claude sat in the reception area , he fretted about explaining his broken nose .
she turned the stove off and carefully carried toms bowl into the dining area , putting it on the table in front of him .
the kids had whinged and whined so much about having to use it not to mention its god - awful smell that peter had a septic tank installed and a transpiration area built in the back of the yard , so that the contents of the toilet no longer needed to be pumped out .
it was obvious where the transpiration area was ; the grass grew much greener and thicker there than anywhere else on the property .
to his left was an open area with a wooden counter where purchases might be made , although he saw no cash box or clerk in attendance .
just outside the doorway , a uniformed officer was leading a heavyset youth from the booking area toward lockup .
i m not sure what you re talking about , i replied , wishing i had gone directly to the staging area rather than pausing to commiserate with the eccentric girl .
he followed the man to the changing area .
puzzled having not noticed it earlier she turned towards the living area .
though a hopeless cook , linda dressed and went through the living area to the apartments kitchen .
dwight said approaching the dining area .
johnny sat as instructed in the reception area overlooking the tables .
this time above a vehicle repair shop it , like garys , had a ring , exercise area and bags hanging from the ceiling .
sunday 10th june 1984 as per each morning throughout both their first and second us tours , bandmates and technicians found a private area and prepared the combat gear .
away from the stage the three found a private area where johnny leapt up and down saying , did you hear that crowd ?
* * * only in the van on the way back did mazz face the cargo area where johnny sat on the keyboard cases and enquire , why did you lie and tell them we were gigging in west ham tomorrow ?
outside in the living area he found a chinese takeaway menu and picked up the wall phone .
the double sized unit opened into a reception area with a male bathroom to the right and female one to the left where the water would have run .
leaving earl on the drive hosing his truck she calmed down watering her patios potted japanese boxwood and rainier cherry trees before returning to the living area .
in one movement she rolled out of bed , grabbed her robe and bypassing the bathroom headed to the living area where she found the record waiting on the turntable as shed left it .
crawling on hands and knees through the living area she flopped in front of the tv and waited dozing until she found strength to make some coffee .
minutes later she heard footsteps appear as earl came into the living area .
with her back to the glass doors she did nt see him enter the living area either .
from the living area linda guessed earl must have hesitated .
dwight got up , dressed in jeans and t - shirt for work and went to the kitchen area to get breakfast .
with a seating area no larger than twenty - five square meters , a dilapidated tin roof , and pork goulash as the only offer on the menu , it was the traditional assembly point for construction workers , local merchants and occasionally imra the grumbling postman in moments of high spirits .
i thought i could avoid the large drops of spring rain if i carefully chose my route and kept within the dry , sheltered areas under the canopies , balconies and trees , which is why i did nt bother to take an umbrella .
manuel leaned over a railing that separated the dance floor from the sitting area and slurred into ricardos ear .
the 80 or so patrons in the dining and bar area , of both sexes , and seated around the tables , were tidily dressed .
wooden bench seats were spread neatly around the grassed area .
he did not resist as she took his hand and they climbed the few stairs to the roadway level parking area .
around the corner on the side street was the main entry , a small office and the garage repair area .
to the right of the building on the side street was a large two - metre high mesh fenced area , about the same area as the garage .
the area was filled with car bodies piled three high in some areas .
rod followed tim up the stairs and into a large lounge - cum office area with desk , cabinets , book - shelves , even comfortable lounge chairs , side tables , and table - lamps .
the smell of anti - septic still hung in the air of the bathroom and toilet ; other air fresheners had been liberally used in other areas .
by 7:45 pm he was seated at the small bar - waiting area inside the restaurant .
the large pebbles of the parking area forced them to walk gingerly until they got to the sand high up on the beach .
the two hoodies walked toward the road , crossed it quickly , and entered the parking area of the supermarket clearly marked for supermarket customers only .
my mother showed the lady through all the rooms around the house , except my room , and proudly revealed the massive amount of storage areas , and then the results of all her kitchen skills by showing off her filled preserving jars containing fruit from our own orchard .
one of the two nurses , leaning on the verandah railing , keeping an eye on their dozen or so charges among the outdoor area , raised her hand and pointed toward several small blocks of rose gardens surrounded by grass verges .
with that she swung back the wide flap by the counter allowing wheel - chair entry into a private area .
he led me out of the private bar to the small greeting booths near the reception area .
sometimes he sat in shaded areas , trying to be inconspicuous while watching the boys activities , and still writing in his clipboard , which he would immediately slam shut if anyone approached .
this was an area where some of the wealthier senior pupils parked their private cars , and where the caretakers large and old wooden lock - up day - shed was located .
pet moved into the living room area and motioned for her client to follow .
from the kitchen to the dining and living areas , she scrubbed and kneaded the floors .
while in deep thought , she did nt realize that nurse connie had re - entered the living area .
he looked up to the area just above the market stalls .
the trees enclosing the garden area swayed elegantly .
the grating voice soon made itself heard , coming from the reception area where she had engaged mike and two other rangers .
we were able to sleep in the empty television area and we nourished our stomachs by sneaking off with other peoples food from the communal fridge .
on the sunday evening we went into the television area and , to our dismay , it was full of the hostel staff .
we put on our suits and went down to the main area .
we would come home after twelve - hour working days to find drunks and junkies having fistfights and screaming matches in the main area .
knowing something had to be wrong he walked over to the kitchen sink area and turned her around by the arm .
they knew the stadium area would be impossible to try and meet so they had pre - arranged to meet at a local restaurant for dinner .
after the tourist season had finally come to a close and the first frost settled over the town , bunnus employer , an innkeeper by trade , would invite those who d stayed in town for the winter to a seasons end party in the main lounge area of the inn .
the innkeeper would often go to bed early , but gave bunnu permission to use the main lounge area to entertain guests , so long as the noise did nt wake him .
emmanuel , meanwhile , looked up at dr . narciss , who nodded at him blankly and motioned quietly for him to climb up to the observation area , while he fitted the test subjects head and torso with the metallic extraction apparatus : inserting pins here , tightening knobs there , and occasionally searing the soft , hairless tissue of the subjects skin with a glowing hot metal rod in the hopes of eliciting a certain desired biochemical response .
they crossed over into the east wing , then to the south , then the east again , and then to some area neither east nor south , as they entered an extremely long corridor .
one of the doppelgangers once bragged to me of their massive weapons arsenal in a storage area somewhere deep in the razorweed marshes of the southwestern district .
just need to hang out backstage and say the password to the stage manager and hell put us in a private area with the bird of our choosing .
they undertook a massive construction project , bringing in investments from private donors , some of whom wished for a museum wing to be added to bring in exhibitions of fine art , and some of whom asked for a yamian cultural center to be added to the top floor , as well as a library full of books by noted historians of the republic on the true roots of yamian heritage ; in addition to this , some donors requested that displays full of primitive ceramics and weaponry be placed in the lobby outside the seating area ; nature - loving donors asked that a 15 - acre arboretum be founded adjacent to the building where species of flora native to yami could be preserved and appreciated by tourists from roped off gravel paths .
there was no shortage of old spiritual iconography scattered about his house : paintings from the parables of old scripture adorning walls , porcelain salt and pepper shakers whose tops warped and extended into prongs shaped like the sacred claws of dasa in the middle of the dining table , statuettes of ancientand , in modern times , somewhat arcanegods in his puja area .
from where bunnu sat in the dining room , he could see through the parted curtains of the doorway past the living room area and all the way into the bedroom , where there was a kneeling mat of a deep red , and golden neva cloaks hanging on the far wall .
at the end of the hall , they moved through a door into an open area , an exact duplicate of the office they had just left .
she pointed to an area where several old air coolers sat rusting on the ground .
he waved toward an area of the basement that was unlit .
he was almost in tears when he thanked the expressionless gentleman that handed it to him , and walked with a steady , majestic gait as he made his way to the eating areas outside .
a group of men clad in drab colours are spread across the main area , kneeling , intense with concentration .
the temple bell sounds , as if to announce their departure , now moving into the entrance area as one .
the vent fan in the changing area hums with a slow suction but the windows above the steel frame are fogged up with a grainy mist .
i turned in my chair and looked out the open door at my sweet darling angel , who was lying quietly on the vinyl seats in the waiting area with a social worker .
chapter eleven early the next morning , michael stepped off the elevator and found me reading a magazine in the lounge area outside megans room .
peter was sitting outside the or in the waiting area , blowing on his hot coffee .
i asked , as we started walking back to the chairs in the waiting area .
luckily they had not ventured into the exhibition area , and his most prized items remained intact .
they arrived at the parking area and rode through it to the trail , then walked the bikes down the trail .
when it eased into the loading area , i could tell by sound and smell that diesel was the new power of choice .
she did nt return to the dining area .
an idea struck and she waded into the galley area to find some socks , then remembered the aqua socks .
chapter 14 ron thought about how he had walked into bank of the west for an appointment one morning a few months before and found margaret settled in the waiting area with a briefcase on her lap .
janie slipped into andrea 's station wagon as andrea rummaged in the cargo area for a headlamp .
then , i walk to the area where the elephants are kept , but none of them are in the outside enclosure , probably owing to the slight chill in the air , so i proceed to the huge building that serves as their winter home .
i work constantly , stopping only to eat and nap and shower and shave and make cursory examinations of the hallways and dumpster areas to make sure they are clean .
he ushered them into a glassed - in area in the far corner of the huge room and told them to take a seat .
he took several slow , deep breaths and went to sit down in the dorm common area , where he waited for his nerves to settle .
the bungalow had one , thankfully large , bedroom , and a large den that included a dining area on one side .
chads eyes remained fixed on sarah as she walked toward the kitchen area in the back of the hall .
it was outside the back door , an eight - by - six - foot area .
he threw on a pair of jeans , grabbed a pen and an aerogram , and went to the commons area to clear his conscience and soothe his soul .
just outside the door , a small patio area with two wooden rockers and a built - in barbeque added some ambiance .
the bedspread was nt a good place to set up a play area , but the linoleum floor was too cold on an early spring night .
the minister spoke from behind a plain wooden pulpit , and an ordinary table , like that in every school , served as an altar , though the floor of the altar area , also of concrete and on the eastern end of the hall , rose a foot higher than the rest of the church .
i think i might have glimpsed her in the kitchen area , through the door that opened right before service .
miriam pointed at the partition separating the living room from the kitchen area .
get rid of it and not only do you open up the space , but all that glorious sunlight streams straight through to the kitchen area .
he turned to the officer who had brought them into the rear holding area where the prisoners were held .
mrs . mcsweeney hurried ahead as they approach a rest area with an information board alerting visitors to recent sightings of uncommon birds .
caleb slows , steers into what might be considered a parking area , big enough for two or three cars .
caleb and i have finished our circuit , and return to the breezy shade of the pavilion area .
as i wander the living room area , i spot a laptop on the desk in the corner .
the front area is small but serviceable .
he takes the stairs two at a time to the loft , where there s a kitchenette and reception area .
this forbidden area of the apartment had become something like a shrine since my departure , unseen by human eyes since sam had moved out .
a tree burst forth from the floor , blowing the ceiling off the common area .
user asp had detected the telltale signs of a pair of secured storage areas .
s810 directed asp to enter the first area and explore the storage ; perhaps something that the admin had stored there would be of use to his task .
this storage area was comprised of code that would ruggedize the code of each user , allowing them to remain open and active on the system while directly connecting them to the admin .
the admin evidently used this area as a pre - development storage server , intending to perform releases of upgrades and new user code at some future point in time .
she called back and the voice moved to outside the bedroom area where the principals assistant , leone asked if she was sick .
jupeli and his parents had been busy preparing the church in the afternoon and luisa showed polly the wonderful flowers which her mother had spread around the altar area .
he was sitting in the waiting area when a voice said , peter percival , i do believe .
dinahs blond head was freakishly placed among them and could be seen from the enclosed customs area where imported household appliances were being given the once - over .
he walked past several knots of weeping relatives , gave a final salute and went into the waiting area to sit down .
he was the only person in the waiting area .
the windows in front were smashed and the rain had drenched a large section of the table area but the coffee machine behind the counter was unscathed .
as the paramedics rolled lizzie lovison into surgery , shepherd pulled ben into a waiting area and found a spot on a bench near the back of the room .
she was no longer able to reconstruct the reasoning , if there had been any , that had made her take arlene 's car and leave her own at the rest area .
we stopped our car at the front entrance to be immediately greeted by a dashing young man in a black suit with elongated coattails and a proper top hat , escorting us out of our car and into the lobby area .
we instinctively held each others hand and followed ethel through the lobby and back into the bowels of the blas non - guest area that betrayed the pervasive elegance of the hotel .
we might be able to block off one of the corridors or gathering areas that are a little nicer than the banquet rooms .
there was nt a convenient way for emma to enter the area and not everyone would have a clear view of where the altar would have to be .
it was a sunken , semi - secluded area with an open - air , wooden tray ceiling above it with baskets of gorgeous flowers hanging from half of the trays .
there was a gloriously curved staircase where we would place flowing ivy and accent flowers , leading down into the main area , over to the space against the wall where we would put the altar as a back - drop to the mountains and the sunset .
i am not exaggerating when i say that no more than fifteen minutes later , as we stood around for everyone to make their way into the reception area , the skies opened up and let loose a rain on the patio that would have crushed the ceremony and our spirits .
we stood in the reception area with the stream of guests around us , some slightly wet from the rain they were nt fast enough to escape .
and , to complete the fully expected dichotomy , emmas family stayed in the reception area and played games together .
there are some board games in the cabin , i saw some horseshoes outside in the little play area , and i saw some swings around the corner .
i guess i was expecting a very lavishly adorned check - in area , based on what the rest of the resort looked like on the website .
there was a sweaty , fat man in dungarees pouring drinks in jars along one wall and the rest of the area was covered with a mish - mash of wooden tables and chairs , all filled with people drinking it up and having a large time .
the guard instructed him as he prepared to enter the visitors area of the prison .
bicycles did nt count and they often used this alley as a shortcut from street front to delivery area .
they created , tested , manufactured , promoted and delivered all of the high - dollar products from pretty much this very area , no larger than a football stadium .
charlie went to the changing area behind the racks and handed the newly assembled dress to adrianne .
she wandered through the truck loading area and saw mrs . k outside of her door .
there was a small sitting area before you even got to the toilet .
the door to the church kitchen area was closed and locked .
the small dressing area was spotless and the only sign he had been there was the black plastic sheeting that was taped to the walls and to the floor .
she locked the door to the changing area and was surprised to find a double lock .
she snuck into the maternity area and got as close as she could to a baby being born .
but this ended when there was a very loud sound and then two more afterwardsthree people in different areas of this place erupted with intense firethe heat from each evaporating all the water around , these spaces covering the whole of the place so that the cold water was gone .
now there are five warehouses and a big outdoor area for everyone .
when i arrived at coldfoot , i parked in the truck area and left it running .
they finished the drinks and chris led his son to the parking area .
come on , lets go into the sewing area .
they trooped to the sewing area where old ladies sat at machines and gabbed .
jerry scanned the area , jammed with compressors , steel tables , tractor and car parts .
the book storage area underneath the desk was divided in the middle , and ivan saw that his desk mate had stuffed it with notebooks and snacks .
nakul saw vicky baba looking across the seating area towards their table .
after another round of uncalled - for reprimand by rohtaj , nakul and prashar came to the common area to get some coffee .
sighing , i followed joe out through the backstage area , and up to a door that said emergency exit onlyroof .
i looked at the door after it shut , and then watched through my window as my wife walked to her car parked in the restricted area , entered it , and pulled away .
she walked across the parking area , down the steps to the front walk .
pete 's room was on the second floor , but the house had a large converted attic area that was used as a general chill - out area by pete and his siblings .
pete 's room was on the second floor , but the house had a large converted attic area that was used as a general chill - out area by pete and his siblings .
the band lugged the heavy equipment through the entrance and placed it on the small stage area .
he moved towards the bar area , and as he entered , he heard a girl 's voice : ` ` k walker , college road atworth . ''
wells motioned towards the top floor : ` ` i ' ve knocked up a practice area in the attic space , it 's a bit basic i ' m afraid , but the acoustics are actually pretty good .
he looked around and saw that to the left side of the hall was a recessed area with bright strip lighting illuminating what appeared to be a canteen .
a group of punks were huddled around the entrance to this area .
he looked around but could n't see a bar , and the canteen area now seemed to be abandoned .
the quarry itself consisted of an open concreted area , about half an acre in size , with a portakabin office at one corner and a large open - sided barn next to it .
he walked around the side of the old farmhouse to a patio area shaded from the sun by a rose - covered trellis .
he had also painted it on a white bed sheet that hung on the back wall of the practice area , behind theo 's drum kit .
the front door was open so he entered and walked up the stairs towards the attic practice area .
coming from the practice area came a sudden and very loud drumroll .
i moved in and converted the attic area into a small flat for me and i converted the rest of the house into two separate flats .
it 's the sort of garden that you can be involved with as little or as much as you like ... '' on through the ground floor ` ` ... utility room with downstairs loo , large spacious entrance hall , two receptions and study ... '' up the stairs ` ` ... two further well - appointed double bedrooms with large sash windows - nice and light and airy - and another reception / diner at the rear with commanding views of the garden and city beyond ... '' up the stairs once more ` ` ... and finally an attic space with master bedroom with en suite and study area ... '' he felt quite out of breath .
the roller - skating waitresses fascinated and alarmed theo in equal measure - he was terrified that they would clatter into one of the restaurant 's many tables at any time or simply fall over as they ferried full trays of food and drink back and forth from the kitchen at the rear of the dining area .
beyond the beer garden was a village green , with a rugby field and children 's play area .
and of course , pete had that large attic area perfect for practice sessions .
the entire basement was one big room , with different areas sanctioned off by couches and other furniture .
it went into an area not far off the mound .
he stepped back to look at one area over the flower valley .
instead of giving in to sorrow , he went to the baby staging area .
niklas jumped from the chair and returned to the play area .
part two chapter fourteen beth paced the waiting area at the albuquerque sunport until the flight from chicago arrived .
joe pulled into the parking area at the farm .
after keeping him waiting longer than she had to , she went out to the reception area rather than invite him into her office .
regina set this area up as her sparse , undecorated living space .
with impressive dexterity , he made two cups from the surprisingly neat and well stocked coffee area at the end of the room , and since there was no desk where they were sitting , pulled over another chair to use as a coffee table , although both cups wobbled on it .
they wandered out of the small garden area that looked over the river onto the sunny , open walkway where the path gave way to a long shoreside promenade of trees , benches , outdoor sculptures and built - in chess tables .
apparently life is bigger and more complex than the spaces we set aside for it , she explained jovially , as she hastily tried to clear a path through the papers and books on the floor to the couch where a large pile of clean but still unfolded laundry took up half the seating area .
a computer , portable radio / cd player and phone on the bar between the kitchenette and living area .
the main dining area was banked with flowers and packed with the staff of mexicali blues , waynes entire family , my buddies from the mailroom at work and the gang from curlwinds .
at one end , where the elevator opens , is the family area .
several of the former hotel rooms have been dewalled and the area merged into a common space , off of which is the kitchen , the common lavatory and a series of rooms that extend off the long hallway .
proceeding down the hall you come to the first room , which is the master bedroom , a former deluxe suite that contains a sitting area , enclosed bedroom and bathroom en suite .
there are a dozen more rooms of various sizes , now serving as either storage space , work areas or guest rooms ( saras is one ) .
around the corner was a reception area , where valuables were checked .
he wandered aimlessly into the area they called the arena , well named , for this was indeed an amphitheater for gladiatorial combats , or maybe medieval swordplay .
he lacked the confidence , though , despite being dressed in the finest that his wardrobe could supply ; the reception areas of these places were too intimidating , altogether too plush an environment for the journalists who worked there .
here the light appeared to be reflected , as if only this area was varnished .
at the ground floor he strode briskly across the tiled reception area , looking neither to left nor right , wanting to avoid any further greetings or congratulations on reaching his retirement .
the many tiny rooms it had once held had first been knocked into one large area ; then , when an agoraphobic new man in the department had been too giddily affected by all that space , mock pillars and beams had been inserted to break up the area , bringing back all the claustrophobia of the original layout but none of the charm .
the many tiny rooms it had once held had first been knocked into one large area ; then , when an agoraphobic new man in the department had been too giddily affected by all that space , mock pillars and beams had been inserted to break up the area , bringing back all the claustrophobia of the original layout but none of the charm .
i made my way through the front room and through the pair of half sized swinging doors that mom had put up to formally divide the eating and living area . '
official rule 7.05 ( h ) ( paragraph 3 ) : if , however , the pitched or thrown ball goes through or by the catcher or through the fielder , and remains on the playing field , and is subsequently kicked or deflected into the dugout , stands or other area where the ball is dead , the awarding of bases shall be two bases from position of runners at the time of the pitch or throw .
vyazma and bryansk pockets near vyazma , the western and reserve fronts were quickly defeated by the highly mobile forces of the 4th panzer group that exploited weak areas in the defenses and then quickly moved behind the red army lines .
to the rear , bounded by the rhine , was the central area , home to the national redoubt and guisans headquarters .
just a drive for several hours : the civic area .
chapter e she waited downstairs in the reception area , just long enough to be sure that lan was asleep .
not waiting for an answer ; moving into the recreation area , up to the big wet ; pulling out two ; lately , zavs taken to thick , almost molasses - like meads marks , as always , just piss .
he sat on the cleared area and leaned forward , his eyes narrowing , as though trying to make out the picture on a television with poor reception .
beyond were the baggage claim and customs areas .
the attendant helped yaeko gather her luggage , then clear through customsa lengthy , invasive processbefore pointing her towards a large central area , which was surrounded by small kiosks , shops , restaurants , and magazine stands .
he stepped from the portal into the circular area that contained the pedestal and book , regarding conor curiously , his dark eyes wide and penetrating , his mouth almost smiling .
inside , the living room , kitchen , and dining area were one open space .
the one exception was the area right inside the doorway .
as i leaned against kasey in the surgery waiting area , time slowed to a trickle , but my thoughts raced along at a hundred miles an hour .
just a few more minutes , she said , leading me to one of the couches in the waiting area .
we ended up staying in the waiting area because we were superstitious about leaving together , and neither of us wanted to go to the cafeteria on our own .
the icu waiting area had a sick sort of familiarity .
i had nt seen anyone when i d come back to the hospital with kasey after dinner , but then i d stayed out in the waiting area .
our pit area was chaotic following that accomplishment , and race got so sidetracked he neglected to line up for the trophy dash when he should have .
that made it doubly shocking when jim slunk into our pit area .
with the troublemaker in hand , she marched off , heading for an alcove near the service area and trusting that no one would have the nerve to follow , much less attempt to overhear .
she liked this photograph better than the formal painted portrait that hung in the reception area of callicott properties ; it showed stewarts more human side , with the barest hint of a smile and a few crows - feet around his eyes .
he straightened and walked around the breakfast bar into the kitchen area .
one part of the room , dominated by the black lacquered desk behind which his mother sat , looked almost functional , but it was balanced by a conversation area where she did her real work , with upholstered chairs and a small settee placed just so around an oval table , creating an atmosphere of welcome and concern .
she rose from behind the desk and led the way to her staging area .
she walked through the emptiness until she reached the waiting area outside of simons office .
it was quarter past nine when he pushed open the glass door of clearview engineering , strolled through a poorly defined space that he assumed was supposed to function as a reception area , and positioned himself in front of the cluttered desk of simon levitts secretary .
lyssas work area was surrounded with hanging bunches of dried plants .
he picked up a sketch pad and a charcoal stick and took them out to the dining area , where he had the best light , a table , and a relatively comfortable chair .
the surfers families are closely tied in with the group and are a part of the surfing scene during the summer , with wives , husbands and children gathering in the same area near the steps .
the area around him erupted into a whirlwind of aggression as people of all species descended on the cat who could be glimpsed in the scrum .
we ascended the steps , leaving the guard to his duties and entered a large reception area full of large leather sofas and lit by an enormous chandelier .
as if in response to her worries , a door opened and a cat in a long white coat entered the reception area .
` ` this lounge is a smoking area . ''
maybe this bakery will work out after all , this guy thought , continuing to glance around the dining area for pretty much anything that might serve for markers on his map .
in fact by the end of the week i had them avoiding me altogether and could empty out the normally crowded common areas of my place of work just by passing in front of an open door .
mr . diaz pulled into imagineering 's receiving area .
still , my suggestion to her while i fixed our eggs that the prairie dog village be relocated to the flat gravel roof of the decrepit sprayberry mansion , which could double as a designated smoking area for those so inclined , was met by an arctic stare she normally reserved for the brain - dead opposition .
he closed the swinging door to the dining area , and leaned on the kitchen counter , pulling the phone book out of its drawer .
they walked to the general area and began rooting around , and after a few minutes charles found the ball .
there was an entourage worming its way through the work area , and halverton was astonished to see thomas edison among its members .
firestone was discussing with the cooks the evening meal and the most efficient arrangement of the galley with the dining area .
and here is the formica topped counter that leads to the eating area .
there was a small table for testing and an area with toys , puppets , dress - up clothes , and books for therapy .
off to the side was a pen area which could hold , will thought , probably 500 head of stock .
back to table of contents caving this has got to be the most crowded rest area ever .
no cars follow us , as if everyone except us is trapped in the rest area forever eternally parking , stretching their legs , getting fresh air , walking the dog , using the toilet without touching a thing .
it reads , rest area , and below that , free coffee .
that night i set up my tent on oak near 11th , on the loading area of the old bressie electric building , across from the catholic charities office and a block from st . francis parish .
the work site was in the area of the dais .
the door to the back area opened .
slash living area .
but before i could leave , ms . harper , carrying a green clipboard over her right hand as always , pushed into the midst of the students packing to leave the study area .
standing in the library study area , with the children not exactly itching to get to class , but keen to be moving , ms . harper set out on her power trip for the hour .
though i had nt made it to our sleeping area while the others were awake .
near the top of the rock face , 20 or 30 feet above and to the right of a flat working area where the trucks were being loaded , were several men with sledge hammers , steel pry bars and wooden poles made from the 4 or 5 diameter tree trunks , working on the rock face .
he thought since it seemed to come from the area of brigade headquarters .
right in front of the front door was a tile covered area almost 6 foot square with built in shoe racks on two sides .
dan acknowledged the ok with a nod and stepped out the way of the aft loading ramp but continued to stand where he could catch a small amount of the light breeze that was blowing across the hot asphalt parking area .
as well as a bed and sink tucked in one corner , there was a sitting area and a desk .
they did not check the dining area as the clatter of pans told the boys that the catering staff were still clearing up .
it was a mostly forgotten storage area , scenery and props from school plays , old broken desks and other miscellany .
because of the pitch of the roof , they even had their own sitting area formed by a lower bunk against one wall and a piano stool on the other .
apart from peter the boys in the dorm gathered in the sitting area .
by now there were about thirty boys crammed into the narrow side stall area of the barn used as the changing room .
he moved to the dangerous middle area , away from his brother .
the downstairs was a cluttered living area with a bedroom and kitchen beyond , but upstairs there was a studio with big windows letting in the light from all directions .
jonathan peeped into the main kitchen area .
dave came back into the living room area and looked his old friend in the eye , we have to get to work tomorrow .
she sat in the lounge chair that filled the area she 'd dubbed the living room .
the retirees continually glance at the television hung on the lime green wall at the end of the seating area , as if their future hangs with it .
apart from certain areas where we knew that , if we entered , we were under threat from enemy gangs , we were safe in the familiarity of being on our own turf .
the nursing home has plenty of color in its common areas but it lacks actual plant life , and i knew mags would like these .
the downstairs consisted of a longish living room and dining area and the kitchen .
when he got to the basement he walked past the area where there were ta and student offices and unlocked a heavy door at the end of the corridor .
second , few of us ever use that storage area ; it 's mostly for departmental out - of - date files .
it occurred to me that if i wanted to hide something , at least for a short time , i 'd put it down in the storage area , but i would n't put it in my own department 's section as that would be too obvious .
she bowled me over with it while she was telling me about charlie 's exploit with those books found in the storage area .
also , meeting in barrett 's office over the break makes more sense if he and mckay went together ; perhaps to put the books in the storage area or to get the two missing ones or , more likely , so both could meet with the buyer .
i thought sure you had them ; that barrett had had them to show while he kept the others in the storage area .
` ` i could go through the basement storage area again ; maybe barrett hid them on another shelf .
he 'd have to search the storage area .
to preempt her objections , he suggested that they both go and have a look in the storage area .
a few minutes later , charlie and amanda were in the storage area working out how to go about their search .
back in his office charlie decided not to push things with devries and settled for just leaving her a message that he and amanda rankin had searched the storage area with no luck .
a jockey size maitre d led us to a quiet table near the back corner of the almost empty dining area .
so did you figure that the killer dropped the body off on the way into the lovers lane area ?
finally , we drove ahead into the open make out area where , according to mia , so many kids had had their very first adventure into the wondrous world of sexual fun and games .
when we reached the hospital , cooper pulled around behind the emergency area to a relatively small but quite crowded parking lot .
the area was reserved entirely for cop cars and ambulances .
when we entered the emergency area , cooper directed me past the throng of sick and injured multi - coloured and varied ethnic humanity waiting , not so patiently in a few cases , for medical attention .
she turned away from me abruptly and walked off towards the emergency reception area .
on my way back to the rooming house , i detoured into the parking area at the hilton hotel to find a car with out of state license plates .
i drove away from the parking area to withdraw more money from my bank account and find a good map of the entire area with all the streets identified by name .
he had an unobstructed view of the entire dining area .
when i was reasonably certain that i was not being followed , i headed for the parking area .
just before we go to the interrogation area , kemp said , are you ready to tell me what was in the package paula langdon gave you yesterday ?
the shooting range that we went to was actually a huge gun shop at the front with a very large target shooting area hidden in behind it .
as we entered the massive gun emporium , various volumes of different calibre popping noises could be heard at irregular intervals from behind the sound proofed rear wall of the sales area .
when the elevator stopped , we stepped out into the underground parking area beneath the police building .
the cables came out of the pole and fed into the concrete , an area about a foot by a foot , had been cut out at some point in time , probably to feed the wires out under the building to an outside generator .
the entire west end of the building housed the restaurant with a dining area large enough to accommodate no more than eight parties at a time .
there was a control console , seating for a crew of six , and a cargo area .
i walked back inside through the garden doors and into the large dining area .
once at the airport , i pulled the car into the parking area stopping in a no parking zone and we leaped out .
everyone from our flight was hurrying to the baggage area when they came into contact with a group from another flight .
one bare , low - watt bulb lit the area to the stair .
i could watch the teary eyed reports as i raced from waiting area to waiting area .
i could watch the teary eyed reports as i raced from waiting area to waiting area .
they pushed through a series of doors , through to the staff area of the ground floor , and leading on to the various spaces public and private in which they worked ; and eventually on to where a young female constable , having supplied the requisite tea and biscuits , now led a lady of a visibly nervous disposition into a room usually reserved for interrogating suspected muggers and thieves .
it was parked , as was their right , in the crosshatched area at the front of the building reserved for ambulances and paramedics , and beneath the huge white signs , casualty pointing one way , outpatients the other .
a phone rang , and cori watched as both secretaries heads rose momentarily ; before gail got up to walk towards the far end of the office , and an area separated from the main space by a head - height partition .
the building itself , even from the foyer gave grey the creeps , the area around the front desk smaller than you d imagine , and leading off along narrow corridors with dark carpets and off - white walls .
she expected an estate agent might have classed it a boutique store , and with this status owing more to scale than exclusivity , it comprising little more than a window - shelf display and counter with a walkway between , a record - racked area at one end , and a small seated area at the other .
she expected an estate agent might have classed it a boutique store , and with this status owing more to scale than exclusivity , it comprising little more than a window - shelf display and counter with a walkway between , a record - racked area at one end , and a small seated area at the other .
grey felt a lurching sensation in his stomach as gingerly he entered the room ; a similar feeling perhaps to that experienced by a fan upon being beckoned into the backstage area of a musician or celebrity ?
there ll be a lot of that , too , said grey to isobel , he hoped kindly , as they moved down the short stretch of road , just catching the corner of the town square before swerving into the police staff parking area ; and as it turned out , another crowd scene , hardly less ordered that that they had just passed through .
but the inspector already knew who gail was leading them to ; and guessing this , the lady held the inspector back a moment as they approached the partitioned area at the end of the floor , is he who you and isobel have come to see ?
floeck fell in beside me as we headed to the baggage area .
i had to use my pass card on an outer and then an inner door before gaining access to the lobby area where i had to pass the open door of the residence hall advisor .
she led me through a connecting door into the trainer 's room -- a large area with a padded table , a whirlpool bath and supply cabinets .
beth 's top shelf had a fine layer of dust in which i could make out a rectangular area that had not quite as much dust as the surrounding sections .
from the shower area , came the soft whir of an exhaust fan and the steady splash of a leaky shower .
the two officers inside just motioned which area to keep away from and myrtle headed off to bed .
from two hundred yards below in the area of the crime scene moffat heard excited shouts .
he stood trembling and gasping on bare soil in the planter area , partially hidden by a tall cypress , still holding the gun .
this was the call that moffat took in the reception area of gillis executive realty .
later , moffat heard tashara shout oops ! , then wave for de la pea to come to her work area .
less than a half hour later four county employees -- police captain alexander moffat , director of nursing joyce bithell , senior administrative assistant evelyn grubb and staff psychiatrist dr . neil zielinski -- sat in the lounge area of bithells office .
just there , aaron stopped and opened a closet door with the key revealing an area about two feet deep and four feet wide .
duncan dumped the twelve they had collected this morning into the box , then held the glass entry door for fat as he walked into the empty reception area with the samples .
she pushed through an inner door , walked past a glass - walled room resembling a small college chemistry lab then another room that was , in fact , a kitchen before entering an open office area .
as they proceeded through the far side of the office area , tashara grabbed mcleans arm and pointed to the window .
mclean ran down the hall , pushed through the door to the production area and made it to the open loading dock in time to see a nissan identical to the one that had been behind her on the way to work .
* * * twenty minutes later , in the leftmost area of his view from the motel room , lang saw a man walking onto the dirt and gravel area behind the bungalow next to mcleans .
mclean had left the closet as open as she could , exposing half the area , sparsely filled with clothing on hangers .
de la pea drove up the road , passing the open gate and came to a stop in the open area between the house and the garage .
with his hands and knees on the rafters he maneuvered smoothly toward the area above the bedroom , the plastic handle of a large flashlight gripped between his teeth .
on arriving at the premises of wellington pharmaceuticals , hardwick and flint made their way into the main reception area .
oh , wait , i m crossing over into fred and orioles area .
betty cline met her in the reception area and escorted her to the conference room .
he pulled an old tarp out of the cargo area , laid it on the ground under the car and crawled underneath .
it was a lounging area of ewsons enormous office , built for quiet conversations .
when he got it from the city , it had been used for several years to store the christmas decoration for the downtown shopping areas .
except for support pillars , the concrete floor area was open , with no dividing walls .
the layout of the main floor was almost the same , with the exception of an enclosed area about 12 feet wide to the right of the stair landing .
this area , which had once served as the warehouse office , was now a bedroom and adjoining bathroom .
it was mostly dark inside with a few neon sculptures placed strategically to light the path ways from one area to another .
crossing the lobby berry passed the chancelleries desk and entered the hallway leading down to the pool area .
as he entered the pool area berry glanced around .
it was designed to give the patrons an exercise room , a place to relax , and a swimming pool all in one area .
the remaining area along that wall was filled with two hot tubs .
berry was ignoring all the callings of time now , even the big round clock hanging above the office area could not get his attention .
the area extended back at least a hundred fifty to two hundred feet .
as soon as he entered the main operations area , berry made note of the recognized technology the task force had employed .
the far end of the area housed a raised platform extending out from the wall about 25 feet .
the raised area was enclosed with glass walls extending to the ceiling in front and it contained various items of electronic surveillance and recording equipment that appeared to be controlled from a central panel .
berry noticed there were several rolling chars situated around the floor in glassed in area , but currently only one of them was occupied , and its user seemed to be focused on the control panel until he turned to see dave and berry crossing the room .
this time the plan was to meet in a small parking area on the parkway drive .
alistair and harry went back to the airport security area to recover the briefcase .
renton asked adams to escort jackson to the parade area and his legal man to the viewing screen .
he was called back to the waiting area by a uniformed sergeant .
they had not wanted the march to pass through a narrow alley between two shopping areas as it was a long stretch and effectively precluded mounted units .
* the area outside the incident room was besieged with news people from national and local organisations .
building , but stephanie pushed her way to the reception area and flashed her badge .
they managed to convince the crew to find them a private area and renton asked the dutch officer to take a well - deserved coffee break .
i walked on to the computer area , which was my specialty .
i went on back to the area where esther hung out .
i leaned against a low stone wall that bordered the open area near the red carpet and took a generous bite of bun , beef , tomato and pickle .
the client telephone area was right beside the entrance so i located an unused phone and called the number .
one large room made up the kitchen , dining and living area .
the sitting area was recessed , three steps down from the rest of the structure .
ray realized that put the floor of that area of the room right at or below the water level , depending on the tide .
as i ve told you , kira , part of feeding is learning how to control it long enough for you to either excuse yourself or find a private area to feed .
i entered the building undetected and went straight to the pool area .
i hissed and stepped into an area filled with lots and lots of humans , mostly children of all ages .
they nodded as i turned , making my way out of the pool area and back outside .
i held my breath as i led her to a dark area , with jane in my arms .
i tramped through the dusty galley kitchen , dining area , two bedrooms , living room , and small bath .
i followed her through the house to a utility area .
richard waited in the reception area while i met with the former walker construction v.p .
i shuffled out the door to the reception area .
the churchs large parking area was full on christianitys number one holy day , so we left the car on the street .
no unauthorized people are allowed in this area of the hotel .
i wandered over to the reception area and sat down with our coffee .
it was across from the sitting area .
it then opened out to the main lounge and dining area , which filled the whole width of the flat at the front and was dominated by one huge window currently glowing faint red through the curtains with the daylight outside .
grey instantly understood what rachel sowton had meant about the change of light from the corridor , as it was a full two seconds after entering the gloom of the flat before he saw that at the centre of the lounge area before them was a womans body , lying face down and with her head over her left arm .
he himself began mooching around the lounge , cori directed to do likewise in the dining area .
she asked , nodding to the lounge area .
moving back to the lounge area itself , with the three - piece - suite and twenty - year - old television , he thought this area at least seemed a little more built for comfort .
moving back to the lounge area itself , with the three - piece - suite and twenty - year - old television , he thought this area at least seemed a little more built for comfort .
going back to the dining area , he first tried them in the lock of the glass doors to look again more clearly at the collection of silver trinkets , for a piece had earlier caught his eye through the fingerprint smudges .
a frequent visitor , sarah had no need now to introduce herself or explain her business , as the lady she knew by now to be the senior librarian took her through a pass - carded door from the public areas and down to where the town archive and the records of next - doors registry office were kept for those who asked and were authorised to see it .
cori , since arriving at the library had moved to another area in the basement , one she and colleagues had less call to visit in their police researches .
at he watched from his office eyrie overlooking the civic gardens , he saw sarah emerge from her expected corner of the square to walk diagonally across the green toward the police station ; as from the opposite side another figure approached in a direction that made it seem likely he would enter the station reception area just ahead of her .
the most comfortable room found for patrick mars by the desk sergeant was in fact the interview room with the mirrored one - way glass wall , which by the time the inspector had freshened up and arrived at the viewing area the other side of that wall , found its occupants already comprised the superintendent as well as what must have been most of the staff not at that moment unavoidably employed around the station .
grey looked back into the lounge area to see that the identical tumbler emptied with force over his sleeping form had been left on the coffee table in front of where he d been lying .
at the centre of the area was the shops , as the locals could only bring themselves to call it : a large square building , the bottom layer of which were storefronts , and above these two further floors windowless from the front and which displayed instead murals of the sort designed by left - leaning community visionaries in the seventies and eighties here a diverse mix of smiling faces ; beside it a huge tree acting as metaphor for simultaneously the roots of history and the branches of society .
facing the buildings front was an area of paving , benches and knee - high concrete bowls containing seasonally - replenished flowerbeds .
the day was sunny and this lent the areas brickwork a joyous redness , the slabs a dusty , careworn feel .
accompanied by gasps from the crowd , like a public concert where the singer had just fallen from the stage , above the area of wall bearing the community tree mural appeared the bobbing heads of a man grey saw to be mars and of a shopkeeper many of the crowd would have known .
you learnt a lot today , he said in the infirmary waiting area , he proud of her achievements .
everyone laughed and began moving on to other areas of the club .
i walked into the waiting area and was shocked to see mick .
everyone else is already dressed and waiting in the staging area .
there was a small doorway leading to a slightly lower area .
i could see a much more brightly lit area behind the door and some activity indicating that the actual baking was taking place there .
chapter 3 black marble floors took me across an oval foyer down a cool dark hallway past a rambling collection of mismatched rooms each furnished with disconnected ruins , and into a spacious modern living area .
some time later , we came to a terminus that doubled as a small dimly lit reception area paneled in black walnut .
davis gave her a red - faced glance before explaining that each renter had a particular area for storage : some secured , others shared .
` ` could i see that storage area ?
as davis strode proudly ahead of me , i noted that each storage area was further secured by a solid steel door blessed by a heavy tumbler lock .
how can i get to my storage area if you 're out ill , for example ? ''
the elevator and moira 's pass card got me to her storage area .
the reception area 's thick gray carpet was dotted with wrinkled leather chairs that looked like hovering black prunes .
his offices consisted of two rooms : a nearly barren reception area sans receptionist , and his private office .
the small stage had become a storage area for broken chairs and crumbling tables rather than the focal point for entertainment .
the former 's windows were boarded up and what had been lawn in front of it was now a display area for waist - high thistles and knee - high fire ant mounds .
as lightning crackled white above me , i crept along the entrance road , keeping as low as possible in the darkness until i found a position that gave me a fair view of the entrance and a clear shot at the surrounding area .
i saw no religious artifacts or artwork on display as i wandered through the main floor past the living area and into the kitchen and dining area .
i saw no religious artifacts or artwork on display as i wandered through the main floor past the living area and into the kitchen and dining area .
the dorms there are made up of pods , a common living area and bathroom connected to ten small , individual bedrooms .
we were sitting in the common area watching a football game on the television when i realized if we dropped the vin and the zo our dear friend became chen chen .
i walk around the area , searching for something , anything .
neither of us spoke for a moment , an awkward silence filling the curtain - enclosed area we found ourselves in .
i entered into the secure area between two set of doors .
a large aquarium sat between the lobby and a sitting area filled with colourful salt water fish .
the day was hot.the parking lot was radiating heat and a mini - mirage was at the end of the parking area .
the walk - in area was small and sparse but clean .
our town did nt have bars in front of the reception area .
both the reception area and mr . harmons office were what i would have expected to see , tasteful and expensive but not ostentatious .
it took awhile to find my way back to an area zoned for lodging .
the main living area of the house was on the lower floor , and i was led into the closest room on the left of the entryway , the dining room .
the area had gone through renovations within the last ten years .
when she had not reappeared , he waited for michael to leave the area before checking to see what was so interesting on the kitchen floor .
he walked over to the dressing area where carl was rinsing off the shaving cream .
lincoln unbuttoned his suit coat and , from his seat in the visitors area , watched as detectives filled out reports at their desks , and others went from phone call to phone call .
the eating area and bar were separated by a plaque - filled wall .
the waiting area was small but lavishly decorated with burgundy velvet upholstered chairs and solid oak flooring which was carried through to the stage .
there was a bucket of champagne chilling and soft music was playing in the dimly lit dinning area .
it gave carson and chuck the authority to search the warehouse and surrounding area and siege any and all evidence they should find .
slamm sidestepped him , and the man ran out through the open doorway into the bar area where he stood for a moment looking kind of silly .
when ace walked out into the bar area , everyone took notice and made way , even those who were having difficulty standing .
slamm drove his ford around the block , parking it on a deserted and neglected street that once provided front access into the industrial area now abandoned .
slamm returned to the bar area .
in sharp relief , a yellow crime - scene tape meandered around an area that enclosed a black lincoln resting at a forty - five degree angle off the curb .
a bar was set up on a wraparound deck area , the bartender mixing drinks as fast as he could .
jim simpson waited near the electrical room for the signal to cut the power to the selected areas .
their particular office was quite small ; the reception area , just a couple of square feet , the common office a nice size , twenty by twenty , two restrooms and the private office .
they dominated the little seating area in the back with the sofa and arm chairs , in hopes of privacy and comfort .
straight back from where the two branches of the stairs met was a large deep room , or sitting area .
the sitting area was flanked with more doors .
she walked slowly into the sitting area , taking note of anything out of the ordinary .
off to one side of the hotel a lushly foliated grape arbor shielded an inviting pool area .
he ushered her through the lobby , exquisitely furnished with antiques from the spanish era , and showed her to the discreetly understated reception area .
seated by the window , georgina watched two men , their loose work shirts rippling in the wind , as they took the market - style umbrellas from the patio area and stored them on the side of the hotel .
they reached the food serving area .
two forensics technicians were setting up mobile lighting ; parts of the barns interior were already brightly lit , while other areas remained in semi - darkness .
minutes later the group emerged on the side of the racetrack across from the grandstand , into an area of temporary horse stalls that was bustling with evacuated horses and their rescuers .
the conference room next to the triage area was full beyond capacity .
officer garcia led them to the temporary stable area where they met up with wahl and the barn staff .
georgina searched the shelter 's eating area until she caught sight of nate and gordon seated at a smaller table nearby .
the preoccupation with the front entrance , the bar area , and the dance floor caused him to overlook one key section .
chapter six the vip area sat along the south wall of the bar sectioned off with velvet ropes .
mike snapped his head toward the area staring at the now obstructed section of the bar but could not see inside the area .
mike snapped his head toward the area staring at the now obstructed section of the bar but could not see inside the area .
he needed to see who sat in the area but from his vantage point , it was impossible .
chapter eight mikes chest pounded as he charged full speed toward the area where garcia was seated .
mike could not see into the vip area clearly but maintained his tenacity .
the dimly lit area grew even darker as the stage lighting changed to set the mood .
kelly moved away from the glass then into the living area hallway .
mike took the shortest route through his mothers building which happened to have been the pool area .
halogen lights shined down in the living area revealing the polished surfaces of the solid cherry wood .
soft halogen lights glowed from overhead and another flat screen hung on an adjacent wall above a small desk area .
before anyone noticed , the person sat in the vip area .
as soon as the waitress spotted him in her area , she made her way over to him .
as he made his way to the vip area , flashbacks of the night when garcia visited him shot into his head .
when he past by various areas of the club , a person would appear and trail behind him .
the vacant unlit retail area stayed just dark enough for her to remain hidden away from potential witnesses .
more shots landed through out the area where he was posted forcing the sniper to dive behind the balconys short wall .
the quiet area lined with sections of yet to be leased spaces that remained dark and vacant .
he made his way to the same area that he was before .
mike continued toward the crowded area .
the roof extended up to a certain point , making the place a little fresher ; there was a rustic table at the center of the protected and aired area .
two years later ( conclusion ) i was seating at the service area at my fathers house .
well , i will allow my mind to travel on ideas about how to write my story , and i will be here sitting on the service area , resting my eyes on a good mythology book , contemplating a wonderful yellow and golden sunset t h e e n d trace the dead eye smashwords edition steven d. bennett trace is out to find a murderer , not an unusual task for a private eye .
it was basically one big room which the different types of flooring separated into the different living areas .
as we passed the sandy play area and comical ladybug merry - go - round and matching ant slide , his features came into focus .
once ella and her client fought their way to the kitchen area , they heard confused murmurings among the throngs of lookers .
there s giselle frackle , he said , nodding toward drop off area at the base of the red carpet .
the evening sky poured into the condo , the whole bay area an illuminated carpet at their feet , the glittering transamerica pyramid rising nearby like an urban pharaohs tomb .
just the occasional high fashion person entered or exited the area through invisible slits in the hanging walls , and loud chill music echoed through the vast , empty space .
i 'd be interested to know a little about the people who were seated in the area where the fire started .
i 'll run some computer models to see , but that area looks like it would not be a pathway to or from any other place in the restaurant .
the living and dining areas were basically just messy .
back home , she quickly offloaded the tools and placed a clean sheet over the floor of the hatchbacks cargo area .
beyond the living area a short hallway led to two bedrooms and a bathroom .
there were back seats but they folded down to create a large cargo area .
large glass sliders led from the living area out onto a wooden deck that spanned the back of the house , offering an expansive view of the landscape and the mountains beyond .
a narrow hallway led from the living area to two spacious bedrooms , complete with walk - in closets and en suite baths .
it had a coffee shop atmosphere with a large patio area out front and muted lighting inside .
both areas were peppered with marble - topped caf tables and bentwood chairs .
the day before corey had spent the afternoon photographing all of the artwork in what they called the staging area of the warehouse .
left to my own devices , i escaped to the staging area , where i could examine the newly acquired pieces of art more closely .
simone stalked out of the staging area in a huff .
i did nt have this painting brought out of the staging area until just before the showing .
can you show me the staging area ?
his movements were confident as he paced the area , looking up into the rafters and deep into the darkest corners of the room .
he said as he opened my cell and led me down several hallways to the interrogation rooms , an area i was becoming highly familiar with .
a few plates and glasses were also scattered about the area and he began cleaning them up .
he caught the shot flush and flew the green by five yards and rolled down into a collection area ; a testimony to the theory that you hit the ball farther with a smooth swing and good timing .
a waste area directly behind the green leaves only a small target for someone trying to reach the green in two .
bunkers on both sides , and an environmental area in back , protect the small , 1500 green .
we walked directly into the gaming area .
the green sloped down to collection areas on either side .
the fairway was 70 yards wide in the landing area , but narrowed to only 30 yards at the 250 - yard marker where several bunkers cut into the right side of the fairway .
soon , everyone was in the reception area offering condolences and help .
each truck had a concealed storage area that was quickly filled with the cargo from the seaplane .
both women had dressed in separate areas of the locker room and barely acknowledged each other as they waited .
lisa heard noises and a loud shriek that seemed to come from the swimming pool area .
improve media staging area and security tasks were spread out over a two and a half year period , with considerable overlap .
two practice courts were eliminated to make room for a modern press area and space for camera crews and equipment .
as i m sure you all know , most of the dome structure has been delivered to our staging area in bois de boulogne park .
improve media staging area and security - simpson okay , lets talk about task two .
ambre and lisa dressed in separate areas of the locker room and barely acknowledged each other as they waited in the tunnel .
day 14 the mens finals pete and carlos dressed in separate areas of the locker room .
ah , good , the desk area was just right .
as she passed a small round - topped table on the other side of the karaoke area , a woman reached out and grabbed her free arm .
we changed in a locker room reminiscent of my suites bathroom , then entered a waiting area where we sipped cucumber water in front of a burbling stone fountain .
i went to meet him in the reception area .
the monochrome room had wooden benches for the spectators , a paneled jury box , and a large area for wooden benches .
emily and i had to breach the main party areas to make it to our own offices .
i scanned the restaurant and the parking area .
the baggage claim area occupied the far right - hand side of the structure .
the open - air eating area faced a courtyard where anyone could stop for some chat or a dance .
saw these two dudes smoking a joint in the picnic area .
why , they re probably in the waiting area .
satisfied shed just poked the first hole in willows story , kate went to get the girls parents from the waiting area .
at the back of the central area was a group of people .
in front of the stage was an uncovered , open area where people could sit , stand , dance , and listen to the music .
i saw frank emerge from the crowd that was in the designated smoking area .
the living room / dining room area was for normal cats who all got along with one another .
there was a small sitting area at the door with overstuffed armchairs and a sofa , behind that was a short bar , room maybe for six or seven drinkers , behind that a few tables and the entrance to the kitchen .
# i pulled open the door to the m. w. stefenson building and walked past the bookcase into the small open area where rufus and i had met hazel murphy .
they 're not allowed in certain areas , like the document preservation rooms .
as soon as i crossed the threshold i knew we had left the public galleries and were in the depths of the museums storage areas .
lets go down to the stage area .
in a large office area , at the dea building in seattle , there were people moving about while others were talking on phones .
vinnie and i were milling around the waiting area , biding our time until our number was called .
all you did was put an overabundance of crazy people in the same waiting area together .
black uniforms were doing the cop thing while one police officer was mingling amidst the dozen or so visitors in the waiting area with us .
suddenly , the inside voices were broadcast over the speaker system in the waiting area .
it was a duplicate scenario of the reception area up frontthankfully , with no one manning the station .
while claudia cleansed the area with iodine , murphy strode in and sat down on my bed ... as far away from the action as possible .
painted in a soothing shade of khaki , as soon as you descended , you entered a fully - stocked sub - zero kitchen with dark cabinets , marble countertops , and a bar area that could seat twelve .
the pool area looked like a tidal wave had a play date with a funnel cloud .
he sort of forced her out of the side room and toward the main exhibit area - a large box with wood floors and a vaulted ceiling .
belinda dressed and met the two guys in the main deck living area .
conner and the young assistants gathered up the scattered dive equipment and placed the tanks in their holding area .
he wandered across to the waiting area and picked up a copy of the previous nights chronicle the regional evening paper .
an expensively furnished reception area with an expensively dressed receptionist faced them .
an hours fast drive north brought them to a service area at the intersection of two motorways .
they loitered around the immediate area glancing through windows as they passed to and fro .
the door from the street led past the kitchens and into the caf area , which they could see quite clearly through the large windows on three of the walls .
further up on that side he could see a service area and decided to head for it .
he followed the minor road over the motorway and round toward the service area cutting off across the fields to take the direct route and avoid any passing vehicles .
he emerged from the bushes behind the parking area .
avoiding any windows from the public part of the building he took the long way around the back and past the picnic area in order to approach the car from the far side .
dales shock at meeting him in the service area had been so great his hands had shaken for half an hour after .
it can seat over one - hundred spectators in wooden pews , has its own locked evidence room , and includes an adjoining area for jury deliberation .
in a few minutes , you re going to be alone in that room , pointing at the door to the jury deliberation area , with a very important decision to make .
i raced into the guest bedroom and found the room destroyed as much as the living area had been , with the exception that this destruction was far more costly .
a large eight - armed crystal chandelier hung over the main conversation area in front of the white - columned and gray marble fireplace .
i felt a strange power now , standing in the restaurant waiting area with my friends .
the only light in the area was the illumination from the van for the door being open .
this was what the reception area of dalton reeds offices looked like .
he did not handle any of these , but left the room and turned to the right through a doorless entry into a twelve by twenty foot space divided into dining and living room areas by their furniture groupings .
and two large , circular , braided rugs covered the centers of the floor areas .
the kitchen , behind the dining area , looked to have been renovated in the sixties , with its plastic - laminated counters , birch - veneered cabinets , and stainless steel sink .
the town 's business district was a scant two blocks wide , merging into municipal buildings and then residential areas .
before leaving the area of her desk , mary had heard them talking to a revenue agent for the irs and someone in the office of the inspector general of the social security administration .
she stood apart from others in the constricted space of the reception area .
joey watched him turn around in the cannery parking area and drive past again , before glancing back at the closed dumpster and then returning the way he had come .
joe preempted him by stepping in and around him to head for the lighted area of the kitchen .
instead , he shucked his pajamas and stepped into the tiled shower area to bathe himself sober .
two yellow power cords snaked from a slightly opened window next to the porch area .
tina and jim and his gear crowded into the small reception area where letty received them politely but coolly .
on his way to the basement exit to the parking area , he passed the property room where clarkson 's back could be seen before an open gun locker .
so i walked to the bathroom , cleaned the area , then sat on a couch and waited .
they took pictures of the entire crime area and her body .
in a better world , thought amaryllis , jogging along the main path with the air of someone who did this every evening in all weathers , there would be more parks , and walks , and dedicated play areas where kids were safe .
fortunately the smoking area was deserted today .
but the only person he recognised around the shopping area was maisie sue , whom he managed to sneak past as she studied the menu outside pitkirtlys only restaurant , which in a major advance for multi - culturalism , offered both chinese and indian cuisine .
vehicles now clogged the once spacious area around the barn .
i listened to his rummaging as he moved from one area to another , checking areas of the storage room i had n't .
we watched the torrents pour in between the seams that separated the bar from the dining area .
chapter fifteen the sitting room was the best area for fanny 's particular talents , and after quickly setting up with all manner of incense , exotic oriental draperies and the standard plethora of candles to give the room a well lit but eerie glow , madame spectro was ready to greet her otherworldly friends .
the chairs in the waiting area were hard and plastic , but remarkably clean .
gabriel was hanging out in a lounge area just off the cafeteria .
likely only a few actually needed to be near the area where she was seated .
he led her into the dining area to a table near the window that faced st . charles .
oliver did nt seem entirely comfortable as we made our way towards the holborn area .
later we went into the regatta restaurant and had something to eat , and as it began to get dark the music started and people were suddenly dancing all up and down the area called the fairway .
she and leon watched as he ran as fast as he could to the area where the baby calf was being kept can i feeds him ?
leon held a smile on his face after that as he chased daman while he was leaving the feeding area .
he and his wife deanna lived next door to the garden plot in a converted machine shop and had made their space an oasis in a dilapidated area .
she clipped her way up to the area where the two men sat , keeping her back to them ; as i had anticipated , they paid no attention .
but if you would step over there to the smoking area with me , ill tell you how shannon and i met .
he motioned to the area i had seen and heard him smoking and talking with the other guy .
i spent the next day working with jorge martinez and crew , placing large landscaping boulders in the gardens and finishing a gambion wall i had designed to curve around the side of the property to embrace a sitting area installed beneath two austrian pines .
waiting until he was at the far end of the area , poking at boxes with his gun , i slipped the phone out of my pocket and peeped at it .
we lost positioning once you got in one of these no - reception areas here , but from our research on binder facilities , we knew there were a couple of old warehouses out here , not used for decades .
sally said , walking through the doorway into the dining area .
the guard shrugged his shoulders and disappeared back into the holding area .
right after she searched the area below where shed first seen the men .
the big empty space by the door became a reception area , with a second hand couch , some shelves , a chair , and a small table for her to use as a desk .
i shelved the book in my hand and wandered down a few aisles till i came to a big desk guarding a heavy wooden door with a neatly lettered sign on it that read , ` ` restricted area . ''
under his watchful eye i stepped away from it and moved on to the cell area , where the police had routed the cultists before i had a chance to fight .
he cruised smoothly at forty - five miles an hour and actually had his turn signal indicator on and was braking to turn left into the public refuse disposal area when he realized he was making a fundamental mistake .
laughter rippled through the room ; heavier from the bar area where darren poured glasses of donated cabernet , chardonnay , and zinfandel .
we have chick flick marathons in our common area down the hall .
the reception area was stunning .
leather chairs lined the waiting area with three large flat screens on the wall .
there was a large area for reception .
there were floor to ceiling glass doors to the right and left of the receptionist 's area .
` ` that area back there is just reception .
just down the hall there was an open area .
at the end of the hallway there was another reception area .
it was spotless just like the main receptionist area .
sebastian drove into the long term parking area at mco and we hopped aboard a shuttle with all our luggage .
we found a sitting area and finally spilled out all the thoughts we had locked up since arriving home to our surprise .
there was an area to the right of us where a kitchen table would go .
a large number of empty tables circled the area in which dearman sat , isolated and drunk .
the middle part served as the common living areas , such as the kitchen , living room , dining room , and such .
the portrait itself was hung in a prominent area , surrounded by red velvet panels and was framed with gilt - edged wood .
she was very easy to get along with , and even share the flat with , as her room was at the back of the house , a little away from us at the front and large enough to have part of it as a seating area , which meant she also had some privacy .
the music was far too loud , even for me in my early twenties , and when we got our drinks , we stood away from the bar area in a corner where there was a spare shelf .
it was a communal area and used by all residents but he drove to the far end where there was a locked mesh door .
the third man then approached from the other side of the office area .
there were a number of male and female uniformed guards in the area and he noticed the security cameras on the walls .
the area was about three metres square and , at one end , there was a large metal door .
hey al , check out this rack , a voice yelled from the construction area .
i thanked dr . grace in the reception area that was now empty and left the hospital .
aaron and i went into the waiting room , a standard automotive repair shop waiting area with dirty cracked linoleum , orange plastic chairs , and multiple vending machines .
she yelled orders every few seconds and shuttled plates back and forth from the stove to the prep area .
serena led me to a viewing area with one - way glass .
she came into the viewing area and watched sendack with me .
johns eyes then slowly scanned around the general area where he was and , seeing he was again unobserved , john quickly stood and casually picked up the jacket as he walked out of the caf .
a large rough wooden table with chairs was close to the fireplace , making up a breakfast area .
he loved the theatre , and the main theatre areas and covent garden were a short stroll away , past old book , stamp and curio shops , and one in particular he 'd discovered specializing in old theatre posters .
there was also the maze of object attachments to fight through : not just eyran 's loss of his parents , but attachments and memories with the house in san diego , their previous house in england and old play areas - which perhaps due to their closeness to his uncle 's house were resurging strongly .
when he went into the waiting area with eyran , stuart and amanda capel were already there .
while lambourne escorted eyran out and she heard him talking with the capels in the waiting area , she scrolled back on the computer screen .
we moved down the hall from our room to the little study area in the corner between melanie vondreaus corner room and tishy mccalls large single .
we had to open the door to the little balcony that adjoins the study area to cool things off , with so many people packed in and warming the hallway up .
it had a good view of gloucester avenue , the adjoining road , shops and parking areas .
they joined the agent in what had once been the reception area .
she smiled briefly before turning sharply to walk across the gravel - strewn parking area .
a sign to the front indicating the parking area was available only to residents and clients of the two immediate buildings including patrons of the pembroke castle .
it did its best but failed and twenty - seven minutes later , the two men were walking through the marble reception area of mi6 .
he pulled out his cigarettes he d looked round for an ashtray and then remembered he was in a smoke - free area .
they stood side by side in the opulent reception area waiting to show their i d .
hell be surprised to see us , he remarked as they walked across the parking area towards the large modern building that housed the offices of the property association .
love grinned in reply , took one last drag of his cigarette and discarded it in the bin filled with sand just inside the stuffy and overheated reception area .
they were outside the commanders office in the reception area when stuart spoke .
decorated in blues and chrome it was the antithesis of his warm and colourful reception area .
he and stuart let themselves out of mr sullivans office and strolled into the reception area .
love thought back to the geographical views hanging on the walls of the reception area and in sullivans office .
exact same office layout as here apart from the reception area .
i went into the back just as the nine oclock news came on and heinrich was busy in the kitchenette area making chamomile tea .
its unlocked and parked in the underground in dsbds parking area .
it had recently been modernised and extended resulting in a large , stylish kitchen area full of wooden cupboards , granite workbenches , and a butlers sink .
chapter twenty - six forty - nine minutes later , the two detectives were walking into the reception area of mi6 .
leading directly off the kitchen area was a large reception room decorated in cream and browns , antiques that had been passed down from stuarts family , the odd piece from cargo such as a yellow throw on the back of the subtly patterned cream and brown linen couch along with a variety of cushions in all sizes and fabrics including smaller items stuart and emma had bought together over the years .
on the floor below in the small hallway next to the staircase was a cloakroom and shower and on the other side , a large living area .
its decorative fireplace was its main feature along with a charming and pretty enclosed patio area .
a reception station took up one side of the area and fabric - covered chairs placed in the shape of a horseshoe took up the remaining space .
a moment later , the three gentlemen were entering mr sullivans reception area .
it was the only visible point apart from the balcony area which was out of the question for obvious reasons .
by the time stuart returned downstairs , love had wandered into the lounge or reception area as it was sometimes known by , and was sitting on the edge of the large cream and brown linen - covered couch .
whilst stuart waited in the car , huddled over the heater , love pointed out the general areas in which they should first conduct their search , had a quick word with the officer in charge , wished them luck and sprinted back to his partner .
he slipped inside keeping his back against the wall as he edged towards the archway into the living area .
constance glanced around the clean but small lobby area .
there were tapes across the towpath , blocking off the work area , but that had n't prevented several onlookers from gathering and two more boats had joined the lucky lady .
a brief search of the same sort of area turned up two unopened tubs of yogurt .
ds turner had been thinking that mid - morning in a respectable sort of area with a security door and an advanced warning that she was coming , ellen seemed unduly cautious .
first i want you to go to hunter 's house and go through his work area for anything personal .
the two police cars swerved into the parking area in front of the walk - up flats , blue lights flashing , and screeched to a halt .
anyway they ve found a few cigarette ends and discarded chewing gum , but its a well used area and they could be from almost anyone .
the pavilion had originally been built as changing rooms , and consisted of two areas for home and away teams separated by a wall with a central large fireplace .
their car was in the nearby long term parking area and robert was intending to do the driving back up to the north east .
laura had hoped that by renovating the pavilion and creating a new garden area she could erase some of the painful memories .
the office , the reception area and the pilots lounge , all of which he could see from the doorway , were deserted .
i was on my way to the can when i saw the three of them walking across the tarmac toward the tie - down area .
mesa took a deep breath and entered the small reception area .
the office felt so crowded that irita had them all adjourn to the reception area , where she locked the front door so they could avoid any interruptions from their adoring public .
through the window of the reception area , he could see into the parking lot .
boone and delilah walked into the living area of boones home and saw no other changes .
as lunchtime neared , they moved the blanket to an area where most of the single female workers congregated to eat .
delilah reached her hand towards katia so she could lead her to the sitting area of the suite .
boone had been in the common area of the suite trying to hack into miners server .
after katia was back in her own clothes , make - up removed and hair braided , delilah and katia joined boone back in the sitting area of the suite .
boone looked around the main area of the barn from where they stood .
passing the hotel , they entered a retail area .
like a referee at a first class football match , he had seen enough dives in the penalty area to be careful when awarding penalties .
we keep this area for coffee in the morning , snacks for guests , and even wine storage .
ronni glanced at her and then stepped into the kitchen area .
a short breakfast bar separated the living area from the small but efficient kitchen .
larger , flatter stones were used to form primitive furniture - shelving , a bedding area , a pit for the fire and so on .
i learned that there would be a circular building providing living accommodation for those who tended the temple itself , which would be an open circular centre to the residential area .
i passed into the living area behind the forge .
kaitlyn tried to sit with some of the more popular girls but they shooed her out of their area like an ant at a picnic .
i 'll use the waiting area . ''
josef sat with the two boys in the waiting area .
she looked at him incredulously then sighed and walked over to where the boys were sitting in the waiting area .
there s a door to the trash dump area .
my mind promptly told me i could nt face him , partly because i was sitting calmly in my dining area while he was panicking over me .
bev looked out at the pool area , which was fairly crowded .
emily was ready first and said she wanted to go check out the teen area .
casey had been waiting in the cell phone waiting area , and bev had called him when she got her bag .
he navigated through the chaos of the arrivals and departures drop - off area .
it had a small but comfortable sitting area with a couple of love seats , nice lamps and a desk .
he was waiting in a nearby parking area .
but we also need a sofa , two end tables , a couple of chairsoh , i bet my hepplewhite dining set would fit here perfectly , she said , turning to the dining room area .
red wing - backed chairs scattered around gave the large area a homey feel .
when you get through , come down and help yourselves to the snacks in the dining area .
jack yelled that she should not pour water on the affected areas and demanded to know where the tub of vaseline , which seemed to be essential in every household , could be found .
he ordered the german and matthews to accompany him to the reception area , and the car moved to the entrance .
max pulled into the driveway a little after ten , triggering the motion - sensor lights , and stopped his car in our small parking area .
she guided aquila around a fallen log , then pressed forward toward a small , dark area of the wall .
i have but two rooms the main living area and then my bedroom .
* * * it was just after noon by the time they were dressed and sitting at a corner table in the main dining area , enjoying bowls of delicious venison stew with apple and pear .
the blond pushed the table to the far left wall while the greasy - haired soldier set up a trio of chairs facing the open area before the fireplace .
they crept side by side from the deep shadows of the main workroom to the smaller dining area , where linota whirled in a spiral , her hands waving in an undulating rhythm .
by the time she reached the rest area the indicator was firmly in the red .
he stepped out of the rig and looked around for the driver , but did nt see a soul throughout the entire rest area .
he d looked around furtively , trying to see if the driver was anywhere else in the rest area , but there was no one to be found .
at his curt nod , she reopened the door and gestured into the waiting area .
his drive down the hill to the rest area was as uneventful as a normal day in mariposa should be , except that the images of those dead women kept playing across the windshield , like a dark and gory movie .
the reporters followed him from the staging area , shouting questions over each other , totally oblivious to the fact he was ignoring them .
he pushed away from the door and nodded at the seat opposite the disaster area that was his desk .
rough - hewn barn timbers supported a white stucco ceiling throughout the living area .
doug briefly pondered the wisdom of what he was about to do , then motioned his head toward the conference room that doubled as a questioning area .
arden stood in the bullpen area of the sheriffs department , looking at her lovers standoffish posture and wondering if her own self - protection measures had been too much for him .
once my eyes adjusted to the dim interior , i could see the dining area was bustling with waitresses running food and drink orders .
two women came into the room at the same time , one from the kitchen area and one through the front door .
but he was in a quandary as to how to remove the body and transport it to his hearse , as he had no assistant and outside , the gymnasium area was too busy with people .
also the plans showed there was a security control room with videos of all important rooms as well as the engineering areas of the air - ship .
then i cleaned up the prep area and washed my hands , brushed flour from my apron and went to turn on the computer / cash register .
luckily , the door to the upstairs was nt locked and i stepped into the kitchen area .
the one between joes butchery and the sport shop had a nice big display window and a pretty roomy front area that could be for an office , a caf or a store - front .
after i drop them off , reginald has arranged for me to look at the street tapes for the mercedes that we saw in the parking area .
moving my hand to his , i pull him down the hall toward the reception area .
the only thing i would ask is that you request she stay silent regarding her suspicions if she enters the hospital area there .
however , there is a real threat out there and everyone has been instructed to move up to the main area of sanctuary , they are gathering in the recreation building .
i told rose i would call her when we got here , said gia as she pulled her case from the trains luggage area by the door .
they jostled off the boat and headed to the luggage area .
an adjacent room housed a ventilation system , and a bathroom area .
` ` wait until you see the cave area . ''
you have a bed in the trailer section and a stand up area on the ground where you can change clothes and store stuff . ''
we were trying to look inside from that area below the entrance when one of our dogs , bugger , suddenly picked up the scent and ran up to the entrance .
when she returned to the living area , dave said ` ` sorry about the mess in there .
cuba finally maneuvered out of the bedroom into the living area .
but she lay and stared at the reflection on the ceiling from the night light out in the living area .
frannie glanced over her shoulder at the area behind the shower house to assure herself that no one lurked nearby with a cellphone .
it did nt help that a very fine gravel dust found its way into the cargo area and filled her nostrils .
they were separated from the drivers area by a bulkhead with a mesh screen at the top but , because of the angle , could nt see marner .
donna searched the mostly empty shelves on one side of the cargo area and said , ` ` aha ! ''
she turned right and raced into an office reception area .
they came out to the waiting area to find linda smith browsing an old magazine .
the bar area had a giant mirror behind it and bar stools in front of it .
` ` that was good of her , '' robert says as they move inside the bank 's lobby area .
a few seconds pass , and then another waitress pops out from the swinging metal doors that separate the dining area from the kitchen .
i forced a smile to sell my satisfaction when i got back to the bar area .
the restaurant had a bottom level for dining and a rooftop that had a bar area along with a large dining area .
the restaurant had a bottom level for dining and a rooftop that had a bar area along with a large dining area .
i saw a staircase to the left of the kitchen and bar area .
a bald chubby chinese man came out of the kitchen area .
` ` the building is pretty big he probably has an area of rugs for his slaves to sleep on at night . ''
to the back right was the kitchen and to the left an area that led to the stairs .
he grabbed my arm and walked me over to an area that did n't look significant .
we were in a sea of people when we passed the security checkpoint and crossed into the main area .
` ` what if you go into a crowded area ? ''
she then showed us the area adjacent to our room that had access to the backyard where there was a pool , a gazebo and a large garden .
there was a small reception counter , beyond which i could see an open - plan working area with executives typing away at computers .
there were large rooms beyond the open - plan area , walled off by translucent frosted glass .
i guessed that the largest room was the security teams workspace and the medium - sized rooms were conference areas and executive offices .
it was customary for a casino to use these rooms as waiting areas for cheats or petty criminals , before handing them over to the police .
i pushed past her and headed into the nearest room , the formal living area with its antiques and persian rugs .
the living area was open - space , done in sleek modern tones of white and silver , with low - lying cream leather couches and fancy abstract artwork on the walls .
i could nt see anyone in the open - space living - dining - kitchen area , but there might just be someone hiding in the bedroom , so i called out , helloooo ?
he crunched across the blue gravel of the piers parking area , almost aimless .
the trees alongside the lawn area had been cut back making the expanse much wider .
they had moved past the pier area where the yacht was landing .
you do nt do that , said katy , from the stove area , her voice sarcastic .
he watched as they rushed through yards and back areas along the harbor , seemingly trying to proclaim their message to anyone who would listen about the evil of enemies from abroad .
after the tall figure entered stagmatters door , it closed and the landing area grew dark again .
from the distance she could see hundreds of men walking across the factory area , all their faces covered with masks .
i steered clear of the area for the rest of the day and worked on prepping some room layouts instead .
we started in the ladies parlor , continued on to the mens parlor and the blue room , and then went up the opposite side of the hall to the servants waiting area , the music room and the ballroom .
it was my temporary workplace ; when we completed the project , our work area would be moved off - site , but this was how matthews had wanted it .
i scanned the dining area .
kisa leads them first to the buyback area to show them the cut wires .
the crowd near the stage is getting riled up and i steer donna to a spot outside the floodlit area where its dark enough i ca nt see the green of her scrubs .
i padded my way down the stairs , poured myself a tall glass of water , then unrolled my lavender mat before the sliding glass doors of my dining area .
an administrative counter lay to the left as i came in , and i knew matthews computer lab and training area was through a door to the right .
* * * zeldas was a small restaurant , the right half a rowdy bar with exuberant locals , the left half a nautically themed upscale dining area .
they have a store area which is open daily even this time of year .
to the right , head up a half - flight to the main reception area .
i think we guessed it was about seven hundred feet , if you rowed toward the northern end and sat right in the center of the bulbous area there .
he turned left , and we walked past the large , concrete - floored dining area with its scattering of wooden picnic tables beneath an open - sided , beamed ceiling .
i was outside , i soothed him , moving to walk toward the dining area to look at the lingering remnants of the sunset .
a waiter dressed in black arrived and showed us over to a corner table in the main dining area .
i checked the flue , then cleared a few items which had somehow gotten stacked in front of the fireplace area .
once through the short lobby we reached a pair of staircases which descended into the main hall area .
we moved to the left , into the bar area .
the bar area settled back down into a silence , with only the running patter of the tv providing background noise .
i shook my head as i moved through their lobby area .
now they d installed a tv even in this small waiting area .
to its right was the dance floor and tables , while the left area held a large tv and smaller stools for the non - dance crowd .
he stood and moved over to the stage area .
a jog right to move along the time - warped floorboards , passing the large , open reception area often used by weddings .
finally , a right into the inn proper with its reception desk and main dining area .
i spotted my father and his girlfriend , zelda , sitting on a dense , stuffed couch in the crowded waiting area .
we turned and walked with my father and zelda back through the maze of twisty passages until we reached the entry area again .
i took his hand and we moved back into the dining area .
there were three of them along the right side of the main dining area .
then again , richard and his lawyer business have undoubtedly destroyed many a man as completely as death could , mused jason as we walked through the bar area to head out of the restaurant .
the living room , dining area , kitchen it all looked neat and untouched .
sutton historical museum , was also alongside the parking area .
i shook my head , turning to the massive screen , my eyes drawn to the shadowed areas where the whiteness was interrupted by decay and collapse .
i imagine few of the customers ever left the pavement area .
a large rolling door was situated on that side of the sanctuary and through it ( if you were seated at the appropriate angle ) you could see part of a reception area .
an older woman walking with the aid of a cane entered the curtained area next .
several people sitting in the designated area that had looked up and made eye contact found themselves shrinking down in their seats and looking at the floor .
then , there was the cake table in the reception area off through the side door .
from the reception area would be closest .
ashley dropped her bag into the front pew and headed into the reception area to fetch beverages for her demanding relatives .
claire agreed with a smile as the two headed through to the reception area arms linked with each other and heads together as they whispered back and forth .
the two relatives exited the sanctuary as well and joined the others clustered around the bridal table in the reception area .
ashley reappeared from the reception area and spoke to the guests who seemed unsure of what they should do next .
anyway , she walked into the visitors area with it .
i hope so , i said , and then followed the aide into the banquet area .
i guessed that mocha was caged somewhere near the supply area of the school .
he directed me through a door that led out onto an area that was under construction .
he circled around the parking area to a knoll where he could observe the quarry .
` ` listen up , '' she bellowed , marching into the middle of the area , up and down between the tables , as if on inspection .
people started taking position along the four sides of the area , clutching drinks , bottles , cans , like real football fans .
the dj bounced to the front of the performance area , jumping up and down like a jack - in - the - box .
as melia came back into the meeting area around the main campfire , she bumped into the young lady she knew .
many were over in the car park area , trying to get their motors back .
they were in the middle of the field that had been the main mustering area for the police .
now it cost money to get water , even if it was available only two days a week , but they could just afford it , and it was so very much easier than navigating the slippery , manure laden area around the communal well .
he did nt try to prepare any breakfast ; amy demanded her right to do that , but when he was sure his wife was finished with the chamber pot , he took it down the three flights of stairs then out behind the row housing to the toilet area , where there was a short line of people who , to judge by their sour expressions , obviously had nt yet had their morning tea .
then i dragged him over to a quiet area , stood on him , and checked the watch .
part of the floor was the dining area , with the best table they could afford and a hutch with their best china and dinnerware .
ignoring the beggars and prostitutes , watching for pickpockets and stepping over people sitting or lying in the street , mcfergus followed artful dodger into an area near field lane where police generally went in pairs , at a minimum .
` ` one of my forays was in the area of the teacher building , if i remember correctly .
an agility area for the bad ass breeds to learn to leap , jump , and tackle their small predators like a pack of crazy squirrels or a pod of tiny perfumed pookingeses .
we walked down the hall to the waiting area .
i pushed open the white picket gate , passed the outdoor seating area and glanced into one of the large picturesque windows where every dessert imaginable was on display .
i adore it , ' colette said , clasping her hands in rapture as we stepped from the hall into the central area of the house .
' all that ironwork and gates in the front , and nothing at the back and sides ... . ' ' it is a secure area .
the price lists on the stone tablets that ring the central area are legible still .
it would be possible for a guest to switch the light off in error but it is unlikely that a guest should find himself in the service area of the hotel . '
we stood in the reception area .
the area around the pool was full of cardboard boxes of uniform size .
she does nt really need clothes but is required to be seen outside public area while semi - covered with her man - whore protector .
the house he lived in boasted 7 bedrooms , seven bathrooms , an oversized kitchen , dining area , and a zillion other rooms .
he said his people had gone over it and found traces of blood in the sleeping area .
as i went past the kitchen section of the yacht , i noticed he had left the gold and the chess pieces scattered around inside the eating area .
i turned into the parking area at the bayview trailhead .
when the door to the examination and treatment area opened , i caught a glimpse of nurses and doctors , scurrying around .
i could see her point , and paced the waiting area until i heard her call my name .
she picked up another empty bag and began to walk around the pick and mix area a third time .
he took her across the lawn to a small cottage which consisted of a kitchen / living area with one small bedroom .
she called him when she had her luggage and a few minutes later he pulled up to the arrivals pick - up area .
the living - dining area was tiled and opened onto a deck that connected to the wooden walkover to the beach .
the kitchen opened onto the living - dining area in an open arrangement that bev liked .
a breakfast bar divided the kitchen from the dining area .
the master bedroom was large enough to include a small sitting area with a desk and book case in one corner , it had a sliding door that opened onto a small deck that also connected to the dune walkover .
they entered into the living / dining / kitchen area , which was similar to ( but much larger ) than the one in the apartment .
emily leaned her head to one side , you fell in love with that apartment the minute you saw the back deck off the living area , did n't you .
she told emily that if the landlady would n't let them put a door from the room into the hall , it would make a nice sitting area for her .
she also bought stools for the breakfast bar and a small table with two chairs for the dining area .
they put kitchen stuff in one area , bathroom stuff in another area and various nick - nacks and decorative things in another .
they put kitchen stuff in one area , bathroom stuff in another area and various nick - nacks and decorative things in another .
the traffic slowed to a crawl as she approached the attractions area .
the shuttle is waiting for me and drops me at the rental lot pick up area where a gleaming seafoam xjs awaits with engine purring in readiness to growl .
the road is too narrow to turn around so i select reverse gear and hurtle backwards until i can swing around to face the opposite direction using a scenic overlook area .
cruz pointed to the door to the dining area .
after his breathing had returned to normal , hyde went back to the dining area , busied himself clearing and wiping the tables while cruz stood at the door to the kitchen , hands on his hips , his eyes like daggers , watching his every move .
even sam dilucia who had always treated him almost as an equal rather than as a grunt who bussed tables , gave him an eyebrow - raising look when hyde had walked back into the dining area from the kitchen with the trayful of dirty dishes , the same ones he had just carried into the kitchen to be washed .
he strode out of the interrogation room into the large area divided into cubicles where detectives had their desks .
* * * * * the common area was pretty active when i burst through the doors of the autumn springs nursing home .
in the room were several televisions and a small control area .
alex and kara stopped and stared at the massive portraits of stars that filled the two - story foyer area .
kennedy unlocked the door and it opened to a huge formal living area .
he led kara down the stairs to an opened living area .
i gave the truckers only section a quick glance , and when i did nt see harper , i turned up the hallway that led out to the family area up front .
when i came through the door , she was standing in the kitchen area , holding a jar of maraschino cherries , pouring the syrup into a can of 7 - up .
i ended up in a secured area , in a cell by myself .
members of the serpents gentlemens club were in the barstow area at the time of the armored car robbery .
he said , i do nt believe mr . lawson , or mr . t - bone , were in the barstow area at the time of the robbery ?
the parking area behind the wonderland , which had been empty when i pulled in , was a cluster of cars and pickup trucks .
at the convention center , i followed the cadillac cowboy past the security guard , like i was part of his entourage , and cruised into the semi - secure rodeo staging area .
i told the man i was a working girl , and i desperately needed to get out of the barstow area , away from all the police .
vince got up and moved out of the living room and into the dinning area .
when a car door slammed out in the alley , vince backtracked across the living room , through the dining area , and stopped at the patio door .
the passengers exited , and the train pulled up to the loading area , where it stopped for a minute , and then pulled away empty .
the coaster train pulled up to the loading area , and the serpents started to move .
there was a cheap wooden desk and a small reception area with a couple of metal folding chairs , but most of the building was open .
we went out into the reception area .
he got up and pushed through the small gate separating the offices from the waiting area .
they passed through the door separating the lobby from the skating area .
she hopped up the step to the carpeted area , duck - walked across it in her skates , and rolled into the tile - floored snack bar .
the foyer area was painted in soft whites with a modern - looking desk resting under a mirror , a skinny black hat rack next to it .
i tried to sort out a small area for the daughter to be safe and then started cleaning .
chaos was going on around me and i ' m in a small play area i made with the little girl having a tea party .
jorge of course would only be allowed inside the reception area as men were strictly forbidden from the inner sanctum .
i could hear noise coming from the reception area as voices were raised and hoped that jorge was able to get in here and help me out .
` ` did you know we have cameras in the parking area ? ''
the next morning i found myself standing in the reception area of bliss being eyed off by perky little cindi , as her badge proudly proclaimed .
by this stage we 'd pulled into the parking area of my apartment complex .
most celebrity houses that i had seen in la had the grounds filled with big houses , pools and entertaining areas .
` ` i have n't had much of a chance to tidy this area .
we crept along through the kitchen area .
coming to the main area of the nightclub i heard loud voices .
scanning the room , i saw my bag was nowhere in sight , so i moved on into the kitchen area .
i looped back around the back area of the mansion and ended up in the parlor .
i d found a fantastic distressed table at a flea market , and my grandmother had then incorporated reds and yellows into the area .
anxiety surged through me as i walked a circle around the area , dropping pinches of the salt as i went , just as i had been instructed .
the living room was ghost hunters central with the usual equipment spread across the area .
before stepping into the dimly lit area , i peered down the length of the space .
my jeep was the first car in the parking area today .
the original parlor is now our reception area , the dining room a conference area .
the original parlor is now our reception area , the dining room a conference area .
we 'd walked across the tire store 's parking area during the conversation , and he unlocked the doors of a seventy - three mustang .
the small parking area overflowed with cars of the same vintage as josh 's primer - coated muscle car .
i watched his slim back as he affected his teenage boy walk across the narrow parking area .
simon did another slow survey of the living areas , the wall of bookcases , and the aviary .
not a litter box but at least in a specific area , dagger clarified .
one officer called for an ambulance and within moments , the beach was turned into a crime scene area with spotlights , wooden horses , and onlookers .
dagger could hear simon in the shop area sweeping up more of the glass and cleaning up the showcases .
the more devastation dagger saw in the cabinets , bathroom , living area , and the shop , the more daggers anger grew .
belinda marched into the woods in the direction of the toilet area .
there was a small parking area for the two larger cabins .
from one open area we could see thomson lake , including the portage point on the far side .
we d dumped the last load onto a flattish area at the site , and were just starting to unpack when the phone rang .
it was dark , although it could nt have been much past eight by this time , but we woke patrick and got him into a sleeping bag and settled onto a mossy area .
there was a raised area at one end .
the sink , like most of the working area , was stainless steel and would outlast both me and jimmys .
the guy in the kitchen area was looking out the serving window .
hi , cork , the guy in the kitchen area said , what can i get you ?
a murmur of voices from the area of the ship and the distant thwopping of a helicopter assured me i had nt gone deaf .
once inside , he flipped on the lights and took the newspaper from its biodegradable green bag , scanning the headlines before he deposited the paper on lillianas desk in the reception area .
a hostess was assigned to staff each kitchenette during business hours , charged with brewing fresh coffee ; restocking milk , sugar , and cream ; cutting lemons for the tea drinkers ; running the prescott & talbott mugs through the dishwasher ; and keeping the area spotless .
as sasha boarded the escalator down to the ground transportation area , she found what she was searching for : a text from naya with warners home address .
prescott & talbott employees and guests simply flashed their badges as they walked through the reception area .
connelly directed him to the seat by the window in sashas living room area , pointing to it with the gun .
ignore him , connelly suggested from the kitchen area .
then he went up the three stairs to her bedroom area .
after she had finished reviewing the temporary restraining order papers , shed made up the pullout bed in the living area .
harold jones , recently hired as an independent consultant and in possession of a smartphone issued by patriotech , was currently in the seattle area with a ticket to travel across the united states on a plane that had been retrofitted with a rags link .
the supervisory deputy united states marshal had been coming back and forth between his own office and the chiefs office , eyeballing leo each time he passed through the waiting area .
the waiting area seemed to be designed specifically to bore a person out of his skull .
they headed down to the parking area ; when they got off the elevator , a deputy marshal working the motor pool jogged off in search of the camry keys .
elizabeth went over to the prep area in the corner of the room and started shuffling through the bottles of lotions , towels and candles , trying to make herself look busy and efficient .
there was one of the parking area outside my office , with uniformed cops heading every which way ( in the wake of my giving dickhead the slip , no doubt ) .
i took a paper and stuck it in my bag before i went to my office , a converted coat closet off the reception area .
the reception area was dingy , with threadbare , green carpet and a utilitarian desk .
he did nt say anything , just nodded to her before he propelled me down the dusky hallway toward the reception area .
a couple of the other agents were hanging out in the reception area , whispering , but rather than sit there and commiserate about how awful everything was , i figured i d use the time constructively instead .
the fort was an area of about seven feet by seven feet .
the body had been left inside of a metal trash can in an area used to house garbage dumpsters .
sinfields , you guys pull out the weeds around the fence area .
we all moved into the living room area to get a better look at the interior of the house .
we stepped back to let them by and , managing not to spill any more of our drinks , we strode back down the empty lunch line and made our way to the dining area , over to where rod sat .
there were four showers next to the door that led out to the pool area and a sign hung over it asking that everyone rinse off before going in the pool .
two carlos met me at bostons logan in the baggage claim area where we greeted each other with a hugsort of .
oh , this is only the detectives area , he replied , smiling .
a young man entered the office area .
spinelli waved him into the work area .
for living space , you pretty much just have the kitchen , a dinette area and a tiny living room .
this area private , he said .
` ` i went out on the sundeck upstairs -- '' she pointed overhead to the deck which projected out from the second story of the house , covering approximately half the garden area . ` `
a recessed area along the side wall was filled by a long dresser which took up most of the wall .
pat glanced at the decorative secretary seated at her desk as he went through the reception area .
as he walked through the waiting area , maxie wished him a good day , but pat did not hear .
` ` but then we walked out onto the balcony area where the ground shifted beneath you , and we had to grab at the railing to keep from falling on our faces .
act v falkner winced as the big purple ford plunged into the emergency department parking area and stopped like a cow pony .
they left yellow crime tapes across the great room door , around the pool area , and down by the curve in the live - oak - lined drive .
concentrating , he moved to the pool area where jack had found the confederate sword tossed beneath a bank of ferns .
he tried to see the pool area with fresh eyes , even though he d been at the plantation for years now .
windows took up that entire area , with a view of the yard and pool , and fans swirled lazily .
she leaned back to gaze toward the pool area .
katy wandered into the master bath , converted from a former dressing room and now a delightful area with two sinks , a separate shower , and a gigantic whirlpool tub .
a small , blue sports convertible took up the remaining space in the tiny parking area .
the office was a small , windowless area .
we drove past the pool area , and i parked beside a thibedeaux security van .
he straightened and motioned for me to follow him toward the pool area .
he started to say something else , but i whirled and hurried back to the parking area .
there were pictures of the pool area , some with a measuring tape laid out to indicate distances that meant something to the crime investigators .
jack tugged me out of the cell area , but i fought him hard enough to keep an eye on what was going on .
smitty hung his head , glancing in trepidation at the steel door , and jack patted his shoulder as he nudged me aside and closed the door separating the cells from the office area .
smitty came out of the cell area and tossed his file on the desk as he glanced at jack .
but there s also a small area up in the attic .
the thumps echoed in the confined area , but the fireplace held firm .
a thump sounded on a nearby wall in the attic area , and i jumped .
he came up the attic stairs , and he s trying to find out where the areas hollowed out .
lets take this to a more private place , i hissed and in a flash , i grabbed the stunned vampire and my sister and teleported back to where i was earlier , in a wide opened area .
she then dragged it from the service area behind the main floor galleries , across forty or fifty feet of polished porcelain tile floor and into the gallery housing the ` ` do - nothings , '' richard bjornson 's solo show .
as chris started toward the service area , he added , ` ` come right back . ''
ryquist headed toward the docent 's desk and the door leading down to the working areas of the museum with chris trailing after .
panting , she arrived at the fine arts complex and found a scattering of people standing silently in small groups in the lobby area .
bjornson was on the floor in the welding area behind one of those safety curtains , so he did n't see him right away .
` ` we 're gon na close off the sculpture area and the johns for now , that whole end of the building , maybe for a day .
the sculpture area and the bathrooms were available again .
a red laser dot darted around a small area near the top right .
the galley was an open area .
an officer escorted a tall heavyset man in a suit into the holding area then walked out .
he brought a chair into the holding area outside the cells .
the pool area was nearly empty .
i had been to this funeral home before and i knew there was a kitchen / dinette area right next to the restrooms .
the kitchen / dinette area was crowded with people talking , eating cookies , and drinking coffee and tea .
i did nt have too much time to worry about ethan and jenna having a romantic connection , though , because detective dixon suddenly entered the kitchen / dinette area , heading straight for the coffee and his favorite thing in the world , styrofoam cups .
i backed into my area behind the corner so i could see the both of them .
james walked over to an open chair in the reception area where he began filling out forms .
he looked around the customer dining area and spotted jerry .
i have a team ready in the san francisco bay area .
he parked at a table on the edge of the customer dining area .
he laid his purchases down on the desk at the west end of the lobby area , then walked to the telephone in one of the old dentist work bays to see if he had any messages .
we sat in the dining area , looking out at the street from the sliding glass doors .
he stood and paced the area from the bathroom to the window , stepping within a few feet of me .
i set my briefcase and laptop just inside the entrance , looking through the foyer to the reception area .
when sebastian zidonis walked into the reception area of deriw support systems , my first thought was nba .
seating was arranged for groups of four or more , and each area had its own low table .
nick opened the door and walked into a reception area of a small set of cubicles .
he held the door and behind him , susan stepped into the reception area .
the left side of the room was a spacious kitchen area .
between the kitchen and dining area was a dutch door which opened onto a terrace of meandering flagstone .
in each area was a decorative garden bench .
we saw that there s an area that s separated from the main one by a wall .
i grained the horses early -- they did n't object -- then lugged hay bales out of the storage area at the end of the barn and spaced them down the center of the aisle .
i walked into the southwest field that served as a parking area during show days and scanned the rows of trailers .
there were few people in the parking area -- most had gone to lunch -- so i was surprised to hear heavy , quick footsteps behind me .
deeper within the bowels of the old barn , ten stalls surrounded a common area .
later that morning , after the crew had turned out the first batch of horses and we 'd started in on the stalls , i grabbed a push broom from the storage area at the end of the aisle .
because the fixtures were widely spaced and partially blocked by the hay mow , the work area was poorly - lit with heavy , deep shadows under the equipment .
i gave the work area one last cursory glance and walked outside into sunlight and air not laden with fumes .
i pulled into the parking area behind the foaling barn , and we climbed the steps to the loft .
greg had let the hose recoil back into the storage area under the compartment , and as he closed the lid , he looked up at me , his expression thoughtful .
he would n't have known that the riding area in barn b was called an arena .
there was a lot of repair work and modification going on , cameras were rigged in many areas , and those on the gates were briefed on the need for utmost security .
john was looking black , peering at the wall , totally opaque from his side , and then returning to the bedroom area and striding up and down next to the wall , his head turned to it , appearing to be looking straight through .
when not occupied , she often sat reading in this area , or joined the staff as they swam or exercised .
then she had her clinic area , and leading from that , her sleeping quarters , though she often went to her own home at night .
mark slowly nodded , and once they d both finished their meal , john led the way to a large open area .
but i could nt avoid it ; i needed to dust around that area , and i knew that i was just being silly .
but it had a wrap - around porch , a partial basement , a big kitchen , a huge living - dining area , two toilets , and six tiny bedroomsfour up , two down .
she noted there was very little activity in the waiting room area .
she stood at the door of the caf , and peered in , amazed at the number of people crammed into the overflowing outdoor seating area which eddied and bulged into the street .
then i caught sight of her , going toward the perfume and jewelry area .
she stood aside as her companions hustled amanda and me through a maze of stacked boxes and shelves to an open area between rows of shelves .
the professor had built it into the end wall of the kitchen - dining area with several drawers across the bottom and four immense doors covering the top portion .
at times such as this she regretted that she had turned up the volume of the ring , but it was the only way that she could be sure to hear it from the cell - culture area at the other end of the lab .
the elevator just opens into to the outer office area . ''
there were eight windows on the second floor all arched with stained glass in the arch area and there were four small windows above them in the attic but none had stained glass in them .
it had large windows like a kitchen or a family area , the porch ran across it front and again french doors faced the front of the house .
however , there was no stained glass , in this area at all .
every one grabbed a sheet , and soon dust was filtering through the bright light that flooded the area .
barging past mr . mason , she flew in to the large area .
the main area had a door opening to the hallway .
beth had been cooking for days , alex cutting and arranging flowers , and rob and the kids had been busy setting up the kids little game area .
beth had drawn her into the large dining area , and was serving her tea and toast , while she awaited emmas arrival .
the areas not cover with pictures , offered up candy dishes , trinket boxes , and a wide array of unused ashtrays .
scanning the area , she discovered the room that had once held her glass china hutch had disappeared .
we only use the storage areas in the basement to keep old archives everything recent is stored up here .
the stairs led into a wide area with several locked rooms leading off .
ben , help me get mr goswell out of here , harry commanded , and they all retreated back to the normality and sunshine of the reception area , where they sat james on a chair with his head between his knees .
when he had a complete list of those present and the details of when the rest were expected in , he returned to the reception area .
there was also a signed warrant to search any area of the council offices , and another to search chewters house .
armed with the keys he set off for downstairs again , and exchanged a few words with the officers working in the tunnel area .
oh , nearly forgot can you make sure the area around the back entrance is thoroughly searched i mean really searched , fine toothcomb job , ok ?
the main residential area was under construction a quarter of a mile inland , but the huge rough meadow that ran in a gentle slope to the cliff edge was as yet untouched .
she pointed to a state - of - the - art printer copier in the corner of the dining area , next to the powerful computer set - up her husband had once owned .
its open front faced the swimming pool with a circular cocktail area , and it had a small living space for guests in back .
the two women moved away from the workout area .
she walked past the swimming pool into the living area of the cabana .
large welcoming fireplace , cozy sitting area , wide bed with a locally made native american blanket spread across it , more blankets draped on the walls , pottery scattered in nooks and crannies .
unless company arrived , the cabana served as a storage area rather than a guest room , housing the dolls her mother sold at shows .
wobbles knows he can only go on this section , gretchen said , gesturing to the countertop farthest from the food preparation area .
the rail yards loading area , warehouses , the empty grain elevators , the stockyards ... and the slaughterhouse !
the other side opened into a high , cavernous space , partitioned into some sort of manufacturing , warehousing and loading areas .
the long space was furnished rather comfortably with plush upholstered furniture , a compact kitchen area and a dinette section .
she took two glasses from a dish rack in the adjacent kitchen area and polished their rims with a used paper towel .
a large paved parking area and a protective berg kept mud and silt from filling in around the house when it rained in the mountains .
when michael finished putting haley to bed he returned to the dining area just as lisa came in for dinner .
they came into view a moment later as they proceeded to the registration area at the lodge entrance .
janet forewent her customary swim and huddled in a small lounge at the elbow of the lodge wing that extended toward the area where professor antwhistle 's bedroom was situated .
once inside and after a brief conversation with a volunteer guide located in the foyer who gave him directions to the newspaper archive section , he made straight for that area of the building .
then he d drive to the airport , park his loyal cherokee in the long term parking area , head to the terminal , and buy a ticket to a big city in the south by the ocean , maybe miami .
the only way to describe the condition of anthonys bathroom necessitated using terms such as public urinal , mens locker room , or dumpster area .
the long - haired man waved his hand towards what rob presumed was the galley area of the boat , saying , take whatever you want , adding as the other man turned to leave , when will you be back ?
the remaining landscape has changed too : what would have once been an exclusive hunting park for the monied aristocracy is now free to be enjoyed by everyone , and with the arrival of the larger public so in turn have followed tarmac paths , childrens play areas , football pitches , tennis courts , a miniature train ride , and a series of paddling pools .
the victim had been discovered , behind the industrial waste bins , outside the rear exit to the centres kitchen area , five deep stab wounds raking his back , causing wounds that superficially looked as though they had been caused by the paw of a giant cat .
rob glanced at his watch as he passed beneath one of the dim lamps that shone its weak light on the pathway that ran beside the childrens play area in the park .
it was actually rather an unsettling sight , these naked , unrecognizable globules of pink meat , strewn around an area about the size of a large snooker table .
the body was in the main bedroom , sprawled unnaturally across the double bed ; it had been unnecessary to follow the trail of blood leading from the galley area , there had been made no attempt to conceal the victims corpse .
were having to shout at each other now , the music and the dancing are getting closer , spilling out of the dance area into the drinking area , with the new , in vogue , death dance .
were having to shout at each other now , the music and the dancing are getting closer , spilling out of the dance area into the drinking area , with the new , in vogue , death dance .
slowly , so slowly , i lift myself out of the hole , into the small work area in the shack , right next to my friend the barmans lifeless body .
mishok gathered himself like a squid would gather itself together and moved toward a darkened room near the huge storage area .
as i walked through the dining area i stepped on something that squished .
the floor moaned as i made my way to the sales area , no one was home .
karen watched the tight jeans and , no doubt ass , as they undulated toward the kennel area .
when karen came around the corner to the kennel area she slipped on something , thinking it was some form of excrement .
they walked quickly through the noisy slot machine area and ordered their lunch at the hotel restaurant , and intended to go right out .
back at the reception area , tiffany quickly repeated her earlier smooth and well - practiced motion of putting down the phone , hiding the magazine and dropping the nail file in the drawer as she saw rosie and henry approaching .
the layout of the place suited henry perfectly ; all of the bedrooms had french doors that opened up to the backyard pool , lawn area , the barbecue and a small pool cabana .
he had a few extra minutes , so he bought a newspaper and sat down in the gate area to read .
elliot was busy in the open kitchen pounding on several chicken breasts while a mixing bowl of marinade was on the counter next to her work area ready to receive the end results of her labors .
so mr przemek , it appears that you have been running a brothel in the upstairs area of your building above your caf , could you please comment on this piotr sat there , stock still .
there was a slight pause before mr wall interjected please note my client knows nothing about this , the upstairs area was actually rented out to a mr smith some years ago , here is a copy of the deeds .
he was standing on the ground floor of the multi storey car park in the smoking area .
she stated emotionally vigorously pointing to the car park area which was obvious to the eye and more showed up the feelings that were stirring within jane .
i thought i d be checked in and oversharing before lunchtime but no , so i m trying not to break cover by getting out my phone and checking headlines , when i semi - recognise this fidgety girl sitting opposite me in the waiting area .
on my approach to the library i pass through a small courtyard area where cycles can be parked .
i locate the wi - fi area , sit at a table and read a leaflet explaining how to connect .
as i hurry into the courtyard area i see a teenage girl , about seventeen years old , dressed as some sort of part - time goth .
in one corner i find a small kitchen area consisting of a small fridge , a gas stove , a kettle with jars of tea and coffee , and two calor gas heaters .
i drive casually into the airfield and head straight to the car park and reception area .
i park the car in a parking bay and scan the area for cctv or other prying stares .
the only carpet , which is red , separates the bedroom area from the rest of the room .
footsteps pace down the hall and into the main living area .
i then drag andrews body into the main living area and dump it next to the kill .
i step out and see the ambulance men about to leave the hall and enter the main living area .
i burst inside into a spacious , open - plan living area .
they had their heads and flashlights poking around opposite areas of the wet bar .
large crowds gathered in separately appointed areas , learning how to save themselves in case of emergency .
he eventually made his way over to the luggage pickup area of the terminal and retrieved two worn black - leather suitcases that he had owned for many years , and although he did not travel a great deal , when he did , these two articles were his most trusted companions .
still a little groggy , he glanced in the direction of the kitchen after hearing noise coming from that area .
the ceremony had to be moved into the senate chamber because the traditional inaugural area in front of the capitol building was enveloped in a blinding snowstorm .
in 1891 there were stalls for 25 horses , a carriage house , tack and harness rooms and a living area for the stable help .
the guards marched him and franco and 60 other prisoners to the shower area .
the prisoners disrobed in a large dressing area then shuffled naked into the steamy shower room , away from the guards eyes .
chapter 45 the area just east of the presidents office , which would one day become the rose garden , was , in 1912 , where the white house laundry was hung to dry .
fourth officer joseph boxhall appeared on the bridge to report there seemed to be no noticeable damage in the passenger areas .
chris pulled amy close and kissed her as he turned into the parking area at sandy neck .
mat was fuming but bill just ignored him and took him down the hall to the commons area .
just before the restroom on the right was the commons area on the left .
i braked at the entry to the unpaved monarch trail access parking area .
i continued on past this access area and saw in my rear view mirror that the deputy was turning around .
while the area on my side of the counter was clean , by the hand of cortina , no doubt , everything on his side was in disarray .
that presumably was the printing area in back .
when i eventually arrived at the campus area , there was a sign announcing the university of montana , missoula campus , founded 1893 .
while the burn areas themselves remain off limits to the public , the wildflower profusion can be viewed from parking areas in the parks .
the public is being allowed in limited numbers to enter these parking areas to view the blooms , but can not leave the paved lots .
he could still look out into the visitor area through a large pane of glass in the upper half of the door , and he glanced that way often .
that night , when he finished at the shop , he went down to the basement to the little gated storage area for his apartment and visited the boxes of all of the things that jane had packed up .
once inside , he passed the bar and service area , then went on through the showers , which reeked of chlorine .
a walkway exposed on both sides and crossing over the living room area bridged the spot where he stood and the door to brugmann 's bedroom , where the safe was housed .
lights flooded the pool area and decking .
a little too late to worry about being arrested for trespassing in a secured area of the mansion .
she kept walking across hand - painted tiles and through another set of open doors to a pool and patio area enclosed by a vine - covered stone wall that was chest high and appeared to be more an architectural decoration than a security measure .
the invisible doorway provided the household staff access without any need for them to travel through the mansion 's family areas .
hopefully , the majority of the staff would be dealing with the party and not passing through this area .
he flipped the light switch off in every hallway he entered , wending his way to the central corridor that led to the kitchen , laundry , and service areas .
he ignored the dig and started shedding clothes while she stepped over to peek through the door that exited into the public areas of the house .
when she reached the end of the hall , linette opened a door and stepped inside a carpeted reception area that was empty save for a plush gray sofa - and - chair combo .
emergency personnel and security staff choked the narrow patio area around gwen 's pool .
the area beyond the bedroom resembled a long living room with bone - colored leather couches on the right and two captain's - seat - type reclining chairs on the left .
hunter had no idea if there was an area for men or not , but abbie had said a former patient could come in .
seemed highly possible that wentworth would have a private area where no one would see the men come and go .
the pine - paneled room was old but clean , and the large space included a small kitchenette area .
their sedan arrived at the parking area for the mall close to two o'clock .
but that area is separate from the central building .
hunter squeezed between a hedge and the concrete wall that surrounded the parking area .
need a location , gotthard , '' joe said , striding across the research analyst 's area in bad 's underground operation center .
the secret wing in kore burned to the ground , damaging part of the public area of the women 's center .
linette walked into the reception area outside vestavia 's office , where basil and frederick waited .
` ` joe and tee are waiting , '' danya said when he stepped through the doors into the reception area .
he took a seat and watched as several people had their pictures taken in a roped - off area of the stage , where a mic bearing the wsm logo and a guitar were staged .
the lobby area was dark , but as she entered the cube area , she realized that several agents were still working .
the lobby area was dark , but as she entered the cube area , she realized that several agents were still working .
a light shining in the rear area flashed up to blind her .
the only area disturbed were boxes in the back section to the side of a generator framed inside four - inch steel tubing .
when they reached the area where the package had been opened , he looked closer .
chapter nine nathan shifted in the narrow area where he stood between the dumpster at the rear of the nopd parking lot , which , lucky for him , backed up to a brick three - story building .
the front office area was dark , the empty parking lot closed for the day .
he found a spot where he could stand at the end of an aisle out of view and see anyone approaching from the loading dock area .
he took a circuitous route to reach the front without crossing the lighted area .
news vans were being corralled into a roped - off area like she 'd seen cowboys do with cattle in the movies .
angel glared at linda after she 'd looked at the cubicle , and i had to admit i could n't see angel 's changing in that tiny area as a possibility .
` ` yes , he ... '' and then i had no excuse to loiter , though i dearly wanted to , because trinity came out of the reception area and started to go to the doctor 's office with some files .
there 's an area set aside by clever use of shelving and extra bulletin boards , and it 's designated as the children 's room .
as i went to my desk in the children 's area , i reminded myself forcefully that bearing a healthy child did n't mean you lived happily ever after .
if the children 's area had been a real room , instead of a corner of the ground floor , i would have shut the door and had a discussion with beverly .
her understudy , debbie lincoln , now controlled the desk in the reception area .
it was a bit like being at a car dealership where each salesman has to usher you into a little area partitioned off at neck level , and there present you with pages of scrawled figures .
no one was supposed to know i 'd given the kickoff donation for the new staff area .
i went to the area where the atlanta paper usually landed , and sure enough , there it was in a plastic sleeve .
i sat in the waiting area for a while with a magazine on my lap , hoping no one would talk to me , feeling sick at heart .
i had to walk to the back of the church , since i 'd entered from the door to the west of the altar area ; as i passed , i scanned the row of pallbearers on the left front pew .
the area had been arranged as a garden with white concrete - looking statues of roman - like figures .
jeremy hesitated to say more with so many people walking around behind cece to access the equipment in this area .
when they reached the bar area , jeremy called out , ` ` where is she ? ''
blade had a couple guys with remodeling experience who needed some work so jeremy figured the weight room and aerobic area could stand a new look .
there was a large reception area downstairs where the current secretary did her work and greeted clients .
jake followed her up the stairs to the big office , where he closed the door and directed her to a small sitting area with a sofa and chairs .
on friday , almost two weeks after the suicide , jake walked through the front door and into a reception area with a desk in the center of it .
if he wanted to walk around the reception area with a late - afternoon bourbon and harass roxy with dirty jokes , then so be it .
as clapp waited in the reception area , he flipped through a magazine and took in the surroundings .
the crowd continued to grow around the waiting area on the hospital 's main wing .
he returned to the main wing , avoided the waiting area , and found ozzie chatting with two of his men .
he opened it , and with jake following he stepped into the reception area and looked at portia .
the reception area of burton and crimstein was part old - world attorney - rich mahogany , lush carpeting , tapestry - clad seating , the decor that foreshadows the billing - and part sardi 's celebrity wall .
he checked the cargo area in the back .
still wedged into the foot area charlaine managed to jam her palm on the accelerator .
that was what perlmutter felt now because the back of the car , the trunk area , was low .
that was the boston area , if she remembered correctly .
* * * sandra koval did not meet her in the reception area this time .
separate sleeping areas so we can have that option . ''
terese and i sat in the lounge area on win 's plane , a boeing business jet he 'd recently purchased from a rap artist .
the giggling echoed through the room , and all over the tristate area , small children were reaching up and grabbing their mommies ' hands .
jonasson met them in the emergency admissions area .
there 's a room in the connecting corridor to the right of the reception area that would be better from a security point of view .
instead she had an area cleared off the central desk in the heart of the newsroom , and there she set up her laptop and took command .
then he took his mop and swabbed the corners in the reception area where the brushes of the floor polisher could not reach .
they were drinking coffee in the pavement area of a cafe on norr malarstrand .
she subjected the kitchen area , the bathroom and the loft to a critical inspection before she nodded in approval .
she gets an hour 's exercise each day in the little area on the roof , but we ca n't get to her up there .
dr . carol simpson escorted sara to the waiting area in the atchley pavilion .
a true professional , george had already cased the building and surrounding area .
the two men barely broke stride as they i crashed through the door and into the waiting area .
there was wat po , which housed the reclining buddha a statue so immense it stretched across an area larger than half a football field .
tell me about the upstairs area . ''
when she told me for the third time she was leaving for the grocery , i decided it would be a good opportunity to clean the office area without her hovering presence .
he raised his straight brows , stared for an instant longer , and then went past me , out the back door to the tenants ' parking area .
one of the sliding glass doors leading to the pool area was broken .
i would have to safari into the camouflage jungle to reach the little area i wanted , a far hike to the rear if i remembered the store layout correctly .
we rounded a corner consisting of men 's jumpsuits ( very popular in shakespeare ) which led us into the small open area devoted to workout equipment and workout clothes .
the dark man asked as darcy reluctantly went back to his work area .
this area of the store seemed isolated and silent , suddenly , though i knew there were people just through the dense racks of clothes .
i backed out and drove out of my driveway and into the garden apartments driveway , going all the way to the rear parking area .
as we worked our way to the front of the storage area , i saw more and more .
the heavier door beyond the big open area at the back of the church thudded from time to time as the members of the wedding party assembled .
there was a couch positioned opposite the bride 's area , where all the local brides ' and grooms ' selections of china and silverware were displayed .
i could see that she had some legitimate gripes , because the long , narrow shape of the living area made it hard to group furniture , just for starters .
made of a heavy metal and painted brown , it was intended for staff use , so therapists would n't have to enter and exit through the reception area .
the light wis n't crystal clear in the area around the door , but i could tell when i aimed my tiny key - ring flashlight at the crack that the deadbolt was not actually engaged .
and the counter in the reception clerk 's area was just nasty .
now that he was on the carpet in the living room area , howell three heard the noise from the pool and looked out .
in fact , it should still be in the current magazine area , a sort of nook made comfortable by deep chairs and an area rug .
the magazine i 'd been seeking was in the big pile on the table by the waiting area , a few chairs at the end of the hall where caregivers could wait while their charges were being examined .
as i crossed the large open area in front of the desk to reach the periodicals area , she caught my eye and gave an exaggerated wince , inviting me to share her anxiety .
as i crossed the large open area in front of the desk to reach the periodicals area , she caught my eye and gave an exaggerated wince , inviting me to share her anxiety .
i had the panda propped and positioned to cover just that area , since beth normally mailed her letters at about this time .
in marie 's apartment , as in all of them , the common hallway door opens directly into a living room , with an area to the rear used for dining .
across from this dining area is the kitchen , of course , which is well lined with cabinets and counters for an apartment kitchen .
the hall starts where the kitchen and dining area end , and to your right ( in marie 's apartment ) is the closet containing the washer and dryer and shelves used for linens and cleaners and odds and ends .
but i 'd heard the yorks carry on about it , and i 'd seen pardon standing out in the parking area , shaking his head at the camper as if it were a difficult child , puttering around it with a yardstick .
every monday morning , before he went to church , norvel was supposed to vacuum and clean the glass in the doors , sweep the front walkway , and pick up trash in the parking area in the back .
as usual , i parked in the paved area behind the building , intended for the doctor and staff .
he looked sullen , but he acted swiftly , heel - and - toeing it out of the parking area .
going from the lighted hall to the relative gloom of the parking area cost me some vision , and i stood still to let my eyes adjust .
pardon had installed one all - night security light in the middle of the garage , and it lit up that immediate area like stage lighting .
the struggle came into the light , moving toward the center of the parking area , and i could see t. l. york and claude rolling on the ground , struggling for a gun that i thought must be in claude 's hand .
therefore , i realized , as i carried a load of dirty towels to the laundry area , that little nasty , contemptuous act was no more than window dressing .
i marched back to my tiny washing area and stuffed clothes in my washer .
the street lamp in front of the building cast a golden glow on the steel door , which led into a narrow hall with a lobby area .
thick burgundy rugs swallowed up the noise of my heels as i made my way toward the tall brunette typing on her computer at the glass reception area .
keeping my poker face on , i looked around mayfield 's reception area as i waited for my new boss to greet me .
black and white art adorned the wall behind the reception area .
once at jfk and waiting in the boarding area , i switched on my smartphone .
the arrivals area was filled with waiting families and taxi drivers .
each property would boast a large tiled hallway , a lounge , dining room , study , several bedrooms with walk - in closets , and bright open - plan kitchen and living areas .
sitting in the waiting area at malpesa airport with jett holding my hand felt surreal .
the elevator doors opened , spitting me out into the chic reception area .
at ten past seven the hallway was quiet , with only a handful of people sipping their morning coffee in the company 's own kitchen cum bar area .
touching the small of my back , jett guided me across the platform to a door and down the stairs until we reached the lower level and a reception area , where a man in his thirties was waiting .
then we returned downstairs to inspect the landscaped backyard , the outdoor bbq area , the in - house cinema , the 850 - foot fitness area , the open - plan kitchen , and another leisure room .
then we returned downstairs to inspect the landscaped backyard , the outdoor bbq area , the in - house cinema , the 850 - foot fitness area , the open - plan kitchen , and another leisure room .
i pointed in the direction of the open - plan kitchen area , which i had spied upon entering .
as we passed through another hall , i noticed training areas complete with numerous punching bags , weight - lifting machines , four full - sized boxing rings , and various training equipment .
the view from the kitchen was of the back of the building facing the street and the entrance to the basement storage area .
and there has to be a lockable area where i can keep a motorcycle . ''
he took the keys and went down to the courtyard and searched johansson 's car and then the apartment 's basement storage area .
she booted up her computer , logged on to milton security 's network and navigated to the car pool , which was administered by a secretary in milton 's reception area .
she got up quickly and walked over to the window , where she spotted someone in a black leather jacket leaving the area where the boxes were .
he put money into fixing up the bathroom and the kitchen area , but instead of putting in a parquet floor and interior walls to make it into the planned two - room apartment , he sanded the floor - boards , whitewashed the rough walls , and hid the worst patches behind two watercolours by emanuel bernstone .
the result was an open living space , with the bedroom area behind a bookshelf , and the dining area and the living room next to the small kitchen behind a counter .
the result was an open living space , with the bedroom area behind a bookshelf , and the dining area and the living room next to the small kitchen behind a counter .
a fourth , considerably smaller area that occupied only a few employees was what was called pi or p - in , in internal jargon pinders , which stood for personal investigations .
she showed him where the coffee machine was in the canteen area .
there were two sofas there , so it was by way of being a reception area .
at the east end there was a small industrial area and a stable ; at the western end stood an uncommonly beautiful wooden church .
there were no waiting or sitting areas at the san remo -most of your finer buildings did not encourage even approved guests to loiter - so they moved outside to the street .
the renovations had been completed - they 'd sliced a bit of space out of the conference room and reception area so that esperanza could have an office of her own - but the new room remained unfurnished .
satisfied , big cyndi smiled and strung up a sign across the reception area that read welcome back , esperanza !
there was a little closet at the north end of the cellar , far beyond the workshop area and the furnace .
horne finally came out to the reception area and moved so that he stood directly over her .
he led her through the waiting area , past the double doors .
then he found a free chair in the arrivals area , folded his arms across his chest , closed his eyes , pulled the brim low across his face .
she found the back area .
the floor plan was an irregular hodgepodge , the formal reception areas knotted toward the front facing the street , various private living quarters in the rear .
every floor had one , a sitting area with magazines and newspapers .
on the far wall beyond an american airlines baggage claim area was a lit placard , one of hundreds that lined the terminal walls .
droopy shoved him out of the office and into a secretarial area devoid of people .
they quickly found an exit that led beyond the public viewing areas , toward two large sheds filled with equipment .
the bar was bigger than in most of those places , the dining area obviously smaller .
i beelined into my waiting area and spotted her right away .
i peered at the calendar across the room by the telephone in the kitchen area .
` ` someone , '' she offered softly , ` ` could have come in when patty and me were both gone from the reception area . ''
` ` we 're never supposed to both be gone from the reception area .
` ` we have decided that at one point this morning , early , someone could have entered the reception area without being seen . ''
a young woman was standing in the reception area .
i loved the master bedroom , and i loved the breakfast area overlooking the backyard .
after that came the kitchen , which had an eat - in area and many , many cabinets .
it was really one large open area , the only sealed - off part being a bathroom at one end .
the parking area had been crowded , and the church was jammed to capacity .
madeleine was standing curiously in the cold draft from the door i 'd left open , and she rubbed against my legs as i stood in the kitchen area wondering what on earth i was going to do .
it encompassed four separate areas , two out in the open and two more inside the cave .
at last , the passenger drop - off area came into view and she pulled up to the curb .
three women sat behind the wood and cream granite receptionist area , and joseph approached them with a smile .
the gangsters spread their bets around , at the track , with bookies in the boston area and with bookies out of las vegas .
business conversations had moved from inside the office to the backseat of bulger 's black chevy parked inside the bay area .
he reported that the ` ` mafia was on the march '' into the suburbs and said that he 'd made his way to the secret session ` ` by taking an elevator up from level 5 to the service area . ''
eventually the wolf hearings even changed locations , from the building in post office square , which had housed the federal court for sixty - five years , to a new $ 220 million facility overlooking boston harbor , an area known as fan pier , right in south boston .
meals arrived on wheels from a central prison kitchen , and inmates ate at the tables in the unit 's common area .
the unit had a ` ` rec deck , '' a small , outdoor recreation area that opened up off the far end of the unit .
frank was the ` ` meal server '' : three times a day , while all the other inmates were locked down , he set up the common area for meals .
lo scans around his area for his drink .
` ` well , lily and i were twelve and her father left us in the museum area . ''
i rest my arm on the frame , my eyes darting around the dimly lit area that 's filled with marked boxes , racks of clothes , and clear plastic tubs .
after paying the cab , a tense elevator ride , and a short walk down the hall , we wait in a small area that looks more like a modern living room : glass bookshelves and light streaming through long windows .
the floors are concrete , but in the living area , he has a nice cream rug that sadie apparently loves .
an engulfing rock fountain swamps one circular alcove where a pool - side bar lies , but we 're a good distance from that mobbed area .
i just nod , and then my eyes drift to ryke who walks back towards our area with an aluminum foil wrapped taco .
* * * the remixed rap song bleeds into the crowded area , swimsuit - clad college students pumping their fists in the air and chugging vodka straight from water bottles .
he grabs my hand and leads me through the congested area that 's teaming with bodies .
the front area is sectioned with a small kitchenette for pastries and coffee .
either way , i disentangle myself from him and the mobs of models in the dance area .
ryke edges forward into the ` ` fighting area '' and places a hand on daisy 's shoulder .
we push our way out towards the kitchen area , able to breathe in the open air .
i shut the door behind me as i enter the lounge area , which is filled with buttoned couches , a mini - bar , and a couple queen - style chairs .
* * * while the girls are given a brief tour of the yacht by the chief steward , ryke and i find the lounge area with a shady overhang .
a few meander over to our lounge area and plop on seats around ryke and me .
i ' m afraid of seeing the mob of girls swarm the deck area and prod for more details about my sex life .
a flurry of activity was already underway when they found the dressing area .
she walked off the court and back over to the front desk area .
fifteen minutes later , when chyna was secure in marco 's new creation , she made it to the backstage area .
` ` oh , i will , '' she said , winking at him as she dripped across the concrete floor back to the changing area .
` ` here you are , '' she said , allowing them access to the bar area .
the perimeter had cushioned alcoves with curtains that closed around the area , allowing a bit more privacy .
as they exited the enclave , trey laughed and closed the burgundy curtain to their area .
as soon as chyna made it up to the vip area in her favorite club , she took her dark ray - bans off and pulled her long black hair down from the loose ponytail at the base of her neck .
they followed her down the hallway and into the back area of the boutique .
she turned down the hallway toward the family court area and took a seat outside .
` ` lexi , '' someone called as they veered away from the groundbreaking area .
two giant staircases led up to a bridge that overlooked the fountain area .
they walked up a small flight of stairs to the landing area where adam and john waited .
my apartment , or rather tiny room , combines a bedroom , bathroom , and kitchen into one open area .
there 's no space for a real painting area , but i make do .
neon lights strobe above the room , illuminating certain areas and casting others into darkness .
the seven steps simply raise the vip area above the rest of the club so that we 're on an exclusive level .
i twist toward the noise , forcing hudson 's hand from my back on accident , and spot a house dj spinning on a stage a few feet away from the vip area .
after we all check out the dj , hudson leads the group to a table in the center of the vip area .
charley looked up and i nodded to her , asking if she wanted to leave the vip area .
bella and i take a seat in collapsible metal chairs near the crew area so that we do n't interrupt the current shots taking place even more .
the backstage area there was actually underground , but the crowd passed by just next to them in the tunnel that spanned the length of the street circle , opening up in the middle to where the stage was set up .
the crowd leading up to the area where they were playing was packed tight , and when she insisted to the guards near the tunnel that she knew the lead guitarist for wilder side , they shook their heads and pretended not to know any english , pointing out to the general audience instead .
we 're sitting in the dining area of the suite .
marina does n't bother ringing the doorbell , and we walk inside to find the living area empty .
` ` please make your way to the bus loading area , '' it said , calm and smooth .
logan examined the ceiling as they walked , steering them clear of what seemed to be more dangerous areas .
bronte stared at the door to the back room , then pushed it open , entering the main sitting area of the small coffee shop .
there were even white couches in the ` ` living room '' area , offset by dark teakwood furniture accompanying it .
bronte moved to the small kitchen area , looking for bottled water to soothe her dry throat .
` ` this desk has been designated for your work area . ''
she crept into the living room area and paused .
audrey had expected to see reese in the kitchen , or hovering in the area , but he was nowhere to be found .
he yawned , wearing a pair of cade 's sleep pants that were about three inches too short for him , and headed for the twins in the kitchen area , grinning .
as soon as daphne left the dining area , audrey scooped a bit of cereal onto her spoon and launched it at reese .
he had n't yet started his workout , so he detoured from the gym area where he 'd been headed and made a beeline toward the pool .
after luke left , will pushed open the door to the pool area and was instantly hit by the pungent smell of chlorine .
when she 'd originally agreed to take on a part - time job doing day - care duties at the community center gym , she figured she 'd hide out in the day - care room while the rest of the hard bodies got their groove on in the workout areas .
he looked over in the seating area .
from the nail room , i ventured to the hair and makeup area of the salon and knew this is where the true makeover would occur .
evie and i put our things on jess ' bed and then went back out to the living area and sat on the couch opposite from meg .
no more texts about you showering though , sweet dreams unable to withhold my excitement over mine and dylan 's back and forth texts , i squealed as i ran across the living area to evie 's bedroom .
it did n't take long for me to find the back of meg 's platinum blonde pixie cut hair across the waiting area , standing at the bar .
dylan walked us to an area of the deck railing that was unoccupied .
i marched out of my room and across the living area to hers .
bars lined the two walls to my left and right ; a good - sized stage was centered against the back wall ; the main area was filled with tables and chairs with the exception of the small open space directly in front of the stage that was currently being used as a dance floor ; there was a door leading to what looked like a hallway on one side of the room ; and there were several pool tables set off to the other side .
feeling silly for actually looking around for a guy , i decided to do an inventory of the people in the pool area , maybe finding some other possibilities for the bb challenge .
he asked pointing to the area where his friends sat .
i lifted my eyebrows at her and tilted my head towards the area where mason 's tables were .
as i waited for mason and jobu 's rum to take the stage , i found myself scanning the pool table area to see if mason was right , that ash had stayed .
mason followed me into the living room area of the suite .
` ` we each have our own bathroom and then , obviously we have our common area and kitchenette here .
a sound out in the main living area startled me , so before i had time to mentally address the other messages and let ash know that i was fine and that he could call off the search - and - rescue mission , i went to investigate .
a few moments later i heard my bedroom door open and close , followed by voices in the living area and the closing of the main door .
i looked around for his car as we approached the visitor parking area , but did n't see it .
we said goodbye and ventured into the main area .
after several minutes , we finally pulled apart and i led him to the sofa in the living area .
he pulled a stool from the side of the altar area and sat down , his guitar in his lap .
when she was finished , the announcer introduced the next musician as a guy at the back of the stage area began walking forward .
i opened the door to the main bar area , and i was stunned to see how many people were there .
i followed ash through the bar area towards the door , weaving in and out of people and tables .
i opened the door and entered the main bar area .
still in shock and disbelief , i stumbled through the main area of the store .
i looked around the living area and dining room but did n't see anything out of the norm .
after getting our luggage from baggage claim , we went to meet ash 's sister in the pick - up area .
i stumbled out into the living area where cruz was playing video games and eating some cereal .
i walked over and sat my bag on a large chair in a lounge area in order to call cruz when i felt two strong arms wrap around me from behind .
i realized i was on the couch in the living area of the hotel suite , and the events of the previous evening flooded my memory .
the end of the flight came quickly and after collecting our luggage at the baggage claim area , i thanked heather for the company and wished her well .
the woman sitting behind the main desk looked up and smiled brightly as i entered the lobby area hesitantly .
when she made her way to the french doors in the back of the cabin , she opened them and found the back porch decked out with a hot tub and posh sitting area that had breathtaking views of the lake .
with no destination in mind , i started the engine and pulled out of the parking area and just drove .
the living room area of the suite was decorated in gray , white , and a muted purple , and combined with the soft lighting and ceiling adorned in crystals , it truly felt like i was inside an amethyst .
~ butterfly not that i should ' ve been surprised at that point , but the pool area was just as breathtaking as the rest of the resort .
as we walked into the house , we came right into an eating area .
both sides of the gazebo had seating areas .
courtney said as we walked around the reception area .
audrey and ray laughed like little kids before agreeing and running off toward the ice skating area .
i could see audrey and ray lacing up their skates at the edge of the skating area , the two of them laughing and joking like lovestruck teenagers .
they had placed colored lights around the skating areas , making the ice and snow shimmer like a fairy land .
we had arrived at the x - ray area , so she helped me sit up and slide onto the table in the center of the room .
we walked into a small cafe area just inside the doors on the large wraparound porch .
i followed regina through an area that looked like the lobby of a five - star hotel .
` ` this way , '' he said as we walked past a tall , marble fireplace and white leather - tufted sofas that set off a seating area .
i showed the airline worker my ticket and glanced up at the television screen in the terminal waiting area while she checked my passport .
his area takes up much more space .
the front reception area is done in black and gray .
he is still laughing when we walk into the reception area and i sign in .
unlocking the door quickly , i walk into the back break room , kitchen area , with my phone still in front of my face .
i set the mug down quietly , and with a deep breath , turn to face the door leading into the open reception area .
both sitting areas have a gray coffee table with various piles of crap magazines on them .
` ` you 'll be in and out in a jiff , hon , '' he said , motioning to someone inside the office area .
morrison asked , weaving towards the bar area set up on sawyer 's mom 's italian buffet .
if i was lucky , i could dodge in and dodge out with my books so i could study down in the commons area .
he plopped into the first chair he came upon in the commons area .
he hollered , resisting the guards as they tried to remove him from the security area .
as i powered toward the baggage claim area , i had to remind myself to walk , not run .
rushing behind the counter , jude inspected the area .
she crossed the bustling backstage area , doing her best to stay out of the way of the working roadies .
figuring this was the area simon had been gesturing to , she headed about halfway down and then knocked on the door that mirrored his .
he stepped further into the backstage area , looked left and right .
grabbing a clean t - shirt from the stash they kept in one of the bathroom cabinets , he headed for the front of the bus , making damn sure to avoid the area where jamison was sleeping with the others .
peter walks into a little kitchen off the living area and starts the coffee .
tenerria walks into the dining area , her demeanor all business .
we 're hanging out at the waitress station near the bar , out of sight of the few customers who still linger in the dining area .
heading toward the back , i go to clock in and see jen 's already hanging out in the small employee longue area , sipping on a starbucks frap and watching me .
an idea comes over me so perfect i stride back into the living area , excited to tell her .
as if he 's lurking behind his bedroom door just waiting to bust out , he enters the living area , stopping short when he sees the two of us sitting so closely together .
i punched in , being sure to avoid the office area before i donned my apron and got to the cutting counter .
only furniture separated the living room from the kitchen and dining area .
he handed it over and followed me to the designated smoking area outside the building .
over the years kyle and i had turned the spot into a clubhouse of kinds , weaving branches together and old boards and pieces of tin from the junkyard around the thick trunk so that we had an enclosed area .
the stripper sisters saunter to one of the lounging areas and whisper back and forth to each other .
i continue to scan the area , hoping her face will appear in the crowd .
at the end of the hallway there 's a reception area with an empty desk and a closed door with a gold plaque .
i laugh loudly and try to keep up with his long strides as he leads us away from the pool area , through the casino , and to his car .
fin looked around the living area , searching out ryan and not seeing him .
shifting backwards , she sat down on the little button leather couch in the dressing room area .
audrey and ray laughed like little kids before agreeing and running off towards the ice skating area .
they had placed colored lights around the skating areas , making the ice and snow light up like a fairy land .
the waiting area was full of patients waiting to be seen .
she stuffed her work clothes in a to - go bag and walked through the kitchen door into the main dining area .
at least this area was well - lit , and people were still milling around outside of the house of blues .
devon paid the cover charge and walked into the main seating area .
it had plenty of space for hanging out on the deck , and it also had a cabin area with a small kitchen and dining room as well as a door that led to an even smaller bedroom with a double bed taking up the majority of the room .
it was nice enough with a small living area and a king - size bed .
chapter 5 the cab pulled around to the garage area .
she headed to the kitchen area and asked me if i wanted some wine .
my mom had a play area set up for the smaller children and then games were set up down on the beach for the older kids and adults .
he laughed and backed up in the direction of the dining area .
his eyes searched the dining area and landed on me just as he began the first chorus of ` ` i 'll be . ''
i abruptly stopped talking and stood there with two glasses in my hands just staring at the wall that separated us from the area that held the stage .
what felt like an eternity of trying to hide my embarrassment later , he finally slid me back onto the seat and pulled out of the parking area .
jesse began making the last two drinks sitting on the bar and i purposefully took my time cleaning and restocking the area so i could watch to see if there was anything i could pick out that he could change to help on his times .
according to the investigators , the fire started in the bar area , which was n't a surprise .
by the time that was done , i was sweating and dirty and gross but had managed to clear off a decent - sized area .
dean stomped off to the middle of the small area that i 'd cleared and dug his heel down in the center .
i got to my feet and approached the small area designated as ' judgment . '
the next team picked the cookies , and a collective sigh was heard around the challenge area as they took blissful bites out of them .
i followed it into the large living room area of the tiny house .
the bungalow seemed to be built with a very open layout - one half of the entire house was the living room area , and a long , low table overflowed with food .
after teams were selected , we moved to the designated playing area .
in the background , i could hear the others leaving the council area , and i felt a pang of loss as i stared at the empty darkness ahead of me .
let me know when you 're ready to start on the tapes and i 'll show you the area we ' ve set up for your viewing room . ''
he flirted with her , teased her , brought her snacks , and pulled her into his lap when the seating area got full .
camera crews swarmed the area , filming as we tromped down the steps of the airplane and crossed the snowy tarmac .
ten igloos were set up in a line , and cameramen dotted the area .
i clutched the disk to my chest , scanning the competition area .
the first temple we passed was the temple of apollo , and we could see the challenge areas set up .
at the sight of a computer in the main area , liam glanced over at me .
he put an arm around my waist as we headed to the curtained staging area .
i said to ty triumphantly as we skated off the ice and into the production area .
we headed to the changing area , and ty put his hand on the small of my back to guide me through the sea of people moving around us , still moving frantically since the show was still on .
i glanced around the surging backstage area .
i noticed ty put his hand at the small of my back again , leading me to the front of the line and bypassing the cordoned area .
` ` you 're on in ten seconds , '' the assistant murmured to us as we stood in the waiting area .
my jaw clenched , i gave another cheerful wave to the audience as we skated away and stepped off back at the curtained staging area .
as soon as we made it back to the curtained staging area , i buried my head in my hands and began to cry .
ignoring the sour pit of my stomach , i headed to the back and the costume - fitting area .
as soon as we got to the curtained area , i grabbed the hem of my skirt and began to dab at ty 's mouth .
the majority of the backyard had been converted into a challenge area and roped off .
i studied the roped - off challenge area instead .
he grabbed katy 's hand and pulled her forward , and they went under the cordoned rope , moving out into the challenge area .
liam , please proceed to the far end of the challenge area .
the challenge area went silent for a long moment , and we all stared at each other .
the others were nowhere around , likely outside trying to get some sun at the pool or smoking in the designated area .
` ` i hid this in one of the flower pots in the smoking area . ''
i had n't seen katy or liam head down to the smoking area , so i guessed they did n't smoke .
` ` house guests , please proceed to the challenge area for this week 's power play . ''
we filed out into the backyard , and i was shocked at how the challenge area had been transformed .
the entire roped off area had been raised up , and it looked as if it had been filled in with dirt so the ground was at least two feet higher than it normally was .
i thought about taping it , but my recorder was being put to better use in the flower pot of the smoking area .
the showers were an off - limits area amongst the house guests .
please head to the main living area to receive your costumes and then proceed to the challenge area outside . ''
please head to the main living area to receive your costumes and then proceed to the challenge area outside . ''
waddling in the overstuffed green costumes , we headed out to the challenge area .
we lined up , and i eyed the challenge area with interest .
i had n't even realized that they 'd been out in the back yard , working on the challenge area .
beyond that , the challenge area had been transformed into a swampy obstacle course .
vines dangled from prop trees on the sidelines , and fog machines made a thick mist roll through the area .
the challenge area had been filled knee high with liquid , and calling it ' water ' was being kind .
when casper cut through the living room to head out back to the smoking area , i saw my chance .
he was sitting in the smoking area , which was where i liked to hide my tape recorder .
on top of that were the drunken hoots and catcalls coming from the kitchen area as the ' winners ' of the reward challenge played every drinking game known to mankind and tried to pickle their livers .
surely the smoking area would be deserted ?
jayme gestured at the large game wheel in the center of the challenge area and continued to read .
on the far end of the challenge area , neat colored boxes were lined up on tables .
five horrible minutes later , we 'd both puked out guts out , rinsed our mouths , and returned to the challenge area .
` ` makeover booths have been set up in the back of the challenge area .
the three of us raced for the booths at the far end of the challenge area .
` ` it 's easy , because all you have to do is tear off all your clothes and streak across the challenge area nak*d . it 's difficult , because it involves being nak*d !
` ` all contestants please proceed to the challenge area for your final reward challenge of the season ! ''
we headed to the challenge area that had been roped off and curtained .
he put down the card and grabbed the cord to the immense challenge - area curtain , dragging it backward and revealing the challenge area .
he put down the card and grabbed the cord to the immense challenge - area curtain , dragging it backward and revealing the challenge area .
we raced across the challenge area and stumbled our way into the pool .
when we deposited the ' brain ' balls in a bucket at his feet , we headed back to the starting area .
i was still in a daze when we all went out to the challenge area , and the next power play started .
the bathroom for the rest of the rooms in this spooky house were more like gym bathrooms in that they were intended for multiple users , and thus the common area was fair game for filming .
brodie returned to the living area and thumped down onto the couch next to me .
` ` please proceed to the challenge area for the final power play . ''
irritated as hell , i followed him out into the backyard , and we headed for the challenge area .
the challenge area was completely curtained off , but i could make out a faint sort of noise .
there was a bench set up on the far end of the challenge area for non - participants ; someone must have guessed that not all of us would be able to suck it up and participate .
the smoker 's couches that were set up on a corner of the porch were far enough away from the challenge area , so i headed there and lay down , curled up on my side as i waited .
he raced out of the challenge area and dove straight for the pool , ripping off his clothes .
we were ushered to the back of the staging area and given instructions .
i waved back and walked across the balcony and down the stairs towards the open concept kitchen , lounge , and dining area .
i followed coby up the inside stairs and into a plush carpeted reception area via a side door .
chapter twelve we were smack bang inside the heart of the sydney police centre , sitting in the designated waiting area .
because jimmy was still at large , apparently he was some sort of super villain with the special power of invisibility , jared and peter had accompanied us and were waiting out in the lounge area while the five of us stood in the dressing room getting ready .
gary arrived and started walking us to our backstage area .
soon after , a strong muscled pair of arms encircled me from behind , lifted me up to the cheers of the crowd , and walked me over to the back area of the stage .
i followed it through a huge rectangular archway on my left and into a big open area .
he wanted to open up the downstairs area into a huge dining and living area with bi - folding doors to a back deck .
he wanted to open up the downstairs area into a huge dining and living area with bi - folding doors to a back deck .
my eyes scanned the whole area of the house but nowhere seemed to fit the bill of what i needed .
the room was large and opened towards a dining area filled with a timber table that could seat eight people .
i turned from my perusal of the downstairs area to face the woman striding confidently towards me .
mac pulled two bottles of water from the fridge before leading me through the downstairs area to an outdoor deck made up of thick timber planks .
at the last minute i opted for the dining area and shrieked when travis lunged for me and missed by a millimetre .
dressed in a shimmery floor length gold number , she said hello to casey and vince before sweeping her gaze around the private function area .
luka led me through the front door , down an entryway , towards an open style living , dining and kitchen area at the back .
` ` oh god , '' i moaned when we stepped through to the dining area .
if not for the guests milling about the waiting area , i was certain kimono girl would have flipped me off or tried scratching my eyes out .
a bar area was set up at each end of the room .
since i 'd left miami in such a rush , i did n't have a suitcase to be carted up , so after dropping my purse and briefcase on the hall table , i wandered into the sitting area .
javier has gunmen everywhere , but i ' ve always found them rather dense and lacking in the guard - the - compound - from - escapees area because rarely does anyone try to escape .
a large swath of light from the post covers the space between me and the area of the gate that i need to get to .
making my way through more bodies and debris scattered about the small area , this time i ' m too afraid of the two still alive in the room to let myself notice the dead eyes staring up at me from the floor .
when i find it , i ca n't do anything but stare at the black - haired woman as she stands outside the area where ' ten bodies were found shot to death earlier this morning ' , and the rest of what she says fades into the back of my mind .
and i follow him out again , through the room with the piano and back into the living room area .
the entrances to other areas of the building .
large windows are set along the top of the wall on the back side of the building , covered by a thick layer of dust , but allowing enough sunlight to spill into the area making it appear overcast .
i walk around the rock fireplace and toward the back where the area splits off into two directions .
i start to head left when i spot andre costa sitting at a table in a dark corner of the dead - end area , flanked by girls on either side of him and two other men , all enjoying drinks and conversation .
fredrik takes amelia carefully by the elbow and walks with her into the den area .
a nice hot tub and patio area .
i ' m about to explain , but brett tries to maneuver his camera through the door frame to capture a view of the bedroom - an area off - limits from filming .
from here , we can see our guys over in the vip roped area , a balcony above us .
a bright yellow vase on the mantle , and a colorful painting in the living area , just splashes of color here and there , all of the neutral bringing that color out more vividly .
the bathroom was at the back , past the pool and darts area , behind a section with some small round tables .
there was no overhead lighting in this area , so i flipped on a lamp to my right , and then left him to turn on another beside my bed .
i grabbed him by his black , skull - print bow tie , and pulled him toward the area where our instruments were set up .
i carried both of our bags off the plane , and max was quiet as we left the terminal for the arrivals area .
as i headed into the grandstand area , i tried not to over think the ticket issue .
it looked like most of the grandstand area was general seating , but my ticket had a seat number listed .
maybe i was heading into an ` ` off limits '' area , but since no one stopped me , i kept going .
when jax and i were searching the art rooms in a crazed state earlier , praying we 'd unveil some extra pieces i could display , he 'd found it stuffed into the back of my storage area in the oil studio .
i waved my finger in the general bar area .
i smiled as we walked over to the area .
lily looked at me with sad and disappointed eyes as she got up from the table and walked into the kitchen area .
i took in a deep breath before walking into the living area and facing my mother for the first time in over a year .
she was answering the phone , handling the people milling about the waiting area and pointing perspective clients in the directions of the appropriate portfolios .
i set up the recording area and leafed through the list of songs the guys in black market alphas dropped off .
i let out a scream that bounced off the walls , and picked up the only furniture left in the place and hurled it through the glass that surrounded the recording area .
that made me snicker and before i knew it , we were pulling into the passenger drop - off area and we had to say good - bye .
i followed his gaze past the area where her cousin and friends were last time , to the wall over by the stage .
he shoved me toward the soap littered area .
i obeyed , striding through the over grown conservatory until we stopped in a small seating area next to a large pond , with a gentle waterfall .
wildflowers , bonsai , and fully grown fruit trees ringed the roof , shading little sitting areas and water features .
the large open plan living areas were filled with sleek furniture that was comfortable looking .
do n't need a woman and do n't wan na keep one if this is any indication of what you got ta go through for a piece of tail , '' he said , nodding toward the large area i was working on .
the strong smell of antiseptic assaulted me as another woman was called in from the waiting area .
plus , when i staggered into the main area of the basement , chrissy immediately assaulted me .
jay was in the main area of the basement , installed in front of a computer .
hannah tidied around the kitchen area , wiping down the counter and piling empty bottles into a bag .
i stopped where i was , standing at the edge of the kitchen area , and hannah resumed emptying bottles into the sink .
the basement was fully finished with its own bedroom , kitchenette , full bath , and tv area .
he walks over to the kitchen area and digs around in the cupboards , hunting for shot glasses .
when we reach the tent area , quinton insists that we need to try out the ones on display in order to know which one is the best to buy .
dear sleepyhead , once you wake your lazy ass up , meet us out in the tent area .
ultimately we break free from the chaos and step out into the mellower tent area .
my eyes drift around our little area .
it makes a lot people angry , and by the time we reach the tent area we ' ve been yelled at a lot .
we sprint out of the tent area and dive into the madness going on in the field , where people are covered in mud , sitting in it , dancing in it , throwing it at each other .
tristan roams off toward the truck area .
i stumble onto the tent area , dodging around the people , and pushing my way through the crowd .
beyond the staircase on the ground floor was just wide open space - a massive sitting area with floor - to - ceiling glass windows covering one wall , and at the very end of the room a stylish kitchen with an island , breakfast bar , and a dining table and chairs .
beyond the security gates at the main entrance of the library was an area around the staircase that students had taken to using as a hangout .
the object of my crush had made an appearance at the library , and as soon as i saw his blond head bobbing through the main reception area , i scurried into the admin office and persuaded my colleague rachel that , yes , i would , in fact , prefer updating the web site html and answering e - mail complaints instead of hanging out at the fun help desk .
someone yelled from the dugout area , but jack waved them off with his glove hand .
after washing my hands , i hurried into the living area and found my bottle of water .
` ` okay , i ' m here , '' he huffed out , the smell of his cologne filling the kitchen area as i silently thanked the pregnancy gods for not making it nauseate me .
half - tempted to hop into our plane 's cockpit and fly myself back home , i paced the area of the private lounge instead .
when you get a chance to give your internet crush a blindingly - good night of sex at a rest area , you do n't hurry or skimp .
lavender and eucalyptus were my favorite scents , sprinkled liberally throughout my little home , wafting through my senses as he explored me with hands and mouth and ragged breaths that spoke a language so different from what we 'd said to each other even at the rest area .
i found a park bench right across from the loading area and i just watched people , mostly families with small kids in strollers coming in , but occasionally a group of tourists speaking animatedly in another language .
the crowd came out onto the patio and she pointed to a semi - stage area for us where we would be under the pergola and yet in full view of the whole crowd as they gathered round to watch .
two men came into the area 's open seating area chatting , and their deep voices carried to lexi .
two men came into the area 's open seating area chatting , and their deep voices carried to lexi .
biker boy chose a seat on the opposite side of the waiting area , where he leaned forward , forearms on thighs , gaze on his open magazine .
they slowed to a trot as they neared the edges of the filming area .
another lick of excitement burned lexi 's chest as they walked to the fabric storage area .
she smiled , took his hand , and walked to a small area alongside the band .
he kept an arm around her waist well after they 'd cleared the dance area .
more marble floored the area , housing a piece of ornate pottery filled with plants .
the young woman in the chair stood and started toward her dressing area .
jax stopped her again before they reached the area where photographers crawled over the space .
the reception area is manned by an attractive older woman , one whose stern look says she could take on the devil and win - and probably already has .
because as i walk into the small area of cubbies assigned to the interns , i realize just how much things have changed in the course of one morning .
when the elevator finally opens on the fifth floor , i expect to find the reception area dark and empty .
i end up walking through another reception area , with another desk that obviously belongs to ethan 's personal assistant , at least judging by the nameplate on the desk .
right past the reception area is the door to a huge office , one whose lush furnishings make both reception areas look tiny and ill - styled .
right past the reception area is the door to a huge office , one whose lush furnishings make both reception areas look tiny and ill - styled .
so i choose the indigo couch that 's toward the back of the room , grouped with a couple of chairs into a relaxing sitting area .
then , taking a firm - but not too firm - grip on my elbow , he guides me out of his office and through the two reception areas to the bank of elevators .
i take it as he leads us past the area where we usually sit on the veranda overlooking the water .
the cop that brought me in escorted me out of that area and into the back .
` ` changing area is over there .
if he got partnership , they 'd move him to the penthouse , with floor - to - ceiling windows , a wet bar , and a private bathroom / changing area .
the high ceilings and loftlike atmosphere pegged the trendy tribeca area , but slade kept it simple and masculine .
this room has a much warmer feel than the waiting area at the front .
i nod and go to the waiting area .
when i find her , she 's in the storage area sorting through old backdrops .
inside the five hundred square foot apartment is a small living and kitchen area , a bathroom complete with tub and a platform library loft that houses the bedroom .
i could hear their soft giggling from cherry 's closet / dining area .
she dragged me to her little vanity area in her dining room and sat me in the velvet cushioned stool .
` ` come on , '' she said , grabbing our hands and leading us to the ' reception area ' .
just make sure you always stay in a crowded area but where i can find you . ''
we walked in silence through security and all the way to the plane and sat on opposite sides of our gate 's seating area .
i pointed to a lounge area where a few people were already mingling about and we sat .
i looked around and behind the register and noticed the phone was setting on a small area behind that .
that was a processing area .
i fixed my posture and looked toward the stage area as the band was readying to play .
there are a few seating areas with scattered sofas and tables .
her gaze flicks over my shoulder , and i turn in place to see my mother watching from the doorway to the foyer area .
i wend my way through the backstage area , ascend the three small steps to the stage , and stand behind the curtain .
i finish my stage set and retreat to the backstage area to re - gather my nerves .
there 's an island in the center with a marble countertop , and an actual sitting area complete with a deep leather chair .
i go around to the side , to the door that leads to the backstage area and the dressing rooms .
there are all sorts of weight machines in one corner , a punching bag hanging from the ceiling , one of those big , heavy ones you kick and punch , and then an area of open space .
and then people in the waiting area around my gate stand up and start gathering around the counter that funnels into the boarding tube .
everyone laughs at him , and then he 's sweeping me off - stage and into the darkness of the back - stage area .
when we 're both presentable , he leads me out and back into the foyer area , which is bustling with reporters and men and women with cameras and microphones .
sylvie scoffed and walked through the doors into what resembled a dimly lit reception area , leaving me behind smiling .
sylvie and i were n't wearing jackets , but we paid the cover charge and our hands were stamped , and then we entered the actual club area .
` ` what about we retreat to the vip area and no one picks the song ? ''
above us i could see the staircase leading to the darkened vip area ; to our right was what looked like a dj booth .
* * * clarkson pulled the car into a visitor spot in the hospital 's parking area , and we headed for the pretty yet inconspicuous building .
i beamed at her and dragged her through the glass doors into the marble floor reception area .
soft voices and the noise of cutlery carried over from what i assumed was the kitchen area somewhere below us , but apart from that nothing really stirred .
only once i was inside the reception area did i dare stop and take a deep breath , searching for him across the street , but the car had already sped off .
there were three sunbathing areas forward , aft and alongside the steering console of the cockpit .
he walked over to the navigation area and returned with a white box then handed it to me , his hands touching mine .
i scanned the kitchen area .
i walked to the baggage claim area and after a few minutes of waiting , saw him walking in a crowd of people .
i grabbed his lifeless hand before a female emt could begin to remove me from the area again .
my stomach churned at the thought of witnessing the last scene in the dining area .
his eyes look red under the lights as we make our way up the hallway toward the elevators located next to the lounging area .
callie disappears between a row of cars in the parking lot and luke limps off toward the back area of the school .
he leads the way around the treadmills to the back area where mats are set up .
rolling my eyes , i enter the club where a bouncer with snake tattoos on his muscular arms and a scar on his lip blocks the path to the table area .
` ` please hurry , '' lila says pressingly and trudges after naomi toward the back area .
i say , stumbling to keep up with her as she tows me around the corner of the brick restaurant and into the smoking area .
there is a narrow dining area between the kitchen and the living room .
he shuts the door and walks up the sidewalk , putting a cigarette into his mouth as he joins the people in the smoking area .
she takes his hand and they walk to the elevator area in the corner of the lobby .
edging around him , i drop down into a chair in the seating area near the computer station .
she narrows her eyes and stomps off toward the seating area with her arms crossed as she sinks down at the end of the bench .
the front of the area is decorated with purple flowers and the main aisle is lined with black and purple ribbons .
he smiles at me as we enter into the canopy where purple and black ribbons hang from the ceiling , lights sparkle along the walls , and rows and rows of violets decorate the front area .
collecting my bags , i line up with my boarding pass in my hand as he saunters off toward the gift shop area with his bag over his shoulder .
tossing my empty coffee cup into the trashcan , i head for the lookout area , which is blocked off by bars .
after the nurse asks us to leave , i sit in the waiting area and micha 's dad seats himself across from me .
when i reach the psychiatry services area , it feels like an invisible hand winds around my neck and strangles me .
i collect my thoughts about how i might end up in a place like this and i return to the front desk area .
even though it nearly kills me , i leave the table and head for the backstage area to collect my guitar .
we picked out a one - bedroom apartment in a decent area .
i glance around at the packed tables , the dancers , and the crowded bar area .
i nod , trying not to pout as i stand near the seating area with my suitcase at my feet .
there 's no air conditioning inside the club and there are way too many people in the compacted area .
i picked up some flowers and candles on my way down , hoping to spruce up the dirt area as much as i could .
he says as micha heads off toward the turnout area where the taxi dropped us off .
i ask , glancing back in the direction of where the turnout area is .
after we finish kissing , we swim to the shore and then hike back up to the path that leads to the cliff area we jumped from .
he steers me around the narrow counter area and toward the hallway that leads to his bedroom .
we ignored the door in the garage area and he took me to where wooden steps led up to the porch up top .
the kitchen was loud and boisterous , some of the steam filtering into the dining area , which only had about ten small tables .
i pressed a button for the light - blocking , automatic blinds and they withdrew , leaving us a view of the pool area and the impossibly glassy hotel next door .
there was a private sitting area at the very back with a spiral staircase that led down to an office and javier 's gigantic owner 's bedroom .
the area i was in ended about mid - ship , which meant the crew 's quarters were at the front of the ship and had a separate entrance .
i cautiously climbed the stairs until i recognized i was on the second deck , the main living area .
i turned my attention to the large cockpit , at the military - esque row of the glowing radar screens , gps and weather charting systems at his fingertips , at the sofa and chairs in the open area behind me , another fantastic viewpoint .
i had been sitting in the ` ` theatre lounge '' area , hiding out from the relentless sun and trying to occupy my frazzled mind with books .
i walked into a small sitting area and a kitchen that faced a porch through two french doors .
he dipped his chin and then took my hand , leading me out of the bedroom to the living area where raul and peter were .
he was walking down the stairs leading from his private area at the top .
i wanted to go into the courtyard , to the pool area where all the tourists were , but there was too much a chance for ellie to see me and i still did n't know what i 'd do if she did .
i branched out in a small radius from our sleeping area , going around the trees and then around the next ring of trees , always keeping my backpack , which i had placed in the middle of the trees , in my sight .
because the laundry room had access to the back , it would be a high traffic area .
i brought camden into the room and did a quick sweep of the area .
there were night lights lining the hallway which made it better for me , casting the area in a blue glow .
finally we spotted an area where the chain links had been cut .
andrew slips around a corner underneath the vending area sign and comes back with a mountain dew and a bag of chips .
the fluorescent lights in the restroom are duller than the ones in the waiting area .
we stop at the waiting area where a few other people are all sitting around reading magazines .
then i follow andrew over to the area by the pharmacy where all of the vitamins and cold medicines and toothpaste and stuff are .
i fumble my key in the door and open it into the large living room area .
we leave billy frank and walk through the bay and then exit a side door that leads out into a fenced area where cars are kept .
andrew walks me around the bar and into the den area just as a pretty sandy - haired woman comes around the corner from a hallway .
the nurse at the desk types on her keyboard for information and then points me in the right direction where i end up in a waiting room area .
i have n't seen a nurse walk by in a while and i ' m starting to wish i would ' ve stopped the last one i saw before she slipped down the long , sterile fluorescent lit hallway outside the waiting area .
i reluctantly followed the other two women to the dressing area .
we were in our own separate room , filled with mirrors and a comfortable looking chair outside the changing area , a space obviously reserved for exclusive customers .
i walked into the changing area , glancing over my shoulder as she settled into the chair .
he had sauntered up to the wedding area , breezing past the security guards and personal assistants with an easy familiarity .
chapter 3 as the guests filed their way to the reception area , owen continued to walk with me toward the head table .
the bride and groom stood at the entrance to the outdoor reception area , thanking each guest who came in .
i found them in a private area , rachel deep in conversation with a saleswoman .
inside the white building , we walked through the main room to a private dining area .
as the two men conversed , i followed them into a large dining area .
* * * * * two days later i walked into the student union , scanning the area between the bowling lanes and the bar for melissa .
the coach pulled jack aside and escorted him over to the press area where he was besieged by reporters , scouts , and fans .
we use a separate area so we do n't have to deal with fans . ''
sal stood in the kitchen area , waving at me through a pass - through window .
i argued with myself mentally before caving and turning my head to peer inside the bar area .
i stumbled as i tried to keep pace with jack , who was clearly desperate to remove me from the area .
i finished getting ready as jack got dressed and disappeared into the living area .
it 's how people ask me for permission to enter in the private area of the shop .
my mom runs toward me when we walk into the waiting area .
then he leads the boys from the pool area back toward their cabins .
the dining area starts to clear out , and i realize i must have been lamenting over edward 's situation a little too long .
she points over matt 's shoulder , and i see three kids sitting in the waiting area .
he pulls the curtain around the private area .
paul still has his arms wrapped around me when the curtain opens and pete sticks his head into the area .
i peered down at myself and realized i was practically nak*d . shame heated up my face and body and i slid out from under his hold to retrieve my clothing from the main living area .
remain in well - screened or air - conditioned areas when possible .
the living area was at the door .
the little dining area and kitchen were at the back and shared a space with the living .
i watched karina , charles and dingane spill into the tiny dining area set next to the miniscule kitchen , smelled the wonderful aroma of whatever garlic - infused dish karina was cooking and pondered over their simple yet incredibly complicated lives .
` ` i had planned on surprising you all next week but i ' ve arranged for a group in america to come here and build you a new kitchen house , install a new generator , do the odd repair and create a concrete court for the children to play on as well as a play area .
he was n't lying in the common area and that was one more check toward keeping my sanity .
i descended the stairs and inspected the living area as well as the kitchen .
` ` just a moment , '' she said , secreting to some area in the back .
we walked into a large dining area with a long wood table and long benches instead of chairs that could probably sit at least thirty .
she walked to the little sitting room area and plopped down onto a wooden bench , unfolding a magazine so outdated , the cover 's model had decidedly crimped hair and a bright yellow baggy sweatshirt and headband .
i heard a voice ask me from the direction of the little living area .
i entered the bedroom , and i use that term loosely , of the trailer and shut the accordion doors separating me from the living area .
emmett got up to answer and cricket used the opportunity to try and sneak off , but i followed her and caught her in the main living area .
basically , it was three rooms total , a stage area that probably doubled as the cafeteria and two classrooms .
she started walking back toward the stage area .
dozens of tables , in varying sizes and styles , dotted the wooden floor , crammed packed where they could fit , except for a twenty foot area in front of the stage that took up one of the shorter walls .
the backroom was a large storage area , with multiple shelves along one wall , holding boxes of liquor and beer , napkins , salt , pepper and other random bar supplies .
it was a long , narrow rectangle of a building with a small area for the band at the front , a long bar against one wall and tables and chairs occupying the rest of the space .
i waited with other nervous - looking students in the waiting area .
a high - pitched , feminine squeal surged throughout the crowd as his microphone drifted the words over the open area .
jenny and i approached a metal railing fencing off the backstage area from the rest of the populace .
once we were all full of food and music , and enough memories to cement this day into our brains forever , we all met back up at the staging area so the guys could get their instruments .
they did have a special area for band members to exit the park that was n't quite so public , but griffin , being griffin , insisted on heading out the main gate .
kellan playfully pushed my shoulder back , and i sat down on the bed that sagged a little in the spot that was technically the ` ` sitting '' area when it was folded up .
i squeaked in surprise , then looked around the dark area she was leading us to .
instead , she waved her hand around the mammoth backstage area .
kellan tossed my bag on one of the empty tables , then led us through a curtained off area .
lining the walls of this enclosed area , were bunk beds .
as we both stared at the person entering the sleeping area from the other side , where i had to assume the bathrooms were , i quickly refastened my jeans .
kellan shoved the guy 's shoulder , trying to get him to leave the private area we were trying to have a moment in .
the man surrendered under kellan 's force and chuckled as he walked to the other side of the curtained off area .
as we got to the waiting area right beside the stage , i glanced up at the band waving and bowing to the crowd .
kellan pulled me out of the way , back to the backstage area where a group of fans were hanging around , waiting to hang out with the guys .
saying goodbye in the drop - off area , i searched kellan 's face , silently begging him to talk to me , and equally terrified that he would .
laughing at myself , i headed out to the parking area where denny was picking me up .
kellan had tossed them on the half - moon table that we 'd often used as a dumping area for our various car keys when we 'd all lived here together , ages ago .
i burst through the corridor toward the waiting area for visitors .
all of the balcony railings were frosted glass and shiny chrome , and even from the parking area i could tell that the top floor had a pool on its deck .
the way it was set up , it reminded me of a dorm : the main room was the communal gathering area , the door to my left was a free - for - all bathroom , and the five doors along the perimeter of the curved wall were clearly bedrooms .
kellan chuckled to himself while i gathered the rest of my things , then we headed out to the sitting area , where the rest of the band was lounging .
when i got back into the main lounging area , i was expecting to see the other d - bags waiting around to hear what kellan had to say .
hearing the guys in the lounge area , i quickly walked into the bathroom and turned on a faucet so i could cry in peace .
before he headed off to the staging area , i leaned up and gave kellan a soft peck .
a curved couch took up a large portion of the ` ` lounging '' area , and there was a flat screen tv bolted to the wall in front of it , along with a cabinet nearby overflowing with video games .
showcasing every amenity on the bus in a charming accent that made even the drollest words sound sublime , sienna led us to the sleeping area .
i suppose he was more concerned with people trying to get into the backstage area than people leaving it .
creeping past the people still slumbering , i made my way to the lounging area of the bus .
there was a small kitchen area near the bathrooms , with a microwave and a mini - fridge , but that was about it .
a fountain in front highlighted a covered drop - off area paved with what looked like slabs of slate .
holeshot came in first , deacon , david , and ray waving as they made their way to their assigned area along one long wall of the room .
in the prep area behind the stage , there were various lonely instruments in and out of their cases - a guitar here , a microphone there .
an eager man in a suit led us to a private vip area .
the members of holeshot trickled into the lounge area of the bus while griffin was simulating sex with sienna .
as my eyes drifted around the area packed full of witnesses who loved kellan and me , each of whom was holding a flickering candlestick , i was overwhelmed with love .
the backstage area was full of contest winners , diehard groupies , radio personalities , the crew , and members of the bands .
i like that , '' he murmured , just as bev and her boys rounded the corner that led from the garage and into the main living area .
i waved a hand at the area that kind of held the baking supplies .
it was not ideal , being that we did n't even get our own bedrooms , and the living area was small enough to be useless .
face prickling , i look into the living area , imagining the fireplace lit .
` ` if you want to wait up front in the reception area , i 'll come and let you know how dozer is doing as soon as i can , '' penny says .
with a brisk nod , i turn and walk past her toward the reception area .
stairs led to a walled area above the kitchen - bathroom , probably .
we 'd been seated in an empty area ; gary had some understanding with the staff .
i booted the pc in the small office area .
boxes go sliding as i turn my car to get out of the rest area .
the front sits on a hill of green grass with large pine trees that give shade to sitting areas located all around the building .
the whole place looks warm and inviting with sitting areas and cozy nooks to read .
being beaten in new york , then the strange car at the rest area , and now the break - in here .
the second is a plain , bean shaped pool with an area for chairs and a table .
the third is large and has two areas for sunbathing .
it had a jacuzzi that you could get to from inside the pool by walking up a set of stairs , or you could get to it from outside the pool area .
this is a women 's only area , and unless you want me to give you a vag**a , you need to leave . ''
taking another scan of the area , i unfastened my bra and hung it next to my dress before i slid my panties down .
i asked , as we entered a large kitchen and dining area .
it must have been some sort of storage area where the food vendors could stock their stuff because boxes and pallets of food and drink took up almost the entire tent .
he used it to block the aisle completely , just outside of the curtained area , managing to stay behind the curtain completely as he did so .
stephan was waiting in the luxurious waiting area , flanked by a laughing group that consisted mostly of girls .
she led us into another waiting area .
we were escorted back to the refreshment waiting area .
or rather , i thought it was a shortcut , right up until he was yanking me into a small sitting area .
he brought me to one of the doors that led somewhere other than the reception area .
every shade of red was represented in splashy print on the walls , deep red hardwood floors , and red crystal chandeliers over every table and lounge area .
the first room of the establishment was a massive bar area with high ceilings and red marble topping every surface .
we found stephan and javier in one of the larger entertainment areas , playing video games and eating sandwiches .
i was still stewing about it when james emerged from the changing area .
the director approached me as james disappeared into the dressing area .
she just stood outside of the curtained area and waited for me .
he was outside , speaking to frankie and tristan in a private patio area .
one of the living areas near the front of the house had been turned into my bridal party 's prep station .
an area had been cleared of furniture just under the motorized disco ball , which hung dangerously low for some of the taller guys .
making my way into the small , quiet waiting area , i look around .
a bathroom was straight in front of him with the hallway to the medical area on his left , and an unmarked doorway with a key - card access pad to his right .
jackson waited until the scientist was busy and had his back to the mirror before exiting the small observation room and heading back down the hallway to the changing area .
with a slight grunt , jackson forced the door open , nearly tumbling into the empty experimentation area .
she had thought he was still looking at the computers in the observation area .
thick white flakes blew in as he stepped up into the van 's cargo area with chloe and shut the door behind him .
she just needed a work area and a bed .
the bar area was dark and atmospheric despite the early hour ... and deserted .
he headed in and , on autopilot , found his body directing him to the changing area where he would put on scrubs and turn into a doctor , morphing from a human being to someone who was supposed to be both humble and god - like ; know everything but be flexible when a patient had an idea that he had never heard of ; be proficient at paperwork and yet drop everything the second a medical emergency came up ; have outstanding social skills and yet know when to keep his mouth shut ; be gloriously ecstatic for a family when the birth of a healthy little baby came to fruition after a long labor - and be respectfully mournful when it did n't .
entering the elevator after backtracking a bit from the changing area , he pushed the button for the maternity ward and then realized that he was going to the postpartum wing , furiously pressing a different number as he shook his head .
once she 'd transferred to the boston area , she 'd been able to breathe for the first time , a giant exhale of victory .
a partial wall formed a counter for two bar stools , leaving a full view of the cooking area .
a few empty salad containers littered the area .
` ` we need to get office space - nothing big , maybe a waiting area , two or three small offices and access to a bathroom and an elevator .
our dorm was having its first meeting that night and we were all supposed to meet in the lounge area in the lobby at 8:00 .
chapter fifteen that following friday was fall festival and jonathan 's band , sonic blaze , was playing in the gym , which was huge , and i was really excited because a dance floor area was being set up .
when we got inside the area where you rent skates , jonathan 's parents and his aunt lauren and uncle jake were already there .
her boyfriend , who is super hot by the way , showed up at the skating rink and when her dad saw him he came rushing out of the recreation area and yelled at the guy across the rink . ''
while scanning the area to make sure she was n't forgetting anything , she noticed something on one of the monitors : a door to one of the administrative offices was open .
she would have gone out into the main area , but she did n't want to talk to the clerk .
a quick look around the dining area revealed a collection of new york 's wealthiest and visiting famous .
all five of them sat in one main area , facing each other .
nick looked over at julia and opened his mouth to say something more , but luke took him by the arm and guided him away from the bar to the small kitchen area near the front of the plane .
gio flipped a switch in one of the closets , but the area remained dark .
well into their twenties , they still wrecked cars , slept with each other 's boyfriends , and partied in vip areas where they could do as they pleased without the prying eyes of the public .
nick waved at the area below his desk .
the woman in the next area glared at her .
she looked down at the paper clips strewn around the area behind her desk .
without waiting for a response , maddy linked arms with tara and led her through the restaurant to a private area where max was seated at a small table .
all of the gowns that we preselected for you are in the dressing area .
the vip area , where i tried to look like i belonged while a few very well - known celebrities passed through , seemed to be a safe place .
industrial lights were set up to illuminate the area being filmed and floor fans were whirling to keep the area cool .
i found an open area of couches and chairs and sat down .
the entire patio area was covered by a wooden pergola roof ; i had tried to train vines to grow up the pillars , but the october winds had dried up most of the leaves .
kelly and i continued our discussion about the grill and bar area .
the front salon was decorated in hues of blue and beige , with two semi - circle sofas dominating the central area .
i walked them into the main bar area and turned on the dimmer lights .
i stepped into the bedroom area of ryan 's trailer .
several customers gasped when ryan walked through the main dining area , and i noticed it was the ladies who immediately recognized him .
we all moved into the family room , and janelle set up a little play area on a blanket on the floor for her daughter .
i sat in the waiting area right outside my gate , not hidden away in some vip lounge .
he was immediately ushered to a carpeted area where the press was waiting .
an older female orderly wheeled me back into the emergency room , returning me to the same little curtain area i was in before .
three steps up lead to the sitting area .
i take two steps into the sitting area , staring at the room .
instead , i follow him across the room with my eyes as he snags a pair of jeans and a black t - shirt out of a suitcase in the corner of the bedroom area .
the floor extends across at least three or four rooms , each room 's balcony made into a separate area by a pair of white , wooden , seven - foot - tall partitions that is part wall and part bench .
he tugs me by the hand out of the small foyer area and into the kitchen .
the door between the waiting area and the exam rooms opens .
there are floor - to - ceiling windows running along one entire wall , a white couch in the living room area facing a tv that has to be at least ninety inches .
shot 's to me was more along the lines of nightclub rather than a bar , with its huge dance floor and lounge areas .
i walked over and sat on one of the black sofas they had in the waiting area and began scrolling through my phone absentmindedly , needing the distraction .
oh boy , to have been in his head when he came into the room and saw two girls just sitting on the couch in his waiting area , hugged up together and staring deeply into each other 's eyes .
i was sitting on one of the lounge chairs in the back of the pool area picking at the pink polish on my nails when i felt a body plop down beside me .
as i was waiting for the elevator , i could hear a few girls laughing in the lounge area around the corner from the elevator bays .
i laugh and shake my head as i start scooping up the chicken poop , which has somehow piled up into little mountains along the inside of their caged area .
we popped into a quieter area with glass walls where a dozen people in white lab coats were doing the finishing work on the cufflinks , tie clips and money holders .
sutton sat on the leather couch in the nearby waiting area and took out her phone .
so i type the url in and click on ` ` bay area , '' while my blonde half - horse , half - dog , trundles on over and parks herself at my feet with a heavy sigh .
we 're in the waiting area and there 's a desk with a desk calendar , a computer and pens , and the aforementioned couch .
steps on each side lead up to another level that wraps the main area so you can stand at the railing and watch the mingling , the dancing , the champagne - drinking , and all the beautiful people below .
she led him to the same secluded area he had sat with emma in before .
not only did it boast a huge four poster bed , a sitting area with a couch , loveseat and chair , but its own fireplace with a furry rug in front of it .
using his back to open the door to the doctor 's lounge , he did his best speed walking down the hallway to the trauma area .
he walked over to the glass doors of the trauma area where a paramedic stood surveying the scene .
he walked down the long hallway before pushing open the button on the mechanical door that led out of the emergency area .
once he finished , pesh went over to the office area of the emergency room .
rose gestured to the sitting area to their right .
the guide exclaimed as he and his companions pulled on the ropes to make sure damen and mairi did n't crash into the roofed area of the speedboat .
walking around his desk , he gestured towards the living area of his office .
i was n't alone for long , because a pair of stylish women approached me as i wandered through the front area , afraid to touch anything .
i took my purse back and continued on my way , to the next holding area , and then on to my plane .
dad , who was drinking an after - dinner coffee at the counter in the kitchen , whistled appreciatively for me , and my mother paced around the sink and stove area , twisting her hands and fidgeting with a tea towel .
nick and kelly sat together in one of the airport lounge areas , waiting for the others to arrive and join them .
he pushed to his feet before he could talk himself out of it , striding to meet kelly and owen as they approached the lounge area .
he stumbled out into the baggage claim area , and nick obviously saw the motion out of the side of his eye because he looked up quickly , flinching like he might be going for his gun .
you 're going to have to answer for some things , including assaulting an officer of the law and discharging a firearm in a public area . ''
the room was crowded , with the bar area customers bleeding into the dining area .
the room was crowded , with the bar area customers bleeding into the dining area .
i traversed the corners and expanses of the living area and bedroom , every step further proof that i was alone .
it dug into my knees and palms as i crawled , naked , into the living area .
i ran through the bedroom , the living room , the dining area , and called through the foyer , ` ` one second ! ''
a single lamp lit the living area , and the first thing i checked was the door between our rooms .
step by backward step , through the living area and into the bedroom .
his plot was terraced into vegetable gardens , private spaces , and a little utility area with a shed .
the staff had already started breaking down , and the area looked inelegant at best .
the floodlights had been removed from the photographers ' area already , making it appear flat and littered .
i spun out of my chair and dashed into the reception area .
the hall outside the bathroom led outside , where a little seating area with ashtrays was blocked off from the parking lot .
two sides were glass , looking over the reception area , and the other two walls were glass , looking out onto wilshire boulevard .
then i felt a whoosh as an area behind me opened up .
aulie pulled into the docking area with a wave .
i just thought you 'd wan na know , uh ... that i ' ve lit the parking area .
a call that , during , john priest had taken it upon himself to go to the big shed that held a bunch of crap , including my little tractor , and cleared the snow from my lane and the parking area .
* * * * * i stood in the middle of the vast , graveled parking area around the cabins and looked around .
i stopped him in the middle of the parking area .
he shoved the key in his pocket as he hauled me through the living room area into the short hall then into the front bedroom .
the gutters were done on all the cabins , cleaned , and the areas that needed replacing were replaced .
each one , if they had security , deacon disabled it with his secret deacon ways before we sat and watched it , waited until the front area was vacant , then he walked in with his bag and dropped it on the reception desk .
i skirted the main area of the restaurant , walked outside and took in huge lung - fulls of crisp , mountain air , coming up with a plan while doing so .
they grew warm and he appeared to be heading to the kitchen - ish area , but switched directions , walking to the bed .
raiden was at the kitchen - ish area wearing cargos , boots and a skintight tee .
i put the frame back where it was , raced across the room to the kitchen - ish area , anxiously searched it and found a coffeepot nearly hidden by boxes and dishes .
i swept the reception area with not mild attention .
the kitchen / dining room and living area was delineated by a red felt pool table .
past that was the living area with a big , comfy - looking sectional accompanied by a massive chair and ottoman and an enormous flat screen tv in an enormous wall unit .
i closed the door , followed her and when i arrived in the bedroom area , i saw she 'd stopped and was examining my zipped up , beat up , leather satchel .
the sunken living room and the elevated areas surrounding it were cluttered with bodies .
this hall led to the living room which was mostly sunken , three steps down to the seating area .
but around its perimeter was an elevated , wide , dark wood - floored area and two sides of the living room were surrounded by floor to ceiling windows .
another hall led off this just as you hit the living room area .
the same rug was in the sunken area that also held an ivory , sweep - lined couch tumbled with black toss pillows and an equally sweep - lined black armchair with ivory toss pillows that had a matching ottoman .
up three steps was another area with a matching but narrow rug that looked made to fit the space .
then i wandered across it and up to the area on the other side that was all windows .
i hit the living room - kitchen area and saw the under the counter lights on in the kitchen and one domed light softly illuminating the sunken living room .
as it got closer and closer , i twisted my neck and watched him appear in the living room - kitchen area and i smiled a secret smile that did n't curve my lips but curved deep inside me .
i heard knight on the phone and i knew he was somewhere in the kitchen - living room area .
i hit the open area and the curved post of my earring slid in .
i wandered down the curving staircase and looked across the open area , it 's snug , paneled nail stations , pedicure lounges and open hair stations with the tall mirrors and lights dangling .
* * * * * the thin , high heels of my ludicrously expensive sandals clicked on the floors of our apartment as i moved through the l - shaped hall toward the living room - kitchen area .
and , at knight 's demand , every week there were new flowers arranged in the two round , black vases in our bedroom , one on the coffee table in the seating area , a smaller one on my nightstand .
there was silence as i felt lash 's presence near the bedroom area .
that was n't lash and my eyes flew to the wide doorway that led to the bedroom area where gray was lounging , shoulder against the jamb , arms crossed , ankles crossed , lean h*ps hitched , eyes on me .
panic , as it does , won out and i made a dash toward the seating area not even knowing why i was doing it but i was caught with an arm around my belly , hauled back into a hard body , walked back swiftly then i was going down .
then he walked into the bedroom area and disappeared into the bathroom .
this meant it had a dining room rather than dining area .
this also meant that it had a study or family room area that was kind of a balcony that opened up over the first floor .
to my right , a big seating area .
to my left , another big seating area that included a big flat screen tv .
then he came right in and i was halfway across the living area when he stopped , sent daggers from his eyes at hap , declared , ` ` you do not exist , '' then his eyes sliced to me .
it was a one - story , two - bedroom adobe with a living room , dining area and huge - ass kitchen .
at the front of it was the dining area , the bulk of the kitchen was beyond a short bar with two barstools in front of it .
i worked until i did n't need to anymore and if tack was n't ready to go or he was n't around and i did n't have my car , one of the boys took me home or i hung in the store , in the office , in the compound common area or outside it with the boys .
i walked into the deserted common area of the compound , an area that looked a lot like a seedy bar except seedier .
i walked into the deserted common area of the compound , an area that looked a lot like a seedy bar except seedier .
` ` red needs a beer , so do i , '' tack announced loudly , claiming my hand thus me again and dragging me into the common area of the compound .
i walked out of my master bath , through my bedroom , down the hall into my open plan living - slash - kitchen - slash - dining area and out the front door .
i stood in my living area in my heels , skirt and blouse from work .
learning from my mistakes , i immediately led him through the living area , down the hall , through my bedroom and to the bathroom .
a long time later , when i was done , i wiped my face , got out of bed , went to my open plan living room - slash - kitchen - slash - dining area and turned out the lights .
i hit the living room - slash - kitchen - slash - dining - area to see a box half full of donuts on the coffee table , empty milk glasses not on coasters , cartoons on the tv .
i had exited the hall and was moving into mitch 's living room - kitchen - dining area when i realized i was wearing nothing but my nightie at the same time i realized that latanya and bray did n't bring over my robe .
then i stomped around the counter , through the living area and right to his room .
mitch called from his living room - slash - kitchen - slash - dining area .
beyond the up and down staircase was another short staircase , this only five steps that led you to an elevated kitchen that had a railing facing the living room then a small dining area then a bar that separated a somewhat compact but modern and relatively luxurious ( for a rental ) kitchen .
` ` tess , '' he said back , i smiled at him and motioned to the seating area .
i hit the public area of my bakery and , as it always did and i hoped it always would , that gave me a tingle too .
i made it through the area without my hands going to my head , fingers clenching my hair and mouth screaming , which i counted as progress .
enormous kitchen to the right with a big area for the dining room table .
i was forced to delay my tirade when meredith hit the entry area at the same time dad did .
there were three offices off the theater area to the left , all but the last one on the top level had floor to ceiling windows that clearly showed what the occupant was doing at all times .
no personal touches there either like there were n't any in the bed area .
a seating area in the middle with a big , wide couch , two recliners on either side , a big flatscreen tv all on a thick rug .
my head turned left and i bit my lip when i saw under the bed platform an area that was definitely hawk 's space .
a tatty , frayed old rug on the floor , so big , it filled the area .
two standing lamps in the seating area .
lawson did n't look happy and this had to do with the fact that i 'd endured a drive - by , the fact that tack essentially abducted and detained me afterwards and the fact that he was taking my statement while i was sitting cross - legged in one of hawk 's recliners in his seating area while spooning up hot and sour soup .
he made it to the seating area , sat in a recliner , reached down to the lever and then we were jerked back flat with me on top of him .
a couple seconds later the phone upstairs , the one on one of the end tables by the seating area , the one in the kitchen and the one on his desk all rang .
the girls grabbed the big plates of food and i went to the shelves to get little plates and we all moseyed over to the seating area .
we retired to the seating area , tracy back to her recliner , hawk in his corner , me pressed to his side while he ate .
then i turned it off , turned off the lamps in the seating area and wandered to hawk 's desk .
i felt the harley roar and then i felt us move , he did a wide arc in the massive , cracked cement area beside hawk 's warehouse , an area that once housed semis and employee parking and now housed nothing .
i felt the harley roar and then i felt us move , he did a wide arc in the massive , cracked cement area beside hawk 's warehouse , an area that once housed semis and employee parking and now housed nothing .
` ` no , '' he answered , moved to a door off the entry area , opened it and pulled out a leather biker jacket .
when i got to the area just beyond the space under the bed platform i saw that rumor and tack were right .
hawk was at the stove but he turned to me when i hit the seating area and i kept on going until i collided with his big , hard body , put my arms around his waist and my cheek to his chest .
he was also okay with this because suarez sat in a black suv across the street from ride , his eyes to binoculars out his window trained on the big hog roast party which was taking place in the huge cement area behind ride .
a doorway in the middle of the hall led to the common area , which had a long , curved bar and a mess of couches , chairs , tables , and pool tables .
it was because they had a coffee counter and seating area in the front of the store , and everyone in denver knew that the man named tex who worked the espresso machine was a master .
i stormed in and saw the bad vibe was centering around a faceoff with shy and dad in the common area with all the men at dad 's back .
he kept leaning against the post that held up the roof over the patio area of the compound , holding a beer and watching her move .
he got inside and saw it was a big kitchen , living , dining area .
he let me go after forcing me into the corner in the area behind the concrete steps that led up to tyra 's office , and then pinning me there with his body .
to the left , the living area , big , wide , long comfortable couch with throws over it .
granite counter tops in a long u , one along the side of the house , the other , a double top , a low , wide counter with a higher bar , both sliced into the open area and the bar had two stools in front of it .
i also saw that the drive had been cleared of snow including a large , level area at the front of the house .
she only had eyes for me and at one glance through the reception area i knew why .
shauna fontaine was sitting across the reception area smiling like the cat who got her cream .
curtis had bequeathed her his business , his money , the land he owned except for some generous bequests he left to his mother and father ( the older lady and gentleman in the reception area ) and a stretch of land he gave trevor , a business colleague whose name i knew because kami brought it up so often .
i looked into the drive area of the cabin complex and saw not much as the porch light was the only thing lighting the large , dark space .
* * * * * seeing as it was sunny and warm , the snow again melting , max and i , with jeff trailing , walked through the cafe out to the back seating area and linda saw us immediately .
and lastly there were more half barrels dotted around the pool area .
unusually , half the tables in the bar were clean , the area devoid of empties ; the other half of the tables needed a wipe down and i found two bottles of beer and a half full mug .
once i had my stuff and slid my feet into my flip flops , he took my hand and guided me out of the pool area toward my room .
tate tugged me further down the hall and the space opened up into a kitchen and beyond that was even more open space , a dining area feeding to the side into a living room .
he dropped my hand when we entered a big , u - shaped kitchen with a middle island and i stopped but he kept moving into the dining area .
i spied some frames on a wall , the only ones in the room , in the area tucked back behind the kitchen where the counters fed into a wall that on one side held the fridge and a big pantry unit , on the other side was tate 's living room .
i saw movement at the window and sleepily watched tate walk along the deck toward the balcony area .
i walked as quietly as i could to the dining area and retrieved my bag where tate dropped it , taking it with me back to tate 's bathroom .
there were lots of outside lights shining on the deck , the drive , the area around the garage and he was illuminated fully but he moved so quickly i did n't see him swing off the bike and walk to the deck .
neeta parked in the open area by the pool and barely stopped her car before she was flying out of it .
` ` hey jonas , '' i called when i hit the dining area .
we all arrived in the dining area in time to see tate , wearing charcoal gray suit pants and a midnight blue shirt open at the collar , slide the glass door open and walk through .
both sets of eyes flew to the three men as they hit the dining area .
two sweep - lined armchairs at either side of a table at the back in one corner by the window , a standing lamp rounding out the seating area , an elegant desk with a lamp on top facing the room at a diagonal in the other corner in fact , i 'd never been in a nicer room .
he hit the bedroom area and saw the maids had been through , bed made , vacuum marks on the floor .
a wide back where the furniture was and two big areas on either side of the staircase that were void of anything .
completing this area were a huge bathroom with a big , oval tub that could fit two , a separate shower , a toilet in its own room and a very long counter with two basins and a huge mirror lit by fantastic , cool - as - shit lights as well as a large walk - in closet .
we moved the sectional and tv from the side wall all the way across so it formed a cozy seating area in front of the fireplace and left a huge expanse of space behind it where we put the dining room table when it was delivered .
when i started sifting through and opening mail , my head was filled with possible colors , color combos , maybe a new comforter cover and sheets for ty and my bed , not to mention , looking into filling our room a bit by setting up a reading area because winter would be on the mountains soon and i 'd need it when i lost my deck .
it was her discussion of painting rooms , making curtains , setting up a ` ` reading area '' in their bedroom and going so far as dragging his ass up to the office so she could show him a website where she picked out furniture for this ` ` reading area '' that he had to admit was the shit but he also saw the price tags so there was a reason it was the shit .
it was her discussion of painting rooms , making curtains , setting up a ` ` reading area '' in their bedroom and going so far as dragging his ass up to the office so she could show him a website where she picked out furniture for this ` ` reading area '' that he had to admit was the shit but he also saw the price tags so there was a reason it was the shit .
tate came out the sliding glass door that i knew led to the dining area off the kitchen and he slid the door to .
down the other wide , side hall off the office that also eventually led to the living room was a smaller opening that included a butler 's pantry and an area the developers called a ` ` mom 's unit '' which included cupboards and a long counter with a cutout at one end that gave space for a chair .
lex had a shitload of furniture in that area .
i searched the immediate area , noted no patrons were close to approaching the check out desk and i skirted it to move out into the library .
the wall to the side of the bed close to the seating area was filled with shelves that had my extensive collection of books , my stereo , cds , dvds , some framed photos and geek items like a small - scale model of the serenity ship from firefly and a frame with a mounted chakram , xena , warrior princess 's awesome weapon .
the wall opposite the shelves by the living area held my big , awesome shabby chic desk , computer and its paraphernalia .
likely family room , dining room , kitchen and other common areas on the lower level , living room and bedrooms up top or vice versa .
seeing as from the road you could n't see an elevated deck leading off the upper level but instead a dug out patio leading from the lower one , he was guessing the family areas were down below .
malachi had set up his sleeping area against one side of the shed .
the flashlight faye got him was amongst this mess , on its side , the light pointed toward the sleeping area , no beam coming from it now .
last , closest to the sleeping area , was a little table that was obviously a castoff malachi had collected , probably , from the state of it , resting against trash bins at a curb .
but in the corner opposite the sleeping area , assisting greatly in the stench , a hole was dug .
they all shared a drink and talked quietly in faye 's seating area before her parents felt comfortable with the state of their girl and left him to see to her .
they were processing enid eglund for homicide and kidnapping while her sister mary blustered to the cap in the reception area .
chapter twenty - one holding out for a hero there was movement at the other end of the bar and chace watched a brunette leave the back hall and enter the common area from where the bathrooms were .
the front door opened to a short entryway that led to an open - plan area , the living room straight ahead , dining area to the left back .
the front door opened to a short entryway that led to an open - plan area , the living room straight ahead , dining area to the left back .
he was back to mellow , grinning easy , quick to tease or joke in the minimal time i spent in the common areas of the condo and in the not minimal time we spent together at work .
he followed mick to a coffeepot in a common area .
my section included the left side of the bar , which included the recessed area that held the pool tables , the pool paraphernalia on the walls , and a few high tables and stools scattered around for people to rest their drinks and their asses during the taxing activity of playing pool .
my eyes flew to survey the boxing area .
leaving her safe , i moved away from the bright halo of lights surrounding the muay thai area and headed toward the boxing ring .
a seating area existed to the right , a bathroom to the left , and a huge bed on a raised platform in the centre .
keeping the same amount of distance between us , fox moved backward , heading toward the seating area by the windows .
the carpet was white , the bedside tables and small sitting area white .
i liked to be surrounded by an unfeeling atmosphere but i 'd never be permitted to change this area .
tension suffocated the room , swamping the area with tess 's panic and my self - restraint .
but all surrounded a large break area with a big tv , gourmet coffee and food , and a fulltime masseuse to work out any kinks .
it was n't large and each booth ringed the perimeter of the room - a red velvet curtain draped on either side of each seating area , giving patrons the sense of dining alone .
the area was airy with a full glass roof , welcoming the palm fronds to cast shadows on the white porcelain tiles .
heading out of the toilet she walked down to the back of the stage as the lights were turned off over the seating area .
on entering she saw that peter and his gang were already seated in her work area .
laura ate her lunch with him in the picnic area , as always .
the changing area was dead when she walked in .
the gossip stopped the moment he entered the main reception area .
it was so large and dominated the whole area of the room .
she ignored it and went straight through to the reception area .
david and paul steer walked into the reception area as everyone was coming back for lunch .
they left the reception area .
he acknowledged peter and edward and then moved to where their storage area was .
together they rode the elevator down to the main parking area .
he placed the paddle near the cleaning area and grabbed the whip .
the children were safe in their areas with protective bars .
moving round , she found a secluded area where no one stood .
the entire sitting area was a mess .
richard , wayne , lily and tony sat in the waiting area of the third floor ward .
they finished their breakfast off , and richard went and gathered a newspaper from the reception area .
the place was similar to a hotel , but most of the clients purchased rooms for longer periods ; and it had a small shopping area on the main floor .
towards the end of the day they gathered in the restaurant and bar area .
lily and wayne sat in the waiting area looking frantic .
he spun round and moved to a private waiting area .
all the kids were inside the play area tiny had built in the compound .
in the kitchen he 'd set up a play area for all three kids .
placing them safely in the play area he gave an order to simon to be good .
simon was standing at the edge of the play area looking toward them .
pulling out of butch 's hand , she led matthew toward the children 's play area .
together they placed their children in the play area .
glancing toward the play area , she frowned .
without looking back toward him , she took off toward the play area , not bothering to waste time with talking .
blaine was standing inside the reception area .
the reception area was empty , which was strange .
stepping away from nash , she followed tiny out of the bathroom toward the waiting area .
the play area was bare , and no one was lingering outside .
it was the only area in the clubhouse that was silent from all the chaos that was happening .
after purchasing a book she took a seat in the waiting area where everyone was sat or walking around .
sophia jerked toward the small kitchen area where tate was working the stove .
he followed her through to the area of the factory where they 'd been staying .
he opened her bedroom door , and together they made their way toward the eating area .
the eating area was the main part of the bar .
they were taken back to a changing area where they were asked to strip and to put their clothes in a locker .
steven was outside in the waiting area , and the changing room was clear .
they were all seated at the bar area .
they were stopped at the reception area by a guard .
while they performed checks on her james reluctantly waited outside in the reception area .
sean stood talking with the doctors as he made his way back to the waiting area .
night had fallen , and the parking area was full .
he followed leo to the main area of the bar .
ursula walked out of reception area of the college building where she 'd signed all necessary tutorial forms for the following year , to see paul waiting for her .
acting on instinct , ursula took stephen 's hand as they walked the small distance to the sitting area where his friends sat .
most of the time violet sat in one area waiting for cadeon , but ursula liked exploring every area of the club .
most of the time violet sat in one area waiting for cadeon , but ursula liked exploring every area of the club .
ignoring the woman , he moved passed the visitors ' area and went straight to the elevator .
when two people entered their play area , the dominant one remained in charge and the submissive knew who was boss .
with the scent of fresh brewed coffee wafting through the air , she went and took a tour around the studio area of the loft .
when they were in the right area she stopped and smiled at him .
driving inside the compound walls , he saw eva had most of the kids in the play area .
she was standing in the gazebo area .
there was a changing area that remained bare .
his crew nodded and he let himself return to the dining area .
twisting the top off , she handed it to him and shooed him away to the island sitting area .
it was dark , but the area was lit just enough to see the faces of the two men who had broken into the clinic .
scooping up her jacket from a hook near the reception area , she asked maddie quietly , ` ` you 're going to have to deal with sam for my wedding .
she followed kara out the door and into the reception area .
* * * * * sam hudson walked slowly through the reception area of the clinic , lost in his own thoughts .
ignoring it , he strode through the reception area and into the back offices .
the sun was beginning to set and the reception area took on a fairytale appearance .
actually , he 'd told her at least five times since she had come down the stairs to make her way to the area where the ceremony was being held , and her face had flushed every damn time .
she gasped loudly , the noise carrying through the cavernous area .
it was the morning you left , and he took her to an area near your jet , forced her to watch while he showed her how easily he could kill you , '' travis explained , picking his coffee mug up from the table and taking a sip of his coffee , scowling as he realized it was now cold .
the track was composed of long straightaways where kade accelerated quickly and had them flying down the linear areas , and slowing down for the corners .
pushing her glasses back onto her face and turning back to her computer , she murmured to herself : ` ` five ... ` ` four ... ` ` three ... ` ` two ... ` ` one ... '' ` ` coffee , alison , '' travis 's booming voice demanded right on time as he strode through the automatic doors to his spacious private office , walking purposefully into the reception area without even looking at her .
` ` for christ 's sake , do n't bend over , '' he rasped harshly , pulling her into a more secluded area of the dance floor , torn between the desire to hold her in his arms and his territorial need to make sure he did n't expose her .
she looked relaxed enough , so i did n't hold my breath as i followed her to the recovery area .
* * * when i show up at the shelter , with its shiny new coat of paint and expanded kennel area , shelly hugs me and cries .
with one last lingering look for tim , damon brushed past him and escorted johanna to the private dining area reserved for auction winners .
the main seating area will easily accommodate the event , and there is an attached lounge that houses various cigars and liquors that are displayed around the dark mahogany room .
i note the fireplace that is situated in a smaller sitting area that 's set off from the rest of the room in a sunken section a couple steps down .
the smell of eggs is in the air when i walk into the living area and over to declan who 's standing over the stove .
the room is sleek with rich , cherry wood , a small seating area to the side , and a large bed in the center .
she gestured at the area that had just been jam packed with people with cameras and questions .
i strut into the secure area seeing , jacob at the end of the hall .
` ` as soon as dr . schaub comes out -- '' she turned to the back as the doors clicked open and an older man in scrubs shuffled into our area .
as soon as we breezed to the waiting room area disinfectant and the odorless smell of sick washed over me .
a wooden table sat in the middle of the room , serving as an island of sorts , separating the two areas .
i deposited it on the counter and swiveled back to the living room area , ready to show off the place and the touches added for tonight .
* * * * natasha was watching me pace back and forth in the lounge area with this little smirk on her glossed lips that told me missy had already talked to her about the meeting .
` ` we can talk in the lounge area behind you .
the red carpet area shone as bright as the echoing flashes of cameras .
i looped my arm through megan 's and walked through the press area .
he stopped in the living room area , glancing around the place with silent disapproval .
standing up did me no favors so i sunk into the chair in the lounge area .
i 'd drawn more than one look when i 'd walked toward the back area , expecting a buffet style setup and asking about trays .
the area was a sea of glossy , important looking people , the jewels and watches at their wrists glittering as brightly as the silverware on the table .
the area behind it was covered in a variety of spices and teas and coffee beans , a wait staff dressed in head - to - toe black , taking orders .
i slowly took the envelope and watched as she moved to the exit , sending a wave of heat whooshing into the waiting area when the doors slid open , then closed .
the marble statues that stood sentry at a small waiting area and beside the front desk were like something out of museum .
she started in the living room area .
she turned her attention to the dining area .
he recovered smoothly , silently moving through the foyer toward the dining area where i stood .
i walked into the main area , eating up his muscular chest as he filled a glass with water .
his question screeched in my ears like he 'd cupped his hands around his smug mouth and pushed the words straight from his diaphragm to every ear in the bay area .
we walked past the bar area and a wall lined with magazines and books down the stairs to a room filled with booths and cafe tables .
he whisked me to the sitting area , and i smiled when i realized we were coming full circle .
blushing all over again i shook it off and watched him head back to the pass that separated the dining area from the kitchen .
eva leads us to a large area called ' the horizon club ' .
she flies into the seating area with its cozy tables and chairs , her shoes clacking noisily upon the black - and - white checkered linoleum .
the reception is one of those quiet little areas you find in boutique hotels - with teak paneling and cozy armchairs and mirrored marble floors and oil paintings of the hotel 's mustachioed founders , who just all happen to be women .
2 samantha fox walks nervously into the reception area of her office .
nevertheless , the reception area is bustling with people she has never seen before .
caleb and sam are waiting for him in the reception area of the police station .
he stares at the ruins of his lounge 's seating area .
his hair is neatly combed and he is every inch the cool ceo as he strides with his briefcase into the reception area .
ceiling - to - floor windows surround almost every facade of the area , and the building itself is oddly shaped - with rooms sticking out everywhere like sore appendages from a misused mannequin .
blond hunk detaches himself from the stairmaster , upon which he is draped like a muscly cloth , and follows the rest to the reception area .
smiling , they shuffle to the steam room , which is located beyond the changing rooms and locker area .
he comes out to the dining area and finds the table all set .
epilogue the reception area of ' shape ' is decked out for a party even bigger than the one they had on opening day .
i went into her area to find the stapler - remover because she was always taking it and forgetting to return it , that i found the notepad under a stack of papers .
malvagio was a tri - level building with the vip quarters and the security cameras at the top level so they could overlook the second floor , an opulent expanse of divans , soft , sensual chairs as well as an area used for dancing as gothic techno music throbbed in time with the moving bodies .
he ignored the wave of hellos and back slaps he encountered on his way to the roped - off area on one side of the room , where three rows of ` ` elite '' seats offered an unobstructed view of the cage .
once all the customers cleared out , the staff quickly began dragging tables to the center of the room to create one long eating area for the incoming party .
bleachers spanned three of the arena 's walls , while the fourth housed a bar area with a mile - long line .
like when they 'd visited may at the museum the previous weekend - gage had no qualms about sneaking into an off - limits area to steal a kiss .
he lifted up the wooden barrier that blocked off the bar area , opening his mouth to address her just as a tall , bulky man with a shaved head stalked up to them .
reed chuckled as they drifted into the living room , which was just big enough to accommodate her sofa , coffee table , and tv unit , and a cramped office area in the corner with a large desk and two mini file cabinets .
her shop was divided into a bakery and a cafe area , the latter being where most of the customers had holed up all evening .
as they headed for the reception area , he glanced over at the buffet and sought out the bra - challenged waitress .
since it was a buffet , the guests were in charge of getting their own food , but the catering staff was responsible for serving drinks , so holly quickly headed for the bar area .
they headed over to the buffet area .
stifling a groan , he strode into his cottage , his gaze immediately landing on the phone sitting on the coffee table of the elegant living area .
her blue - eyed gaze swept around the room , from the living area to the kitchen and dining room , then the bedroom door .
she picked up the laptop case sitting on the dresser and carried it over to the sitting area , which consisted of a tiny table and semi - comfortable chair .
a small kitchen was tucked off to one side , and the living area was separated from the sleeping area with a see - through japanese screen that featured bright pink cherry blossom trees .
a small kitchen was tucked off to one side , and the living area was separated from the sleeping area with a see - through japanese screen that featured bright pink cherry blossom trees .
with a little smile , she gripped his hand and led him toward the screen separating the living area from her bedroom .
a small kitchen with stainless - steel appliances and an eat - in counter took up the other side of the room , next to a dining area with a big glass table and a shelf lined with an assortment of beer glasses .
despite the great weather , the pool was devoid of swimmers , and jen and cash had the area to themselves as they approached the deck .
they received a few odd looks from the wait staff as they crossed the employees - only area .
they strode down the fluorescent - lit hallway of the police station toward the processing area .
low sets of steps on each side of the space led to curtained - off , darkened alcoves - which dylan had made use of on more than one occasion - as well as seating areas with high tables and stools that overlooked the throng of dancers .
aidan brushed past him and headed for the kitchen , which was separated from the living area by a low wall with a ` ` window '' that allowed dylan to watch the dark - haired man move around .
the school housed three large studios , two locker rooms with washrooms and a shower area , and a small office miranda hardly ever used .
the concrete deck ringing the rectangular pool offered white lounge chairs and a handful of tables with umbrellas that provided some shade , and the area was now teeming with seals and their wives and girlfriends .
when the ride came to an end , he lifted sophie into his arms and made his way to the games area .
the bells and whistles and clangs and dings in the game area .
the happy shrieks and whoops echoing from the rides area .
jase and i will head to the food area and the pett- '' he stopped abruptly .
the suite had a dressing area on one side of the room and a living area on the other , which offered a set of leather armchairs situated in front of an enormous stone fireplace .
the suite had a dressing area on one side of the room and a living area on the other , which offered a set of leather armchairs situated in front of an enormous stone fireplace .
she shifted her gaze and studied the low wall that separated the living and dining area from a big , modern kitchen with gleaming stainless - steel appliances and a black granite counter .
a loud snicker came from the living area .
he had n't thought the intensive - care unit enforced its ` ` family only '' policy so strictly , but apparently it did , and as he and the nurse passed by the waiting area , aidan was startled to see a familiar face .
` ` i love this place , '' she told him as they entered the dimly lit waiting area .
as i walk in , i glance at the lavish furnishings , the leather chairs , the spacious area and the surrounding windows .
shade has moved to the couch in the sitting area of the room .
i motion to the little cafe area on the side , where there is a mocha / coffee / latte machine and baskets of chocolate bars .
i wobble into the wall between the workout area and the sauna , and she giggles , then whistles seductively .
a few steps on lush hardwood topped by a thin oriental rug , and i ' m out of the small foyer and into a large living area .
they go into the living area while i change , and as soon as the bedroom door shuts behind them , i drop into the nearest chair and put my head into my hands .
that makes me feel a little more level , so i ' m gathered as i make my way into the living area .
chapter eighteen ~hunter~ i find a receipt from a bar in san luis in priscilla 's handbag while she 's cleaning herself up in the guest bathroom off the living area .
my stomach churns as i stride back into the living area .
finally we make it from the outer walkway and concessions area into the arena .
i ' m walking past that room , toward another room that looks like a formal living area , when i see , through a half - cracked doorway in the dining room , a posh black and white kitchen .
i ' m outside , in a waiting area .
the building is short but wide , with several different areas so when i pass from , say , the clinic quadrant into the living quarters , i feel like i ' m going somewhere .
two more steps and i find myself inside a tidy , worn - down waiting area , outfitted with your basic metal foldout chairs and a round wooden table piled high with dog - eared magazines .
beyond the waiting area , only a few paces behind the last of the chairs , is a simple school - style desk .
the first thing i do is return to the waiting area to see if i can find my gun .
when i get back to the breakfast area , evan has his right elbow on the table and his face propped in his hand .
he grabs some paper towels and i get two cokes from the refrigerator , and we head into the living area .
instead i step a little closer to the living area .
` ` would you like me to walk you to the or waiting area ?
` ` he 's had a really rough time , '' she tells me as i lead us to the waiting area .
i can barely make out bookshelves , partially charred and burning ; over to my left , smoke is pouring from an area that i think might have been the bar .
hawkins , standing in front of me in a small , round sitting area off the rented casino room , smirks .
so i walk into the little seating area where i spotted her and decide to offer my services as rescuer , pro bono .
i head through the main hall , a massive , rug - covered area filled with bookshelves , couches , and cozy alcoves where the women and men who work here meet their clients , before then taking clients back to their rooms .
i hurry down the hall and find him leaning against the wall at the mouth of the living area with his arms crossed .
i think about my house as she follows me through the open living area into the kitchen .
when i walk into the living area , i ' m hoping to be greeted by a low whistle .
i ' m in the lobby area , looking up at the scaffolding of the grand , curved staircase , when i hear a low thump nearby .
as we walked back to the pool area , i felt so happy .
he stood back and winked to me , grabbed his underwear from the bureau , and retreated to the dressing area .
i chose the first dress on the rack and turned to go change in the dressing area .
we moved through security pretty quickly and were taken to the small waiting area and then out onto the tarmac .
the lower level housed the dining area , a lounge , and library .
i 'd heard from other people that the lounge area was the most under - used room because people preferred to go to the nap rooms for peace and quiet , and the lounge did n't have any windows .
i 'd been to the hard - copy storage area deep in the levels beneath stone - black .
the reception area was a world away from sophie 's expectations .
more like an upmarket spa than a club , she thought , as lucien pointed out the changing rooms as they passed through the double doors beyond the reception area .
` ` this is the social area . ''
people use this area to make friends , dance , have a drink ... '' he shrugged .
a large spa area dominated the rear of the upstairs space , with an opulent hot tub lit with inviting stars and glittering mirrors all the way around .
the front area held a desk , with office paraphernalia to one side and a lounge with invitingly sumptuous sofas and a huge tv on the other .
lucien nodded , and waved an arm towards the seating area .
the car slunk away as lucien led her through the main door directly into the living area of an airy , open plan lodge .
one side of the sunken lounge area was almost entirely made up of glass ; huge picture windows paid appropriate homage to the glorious views beyond .
deep , amethyst velvet padded couches lined the booths , and a small stage and dance area filled one side of the lower ground floor .
the entire basement space had been converted into a luxury relaxation area , centred around an as yet unfilled pool and jacuzzi .
the bed area is designed to accommodate anything up to sixteen people at any one time . ''
lucien instructed her in rapid french , then placed his hand on sophie 's elbow to guide her towards a different door at the back of the changing area .
the reception area appeared to be an extension of the lingerie boutique on the other side of the door .
the whole place had the air of a lavish vintage theatre with its sweeping gilt staircases and intimate seating areas , the curved , padded love seats scattered with jewel bright silk cushions surrounding the dance floor .
stepping down the couple of wooden steps to his left , dylan surveyed the living area with a slow , sinking feeling .
he led the way down into the main area of the club .
lucien nodded , leading the way through to the spa area .
dylan carried their mugs down into the living area a couple of minutes later and sat down on the lurid couch that ran around the edge .
he crossed through the dining area to a small hallway that led to two bedrooms .
evan had been in the front room of the gym , in a section that looked like a waiting area with a couple of folding chairs , a metal desk , and more grey cinderblock walls .
carson gestured to the living room area and told evan to have a seat on one of his brown leather sofas .
he fucked him in the living area on a brown leather sofa , then on top of the concrete center island in the kitchen .
the moment they entered the main dining area , a handsome young man in white pants and a black shirt escorted them through an indoor container garden of tall palms in gilded cache pots to a small private table at the back of the restaurant .
in one corner he noticed a small sitting area with danish modern furniture upholstered in orange vinyl .
david waited until he heard movement before turning on one of the soft lights on the far side of the studio , then he opened the door and left the work area , sitting on the sofa in christian 's apartment , and waited .
david asked with a raised eyebrow , and without waiting for an answer left the area , walking to the closet where the various props were kept , returning with the things christian had requested .
without saying anything , david walked to the glass - fronted cupboard that faced the dining area .
turning on the ambient studio lighting , he found the set area a mess of props and pillows .
javier shook his head , and christian opened the refrigerator , filling his wine glass before leading javier to the living area .
when he was inside the office among his peers , no one would ever have guessed he was more interested in the cute young guy who brought the mail up at eleven every morning than he was in the shapely blond receptionist in the front waiting area .
when he saw toby walk into the main reception area , looking around with a clueless expression , he banged harder and jiggled the doors to get his attention .
richie stepped into the reception area with his cart of cleaning supplies .
this was one of those railroad flats , where one room leads right into another , and the bedroom was right off the living room area .
he handed it to him in the reception area and no one even noticed .
` ` i guess i ' ve been in love with you since that first night i saw you in the reception area .
the area offered privacy and the view of the river where it bloated and slowed to a creeping crawl .
to the back of the living room , a long wall divided the room from a big , den - like area .
it was definitely a cool sitting area , but i had no idea which of our belongings to unpack into this room .
izzy and i followed roman out onto the back deck and down to the more secluded area next to the bloated river .
my father asked as we made our way to the baggage claim area .
they were setting up the lobby area with black , vinyl chairs that sported a modern flair .
loud music spewed from overhead speakers , and crimsons and scarlets bodies rhythmically pumped to the beat as they danced across the zebra - print rug in the middle of the seating area to collect another chair to place in the seating arrangement .
follow me and we will wait for mr . price in the waiting area .
she was sitting in the chairs against the wall on the far side of the waiting area .
then looking out at the back yard and the late sun , anne thought that a sunny day and great friends were the perfect way to welcome her back to the seattle area .
the lobby of the hr department , like the main reception area , was tastefully decorated with a mixture of blues and greens and white painted woodwork .
the r & d department looked much as anne expected it to with several offices and a central lab area .
out by the office area , there was a small lunchroom with vending machines , a refrigerator , and a couple of microwave ovens .
on the far end of the office area was a conference room complete with a digital whiteboard and a table that could seat at least ten people .
as they walked through the third building , anne was told that manufacturing took place behind the office areas of that building but that they would not be touring there because it was restricted .
` ` i understand that you will be staying with family in the seattle area ? ''
she decided to take the back staircase that led up the southern elevation of the veranda instead of walking around the pool area and cutting across the patio to the back entrance into the building because she liked the private path through the trees .
annes stepdad , jim , was busy talking to lily 's father and her fianc over by a seating area on the other side of the main doors next to the entrance to the art gallery - gift shop .
he ignored the prick to his memory at the disappointment he felt earlier when he learned that anne did not live in the seattle area .
sure enough , he saw jim leave the dining room and head to the counter to handle the check - in and jane leave to head back to the employees - only area , probably to get help preparing a room .
celia , the assistant manager , told them that her parents were in the office , so anne took ben 's hand and led him to the office area in the employees - only area at the back of the inn .
celia , the assistant manager , told them that her parents were in the office , so anne took ben 's hand and led him to the office area in the employees - only area at the back of the inn .
parking in the boston area was expensive due to the supply and demand problem .
ben parked the car in the petrovic 's private parking area behind their house then walked with anne up the back path to the inns main building .
it was well after eight pm , and the research area was empty except for her in her office .
next , she headed to the area behind the canteen .
when they finished the meal , mom told her she had brought a dvd from the multimedia area of the library , but she was nt in the mood to watch it , given that she still had nerves prickling her skin .
she slammed a fist on the glass to draw his attention , but the area was now dark and she could nt see him anymore .
from there , they had a privileged perspective of what was happening on the campus and in the outdoor area ; plus , they could get a little warmth .
marina walked at an accelerated pace and found ana in the locker area .
she put on her coat , took her drink and left for the outside area without saying a word to her friends .
their classmate invaded the locker room and an authentic cacophony flooded the area .
then we tour the cafeteria , commons area , resource center , and the center for the artswhere dad is sure to mention all the upcoming dance productions .
there s no sitting area with a sofa .
i look down and shuffle past them to get into the classroom , wondering why they chose such a high - traffic area to have an obviously private convo .
inside the papers headquarters , the staff gathers in the commons area .
its comfortable and bright with a lounge area filled with tvs , computers , and stacks of magazines and newspapers .
just as he had on the door , he tapped a small area of the floor twice and inserted his dagger .
locke went to different areas and touched the machines with a shake of his head .
we continued wordlessly out of the industrial area at a jog .
she followed me wordlessly as i grabbed a flashlight and a few tools from the maintenance area beside the access door , and then quickly located the stairwell .
she stepped aside the open doorway as we brushed past , and brusquely latched the door behind us when we entered the small sitting area outside her bedroom .
brianna was off to the side , sitting watch at what appeared to be the only isolated area of the room .
beyond that , she saw a mostly white living area , the furniture arrayed before a wall of windows , also looking out over the rocky cliffs near the ocean .
rapping lightly on the door , he let himself in , glanced around the living area , and then loped up one side of the curved double stairway .
after looking around the living room , he entered the large , ornate dining area .
they walked around wrapped presents until they reached the kitchen area .
well , they discovered a large amount of petrol in the area where the upstairs hallway and stairwell would have been , including the charred remains of a metal container .
stephen removed his sword from the sheath attached to his hip , then focused on the area above the rock wall where the arrow had most likely come from .
he was seated at the farthest corner inside the waiting area .
i stared at the viewing area of the lodge , remembering the first time we came to the falls .
nick leaned in and kissed me on the lips and then he leaned to my ear and said , ` ` we 're going to be asked to the vip area in just a minute . ''
sure enough , just moments after we were handed our drinks , a very large , very serious looking man walked over and said , ` ` mr . carmona , ma'am , mr . vora would like you to join him in the vip area .
we followed mr . serious to the side of the dance floor and up the stairs to the vip area .
i looked up toward the vip area and made eye contact with merritt .
good , lets go up , he said , taking my hand and leading me back to the vip area .
i limped up the stairs into a loft area where there was the master bedroom .
you could look over the side and see the living area .
they told me about how they would pass each other in the sitting area of dr . wendells office until jameson waited until after davids appointment one day and they went on their first date .
i ask krista as we go to sit on the very plush couches in the lounge area .
i only have a moment to give liam a sheepish look and mouth ` ` sorry , before i ' m being dragged in a hurry towards the living area .
she grabs my arm and pulls me down the hall to the lounge area where elize is standing with a hispanic woman and a bleach blonde guy .
chapter 23 shortly after we 're all dolled up , we walk down to the formal dining area and find the boys standing there all tuxed up .
krista and i step into the foyer area and are quickly surrounded by mine and krista 's families .
he smiled over at me and directed me to a barricaded area where there were two different bouncers blocking the area .
i saw another door leading to the outdoor eating area .
got to figure it out and see just see i was nt surprised then when instead of heading for his friends at their normal table , michael guided me toward the doors that led to the outdoor eating area .
the ground was covered with black plastic , which made it easier going here than in other areas of the nursery .
i volunteer at the hospital , in the blood bank area , so i deal with a lot of fainting .
two operator chairs sat along the wall , and in the corner , a waiting area was furnished with small , overstuffed benches .
neither my hair nor teeth had been brushed in two days , unless you count running your fingers through your hair and a quick listerine gargle at a rest area somewhere in the middle of nowhere .
candace and i pushed out of the way , making papers shuffle furiously in junipers area as we brushed her plant .
before we got to the kiddie rides , we veered back left , heading around an open area that must house the event .
she rolled her eyes again and led me from the bull area as she said , new blood , you know ?
after i had a brew in hand , i wandered through the livestock area and saw the prize animals .
on the way to the ferris wheel , i noticed a small crowd forming in the bull area .
after the narrow tunnel of doorway , in which we flashed our right to drink in the form of a license , there was a small entryway that opened out into an area with a bar on the right and some tall tables to the left .
the bar area looked like a las vegas lounge in the 1970s , with browns and oranges and retro decorationsand i did nt mean retro as in , old style but new stuff and super hipthe place was in bad need of renovation .
jessica brodie and guest , i announced , looking around like i was checking out the place , even though all i could really see were shadowed areas , a banister , and a whole lot of empty space .
the large group of guys in the far back of the vip area .
it was the gruff bouncer from the first roped hurdle into the vip area .
we got to our area and adam , william and ty were looking at me from the railing .
the bouncer kept asking where i thought i was going , this was the vip area .
as we walked into the area , someone yelled , there she is !
when he was over in the covered area away from the hot tub ten feet , putting away the cover , he said , do you want some champagne or anything ?
he had his eye on the trading floor at all times , and now he saw the pesky new lawyer heading from the operations area carrying a stack of folders under her arm .
jon recognized the folders as client files because he had personally made a visit to the operations area a few months back .
after lisa left , janet headed for the operations area , hoping that rosemarie would have the answers she needed .
melanie hurried to her car and backed out of the parking area .
the women grabbed brooms , rakes , hoes , and shovels and hurried to the different areas .
they do have a bar area with a trio that plays country music and a small dance floor .
she stripped the bed , took the soiled towels to the laundry area , finished loading the washer , and started the machine .
inside the pots and pans area , she posted a bible verse from jeremiah .
after driving through the adobe archway , they pulled under a large canopy area at the resorts entrance .
jacques pointed out the location of the swimming pool , the poolside outdoor bar , the dressing room area , the tennis courts , and the path that lead to their eighteen hole golf course .
after that , they pulled into a parking area in front of the large office / recreation building .
buddy went into the office area .
there are some semi - truck size tire tracks still showing in the soil leading into and out of the loading dock area .
i came upon this loading area and was looking at it .
mandy hurried over to the corral area where she fed thunder .
when they got near the ranch , mandy directed them to drive down the back road to the loading chute area .
if he sees the truck pull into the loading area , he will call me on my cell phone .
he s been coming around the loading dock area and scoping out the land during the day and often at night .
suddenly a bright light flashed illuminating the corral area .
the heavy glass doors swung open and they stepped into an ornate marble and oak reception area , a series of heavily shaded lights cast a dim light around the room .
each had a patch of front garden , most of which , like teddys , was bereft of greenery and merely used as either access to the basement or as a storage area for bicycles , dustbins and anything else the occupants did not want to lug up the steep steps .
it was a fairly easy task to find the industrial estate to which she had been directed and locate the warehouse , a wide , basic storage area , built out of breeze blocks and corrugated iron sheeting .
she had left julie routing through her wardrobe for some silvery - green sandals that were lost somewhere amongst the myriad of footwear that filled the lower reaches of that extensive storage area .
a rather attractive , but dour , middle - aged man greeted them in the reception area .
they followed him into a tiny , crowded office situated at the rear of the reception area .
suddenly they heard a noise from outside his bedroom door coming from the direction of the landing area at the top of the stairs .
matthew and maureen liked the slower songs so that they could just cuddle up and smooch around in the small area of space that they had found .
` ` what was that all about , '' asked maureen as matthew grabbed her by the wrist and made his way to a space in the dance area .
janice left the room for a few moments , and then suddenly there came a deafening shout from the down stairs toilet area , from where matthew had guessed she had been heading for .
matthew decided to cool it down a little so they went in to the dance area where they had a few more drinks and enjoyed a cuddle on the dance floor .
most of the tents ringed a central area where a cooking pit had been dug , and a rough tri - pod erected over it .
we turn a corner into the area with the rays .
weightlessness tended to make me nauseous , but my research had reassured me that i would most often be in gravity conditioned areas on mars , with absolute zero - gravity only for the few minutes of readjustment on the shuttle and while sightseeing on the moon along with some discomfort on the surface of mars .
even now , with the gravity in her apartment 's common areas and the guest - room adjusted to earth standard for our visit , she was moving slower and a little painfully compared to her bouncy energetic self at the moon - port .
they both tensed as another early riser walked down the corridor to the wash area .
the cell was the shape of a slim trapezoid , with the broad expanse of part of the prison 's outer wall before me and the narrow entrance into the round fire - pit area behind me .
it was the sudden break in that conversation which alerted me to the fact that thomas was walking through the fire - pit area .
i could hear the sound of my sobs echoing in the fire - pit area , but no one came to investigate .
isabel yelled as she ducked into the changing area behind the makeshift stage at the catnip .
sadie wriggled into her sweatshirt and just as quickly exited the changing area .
in front of him was the open living area of sadies house and the mess that she left behind in it .
the dining area and kitchen were separated from the living room by a woodwork rail that could double as a counter .
she led him to the sitting area .
he sat on the arm rest of the couch in the common sitting area , and rubbed the back of his neck .
the cabin was small and consisted of a living area , an eat - in kitchen , and a doorway he assumed led to a bedroom .
after the sheriff was gone , jace slumped down into a chair in the waiting area .
the only place she might need help painting was the large foyer and dining area , because of the vaulted ceilings .
claire had disappeared back to the kitchen area .
once she was in the main area of brookfield , she parked her car and headed over to the roasted cup to get her usual coffee order for the day .
he handed it back to me and he took us over to a different area of the store .
once inside , we followed dean to a different area than yesterday .
in the house was one bedroom , a bathroom , a kitchen area , a living room , etc .
we went to the lobby area and checked out and then we took the boat back to key west .
the first level was below ground , a main storage area and sleeping quarters for the help .
the second level was the main foyer , which led into a dining area , study , and garage .
to his left was a small reception area .
viktor walked a few steps away from the reception area to his left and kept to the balcony overseeing the spacious , well - kept green lawn that extended fifty feet towards the highway .
her exasperated cry turned heads in the sparring area .
i was in the sparring area when she toppled you to the floor .
if you were in the sparring area , you saw her .
they bound him in the sparring area , forced him to his knees , then slit his throat and allowed him to bleed to death .
there is a central common area , but the rest is a twisting web of corridors and cells meant to isolate and confuse .
they moved to the sitting area across the room .
when i do nt see her right away , i start to marvel over the three massive , floor - to - ceiling stone columns -- which look like they belong in the national building museum rather than this house -- which somewhat separate this ridiculously wide foyer area from the even larger living roomor football field , whichever you prefer to call it .
as we approach the table , currently known as the beer - pong area , i do a lightning - quick check to see if summers anywhere in the crowd .
they had been outside in the patio / pool area , which i m just noticing is also full of people .
so , this is the waiting area , he says , turning on the two lamps on the end tables as i set my purse down on the recliner .
heather and her husband were waiting for him out in the pool area .
there was a breakfast area with a table and the family room , with access to the deck and then the twenty acres of land they referred to as the backyard .
behind him , the door to the customer waiting area opened .
for now , he left the car he was working in and followed his coworker through the waiting room , which was sparsely filledjust with some of those awful , plastic chairs that were orange and red and uncomfortable , and the two vending machines , one of which dispensed soda and the other that sold chips , cookies and suchand into the reception area .
we got settled in the huge living area , which looked like it had been rearranged to make space for a dance floor .
the glass walls were completely open to the big front pool area .
my gaze went to the group of girls coming up the steps into the pool area , i sighed speaking of , i said and tess looked to adrianna , rhiannon and the rest of their clique .
we walked into the huge entry hall ; the receiving area opens to a formal dining room .
a few teas , a wonderful piece of milktart , and a few hours later saw jay ambling into the reception area .
i yelled , throwing them both off and running off towards the little garaged area where the mini was parked .
terry swept me through these areas into the living area .
terry swept me through these areas into the living area .
someone yelled from the operations area .
i sat down across from her in the little seated area sunk into the deck , trying to be as ladylike as i could .
derek kelling was the most famous architect in the area , designing everything from the new hospital to the restroom area at the park .
i shook my head , frantically scanning the area for any authoritative figures .
leisurely chairs adorned the area to my left with a coffee table housing magazines in the middle .
the widener stacks are a desolate area of the library filled with the dustiest and oldest books on campus .
haley stood a little bit behind me , her gun aimed to the left where this area opened up to the children 's section .
there were a few decaying bodies lying throughout the area , their stench choking in its ferocity ; the sound of buzzing flies was the only thing to break up the cacophony of feeder sounds above .
a couple of leather couches and a glass and chrome coffee table made up the living area .
the area led out onto another street .
containment area three .
melanie took a seat in the waiting area of the familiar dance studio .
he dressed quickly in denims and a black t - shirt , then made his way down the stairs to the open - plan kitchen and living area .
she ignored him and took to studying the pale cream walls of the reception area , admiring the oil landscapes that broke the monotony and which , she decided , had an amazingly calming effect .
as she scurries toward the secure area , i go to the nurses station to secure a terminal and immediately become engrossed in the transcription .
most of the walls were taken out to accommodate a pool , workout area , gaming and music room .
her face drops into her hands and we move her to a waiting area .
edward jumps into maries arms and stephan walks into the dining area .
as you go along , tell the staff that the patients are restricted to the courtyard area and inside .
mia , i told you not to leave the courtyard area !
stay in the building area .
after pouring a cup he went to the large antique desk that took up much of the floor space in the living room area .
the kitchen , a small den and half bath was all there was to the downstairs area .
lucius circled the small parking lot and they both looked at the women as they entered the lobby area .
the dining room was too formal and the kitchen area too small , so we decided to set up the food buffet style outside .
the area may have been too small for us to eat in , but no one was sitting .
they had just cleared the hanger area and were looking for a lift to the base carpool when jethro felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise .
the main room was separated into two parts : the immense dance floor packed with bodies and a surrounding area of booths where waiters were serving food .
quickly i removed the empty cigarette pack and slunk back towards the main area of the club with michael behind me .
as i walked closer to the area where the ice dispenser and vending machines were , i could hear a familiar male voice .
i looked at the country - style kitchen , then through the long open - plan living area to the lounge with a big open fire .
he emerged soon after , crossing the living area in quick , wide strides .
kissing and stumbling , caressing and gasping , we crossed the living area to his bedroom .
it might be smallno more than a loft bedroom that opened to a living area and kitchenette belowbut it was still home .
the older , out - of - print books are on the shelves in the caf area but they re mixed in with newer second - hand stock .
he walked through the living area and the kitchen .
the cavern where everyone gathered was even larger than the viewing area above the arena .
after lunch , they walked to the middle of the mall area and purchased ferry tickets at a kiosk .
they boarded the boat from the very large dock area , quickly and without incident .
later that night , they dressed and traveled to the dining area and enjoyed the large buffet that was offered .
dante noticed that the van would have to pass through it in order to leave the secured parking area .
she had meet damiano outside in the waiting area before .
this time , anna had plenty of time to spot the man standing under the parking lot light outside her personal living area at the hotel .
the lobby area contained julies desk and their file banks .
after parking in a nearby parking area , anna reached for her door only to be stopped by steven .
it stood in a small area that was probably a breakfast nook at one time .
grey pointed toward the back of the dining area where people kept coming and going to get beer .
i walked into the downstairs common area of my dorm , via the parking side entrance , and found everyone waiting for me .
slowly , we made our way to the front of the line , paid our cover charge , and received our ugly stamp to indicate we were too young to enter the bar area of the dance .
there was a large sitting area next to a bay window , with a matching cushion .
i turned the corner from the dressing area to the mirrors , and bumped shoulders with anita .
she checked the battery , frowned , then walked to the firepit area , where matt and saundra were talking about motorcycles .
they decided to eat lunch by the playground area so the kids could run around for a little bit , and the adults might get a small break .
grateful that fridays were her least busy school days , abby gathered the kids she needed to take to the pickup area , having them grab their things along the way .
once the class was clean , and the students all claimed , abby walked over to the kindergarten area to pick up madison .
they started walking toward the canvas - covered area that the party was centered under .
they stepped up to the feeding area and , although shed done this countless times before , this occasion was different .
when the crowd made their way back to the tents , they found framed photos of caleb and her placed on easels and scattered all over the area .
several more were scattered in the reception area toward the back of the yard .
you and me against the world by helen reddy crooned through the area , embracing the two women before they d even had a chance to hold each other .
he said , keep this right here , in the central living area .
he found josh in the kitchen area with several men gathered around a table .
we installed an oversized fire pit on the deck area .
elizabeth and amy followed him to the recovery area .
a musty animal smell hovered about the room mixed with the scent of the particleboard.elizabeth moved closer to the dining area and slipped on the wood floor.she glanced down and gasped in horror.she had stepped in a pool of blood .
elizabeth smiled at charlie who was relaxing on kilos dog pillow in the living area by a large fireplace .
a nurse can take you to the waiting area .
each time that he left the hotel or even went down stairs to the casino or into the lobby area .
here he was in the foyer area of a very famous hotel witnessing what appeared to him to be fellow magicians peddling their tricks to mr joe public .
once the two of them started performing card tricks to each other at a table in the lounge area , the atmosphere got electric .
lewis had shouted as he stomped around the living area of the suite he shared with jim murdoch and his wife .
he showered then threw on a pair of shorts and a tee - shirt before going into the open plan living area in search of his dinner .
jim murdoch was sitting at the table pouring over his laptop , whilst fiona was in the kitchen area preparing the meal .
lewis heard a tutting sound emanating from the kitchen area .
once poured , he took the drink to the quietest area he could find and sat there alone with his thoughts for company - the call from his mother still stabbing at his guts and playing havoc with his busy mind .
in desperation , lewis looked over to the area where he d seen jim earlier , hoping to find some inspiration .
amidst the renewed heckling , lewis turned round and searched the area in the stand from where the words had come .
whilst the heckling from the area behind the players chairs continued , the rest of the crowd started to applaud the words , and the gentleman champion that most of them knew .
then they moved into the living area where jim was busy analysing a replay of edwin robertss third round match .
he sat down in the living area with mrs . murdoch and awaited the inevitable questions whilst harbouring a few of his own .
but it was not part of the plan that there was a final look around , until he identified the area where the media was boxed .
the television cameras switched to the area where lewis had pointed to , and centred on the beaming face of jim murdoch where a happy tear was forming in the corner of his eye .
hiding his relief , lee ordered coffee for two then found a quiet area in the lobby where hopefully they could speak without attracting too much attention .
already mulling things over , lewis went into the living area to tell jim and fiona about the imminent arrival .
lewis in the meantime went to the clothing that had been laid out for inspection on the table in the living area .
as i said , something special , now listen ... ... ... chapter 46 chantal was in the living area of her suite , being consoled by her coach and trainer when lewis and lee arrived .
lewis could already see a few of the paintings in the reception area .
alinka took them to a different area of the gallery then continued with her talk .
lee deposited the bag in the living area then sat down at the table .
asked lewis as he entered the living area .
the wooden boards creaked as we rolled slowly across the decrepit covered bridge to get to a parking area .
i trailed ricki to a parking area and pulled off my helmet .
as it was , by the time we reached lower nosedive , the last trail leading into the lodge area , i was still behind him when he stopped smoothly in front of me .
we followed hunter through a little backstage area before coming onto a small little a platform stage with rows and rows of seats .
he walked to the backstage area , his every step echoing in the silence of the room .
blake walked into the small reception area .
they walked along the side of the building to an outside dining area that was used only in the summer and offered a spectacular view of the snowy mountaintops .
from the safety of the lifting area , he observed her .
he waited , taking a seat on one of the scratched and dirty plastic chairs that littered the waiting area .
the windows were huge and the light illuminated a wide area .
the porch was what all front porches should be , wide and sweeping around the sides and curling out into fanciful circular open - air seating areas at the corners of the house .
she looked around and noticed she was standing in the middle of the common area of their compound with a group of people but none that she could recognize .
the crowd parted again and she stepped out into the lighted area .
the burgundy tapestry seats attached to a paneled wall on one side and were hidden from the main dining area by sheer curtains on the other side .
she scanned the area and found elizabeth sitting with her grandmother , chatting happily then returned her attention to zach .
montgomerys officemaking the back of her work area against the hallway beyond .
okay , mr . montgomery gave an analytical glance around the area , looking over her desk .
the only area left uncovered was the ceiling itself .
as glasses made her slow way to the presentation area , sean jumped up to help her with her images , talking with the clients about a new spin on graphics .
there was a special area for people like her , but unfortunately , she was nt in it .
boring work - type people were gathered in an outdoor dining area lit with small , twinkling lights .
sean was across the dining area with john , looking at her with his arms crossed .
full glass in hand , she turned back toward the dining area and right into sean , standing so close her foot bumped his .
he gave vaughan directions on how to get to the main meeting area ; vaughan followed them silently .
after tyler left us , kane gave me a tour of his house , highlighting all the areas i was allowed to make myself at home in and brushing past the doors he did nt want me exploring .
they parted , but as she and ed continued walking past display areas being dismantled and animals being led out , she quickly realized carter gates was not alone in being interested in and impressed by what ed was doing on the slash - c. she flashed back to watching him at the opening night party , talking to those heavyhitters .
the original central structure now made up the common living area and updated open concept kitchen .
alexander turned and walked back down into his private area , leaving brody on guard duty .
the gasps were audible as they stepped into the transformed patio area .
it was a work of wonder ; the storage area for the books alone was a work of wonder , but what do you expect when you have one of the greatest architects design it .
pacing through the room and into the closets she opened the door to notice polished wood shelves and shoe racks with individualized seating areas cushioned with a creamy soft cloth she could n't wait to sit upon .
as dinner time neared and their clothes were hung and the master area had been fully explored kristen sat on the bed eying the door as devin sat in a nearby recliner reading a pamphlet about the lodge .
the kitchen and breakfast area were all anyone could desire in the way of attractiveness and convenience .
six or seven minutes later , i headed for the boarding area .
she moved over to the food prep area and pretended to inventory bags of chips .
the kitchen was the one area we had finished unpacking , and it was true , dave was a far more experienced cook than i was and had a lot of nice things .
they entered the kitchen area that opened up to the living room and stopped short when they spotted katja standing there .
it was the same one her family still resided in , with only two bedrooms , a small kitchen and living area .
dirty dishes filled the limited counter space , and the living area was unkempt with abandoned food containers and dirty clothes lying about .
sibylle disappeared into the living area , where she turned on the tv .
the boisterous voices of his sentries floated to the back area .
after adjusting his shaft , he moved through the room and into the dining area .
i found a chair tucked in the corner of the small , pink , cushioned lounge area designed specifically to encourage gossiping .
chapter nine tammy could n't believe her eyes the penthouse was amazing , open plan living area that connected to a modern kitchen .
you can do it , she said to herself , she picked up the blue clutch bag and headed into the living area .
she gestured to my sitting area and i went and sat obediently .
music drifted through the air as we approached my parents in the holding area as i decided i would call it .
the sink in the kitchen area served as her bathing station .
in a refurbished building downtown , isaac told his caseworker a four - year - olds version of brian , cindy , and granny and then waved as a volunteer led him to a play area .
the apartment opens to the living area .
and since you stored the pool table above saras garage , the dining area is empty .
we need to add some color to our living area , and our lease says we ca nt paint .
without a word , james rose from the recliner and followed joni behind the wall separating the galley from the living area .
his mom and sara waved from the waiting area .
the area is small , and five stairwells branch out at evenly spaced intervals , much like the spokes of a bicycle tire , with the lifts being the center .
the gate was open , and he pulled into a parking area gutted with potholes .
then , after being assisted out of her fur , cocoon coat , she was led to a pair of etched glass doors to the right , which led into the only area where a woman was permitted the dining room .
by this time , they had passed through the gates that led to the second class departure area .
they stepped over the lip of the door and entered the reception area .
they were allocated a four - berth cabin in area k , which luke told her after studying the deck plans at home , was on e deck .
it might have been better to be spread out so they could mix more readily with their neighbours , but someone had pointed out that mixing was much more likely in the recreational and dining areas than in the corridors outside their cabins .
during off hours staff will remain either in their cabins or in the third class recreational areas .
when the tall red - haired scot had approached him in the reception area on b deck shortly after his arrival , he had not known what to expect .
we are allowed to spend our off - time in the general areas for third class , but we will be put in irons if we go into a passengers cabin .
his little friend seemed to have vanished as they strode on down the passage and through the doors that separated the third class cabins from the crews area .
he nodded and turned , hurrying out of the cabin and through the crew only door into the second class reception area .
with that , the young man disappeared down the stairs back to his own area .
it was late almost dinner time and soon the reception area outside his cabin would be jammed with impatient dinners waiting for the doors of the saloon to open .
just here beside the reception area .
we ve mainly been focusing on third class areas , although the squash courts are technically first class but they 're in the third class area of the ship .
we ve mainly been focusing on third class areas , although the squash courts are technically first class but they 're in the third class area of the ship .
as the maitre dhtel guided their large party to maxs usual area of the restaurant , he could nt help the pride and possessiveness he felt when he saw the males in the room staring at eilish .
the breakfast crowd had drifted away up the stairs to their leisure pursuits , and for a few minutes they had the reception area to themselves .
each was in a specific area allocated to a different waiter and his tables .
however , for some reason , marco had picked up a plate in another waiters area .
it could nt be the location itself , because they were the closest area to the kitchen , which made it busier and noisier than elsewhere in the elegant , gilded room .
' freddy , the steward , was saying that they had been caught pilfering beer from the bar in the forward general area .
' the stairs are near the engineers mess , but at that time of the night there wo n't be a lot of people in that area .
the chief first class stewards office is in the kitchen area and he sometimes works late .
jacko , the second class steward will stand sentry at the bottom of the stairs after unlocking the upper door and checking for crew in the galley kitchen and pantry areas with luke and julio .
after their meal , they d adjourned to the upper areas to listen to the band play for an hour .
with them , he finished the journey down to the reception area outside the restaurant , which was where they were to wait for marco .
there were a few people still moving around in the reception area outside the dining saloon , but the saloon itself seemed to be in darkness beyond the ornate wood and glass doorway .
and turned just in time to see the young waiter dashing back through the swinging doors into the kitchen area .
unobtrusively , the couple began to back through the sliding glass doors into the living area of the villa .
tapping my foot to the upbeat christmas music playing in the airport bookstore nearby , i waited , rather impatiently , for ethan to come out of the airports arrivals area .
paris had set up the community center with two key areas .
maddy glanced up and saw her friend helping elliot in the food and drink area .
the center of the house had the original two stories , but the roof now slanted downward to a one story addition on the south side onlythe expansion of the kitchen and dining area , uncle roy had said .
the dining area looked to seat about thirty people on large picnic tables with benches and chairs angled around them .
beyond the dining area was the kitchen itself , with two large stoves , two sinks , and a commercial sized refrigerator .
she floated next to him through the crowd to the hub of the dance area .
when she heard the music stop , she forced her rigid legs out of the dance area .
with his hand under her elbow , he led her gracefully to the dance area .
they got right up to the ticketing area and that s when the airport clerk delivered the bad news .
he took her down to the saunas laying area and as they came down onto it , wrapped into each other , his hand that was gripping her waist sunk lower , coming down between her .
finally the officer smiled and said , i do nt think it would hurt if i let you into the starting area where you will have a better view .
next to the barn , a covered area housed the kitchen where four older girls and two women peeled potatoes and cleaned vegetables , singing as they worked .
a huge cooking pot hung over a fire and long tables crowded the rest of the covered area .
it opened up to a huge open area , living spaces coming together with the dining room and kitchen .
do nt worry , i ve reserved a private area of the restaurant .
in the reception area .
there was an entire bottom floor equipped with three separate rooms and a common area .
when he swerved into the other lane , he realized he was preoccupied , so he waited until he could pull into a rest area .
it consisted of one main area with leather furniture , tan walls and a video box with the largest screen shed ever seen .
a miniscule cooking room jutted off of it , and he showed her two sleeping areas down a hallway .
in the reception area , eddie smiled at her .
they were around a table in the common area of the lower floor , dorian and celeste seated .
she saw luke stand and feel for his gun at his backdorian wore her stunner , though concealedand he left the family area .
they took seats on the couches in the main area .
the area had been cordoned off for people with tickets , and only a few were sitting on benches ; they were far away .
they examined more of codys space , then walked out into an open area on this floor with a video box , a second computer and books .
alexs hand fell again to the small of angels back as he led her into the bar area .
beyond a low wooden railing was an area with a double row of wooden chairs with attached right - hand writing desks ( identical to the desks they d used earlier in the day while taking their french novels final ) .
beyond this testing area , at the far end of the room , were three desks manned by patrol examiners taking information , doing eye exams , and preparing license documents .
zach threaded his way back past the examiners desks and the testing area and through the opening in the low wood railing with his new laminated license in his hand .
students jammed the living room , kitchen , dining area , and hallway of lori and megans apartment , and spilled out onto the second - floor breezeway in the clear cool night .
his eyes stung and he blinked rapidly , glancing again around the combined living , dining , and cooking area that still held her touches in the curtains and knickknacks .
brant sat at the table drinking a cup of coffee when she entered the living area .
in the comments section sophie read : the area underneath the stage management desk is filthy .
sally walked up the tiny gravel path and opened the door to reveal a dark reception area with solid black walls and a goth girl manning the desk .
the dining area was populated by a few people , one of whom had horns sprouting from his forehead .
i followed and found myself stood in the doctors waiting room area again .
i shook myself from mid - thought and realised we had already teleported into a brightly lit hospital waiting area .
my stomach growled as i took a seat on one of the burgundy couches in the waiting area .
we rounded a corner to an observation area where a row of humans in lab coats typed away at computers .
after making it through the hallway , and past what i assumed was a laundry room , we entered an enormous kitchen area .
pauls gaze moved to kate , who had gone back to adding more detail to her drawing , then dylan , who was tearing about the open plan dining area as if he were an airplane .
andrews house had an open floor plan , with a big room that housed the living , kitchen , and dining areas .
kelly wandered around the house and then went into the kitchen area and leaned on the counter .
he took her hand and led her to the living area .
after the interview was done , a kind - looking nurse with long red hair appeared and took kelly back to the commons area .
like dr . reddings office , this area looked more like a large living room than a waiting room .
an hour later , kelly was sitting in the commons area with her bag .
i m hungry , alyssa said , walking into the kitchen area .
sitting on a red fold - down chair in the waiting area , michael , the doorman from last night , is waiting patiently , his hands folded in his lap .
he carried her into the living area , stopping in front of the couch and putting her on her feet .
in the middle was a living room - type area brent used to counsel the teens and , occasionally , parents .
dane pulled into the visitor 's parking area and backed into one of the spots .
brent whistled as he entered the pool area .
the elevator doors slid open to reveal the reception desk and waiting area of jacks company .
she figured she could listen to the kidnappers and come turn the flow up , or try to break a window and call for help if she heard them leave the main area .
the women were brought back out to the living area to sit on the floor where their legs and arms were taped up again .
although there was only one television for the entire dormitory , located in the area where smokers congregated , clen had a radio , and shed regularly listened to reports about the civil rights movement .
inside , john led the way through the dining area , with its open kitchen and long communal tables , and turned into a narrow hall .
in the perfectly arranged lounge area , there are two comfortable looking couches and a window seat , where i can instantly see myself curled up and reading .
further inside , in another carpeted area , there is a large dining table , with a vase of beautifully arranged flowers sitting on top of the gleaming wood surface .
beyond the dining area is a modern kitchen , with equipment i ca nt even identify , let alone use .
we headed outside and looked at the barn and other outbuildings as well as the area that had once contained a flower and vegetable garden .
kids were playing ring - around - the - rosy and doing cartwheels in the open area in front of the stage that would be used as a dance floor later in the night .
the background music , which had been produced by an organist at the front of the sanctuary , ended after the family was ushered slowly to their reserved area at the front of the room .
i took off my stocking cap and pea coat , tucking my hat and gloves in the sleeve and holding the coat over my arm , i took a seat in the stylishly decorated waiting area .
the black and green car was parked with several others in an area obviously designated for taxis .
if clients did come in , there was no welcoming area or warmth .
she called to have a line added , moved the fax and the answering machine to the front , and basically set up a reception area .
the storage area they had in the building turned out to be a treasure haven .
the reception area , which had nt existed until a few hours ago , was far from perfect , but it was a start .
as soon as he walked in he recognized the front area was set up as a reception area .
as soon as he walked in he recognized the front area was set up as a reception area .
one would be for my old man bachelor pad , and the other if i ever marry , would include a large area for the family to play without having to worry about stepping on the tulips or getting a rose bush thorn stuck in their feet . ''
jeff opened the door for her to leave the house , but she remembered leaving her coat in the living room area .
shed been into the business area , but it did nt seem like vampires lived there .
there were covered driveways in front of each house and it looked like there were some variations , but in general each house had an entryway to the left of the parking area .
they used solar panels in some of the areas at the human settlement too but nothing like these .
inside , it was depressing and sterile looking , with five floors of offices and patient areas .
take him back to the holding area and eat him , he told the vampires .
too bad he did nt have security cameras in the holding area .
the carports were mainly used as outside sitting areas .
raven knew there was a lab area in the building .
she was stuck in an area that had no hidden entries .
he went to the office area he d set up in this room and sat at the computer .
with its low ceiling , wood - paneled walls , and nautical decorations the entire area reminded him of an old ship captains quarters .
one - of - a - kind works of art decorated the walls , expensive furniture filled the sitting area and bedroom .
despite the beautiful day , the parking area at the summit was empty .
after shed given the answers she knew he wanted to hear , an attendant took her down another hall , into what looked like the dining area , with one long table taking up most of the narrow room .
chapter seven sarah did nt wake up until john halted the horse inside a stable area .
at home , she fed the baby and then sat with him as he slept in his pram in the garden area reading the book .
she looked about the small yard , realizing there was nt much of a garden area to grow herbs , but perhaps she could start small if they were still here next spring .
rose was appalled , insisting he would have to remain in the stable area in cuthrys quarters when he returned .
the following week , bridget displayed her gown in a newly renovated area converted next to the woodshop where bridget could continue her craft .
downstairs and outside was the kitchen area which was accessible with a dining area that could be used as a school room and play area which was warmed by the fireplace .
downstairs and outside was the kitchen area which was accessible with a dining area that could be used as a school room and play area which was warmed by the fireplace .
downstairs and outside was the kitchen area which was accessible with a dining area that could be used as a school room and play area which was warmed by the fireplace .
yes , thomas surprised me when i returned , having enlarged part of the workshop which can house an area for a millinery .
by that time , they put all of their baggage in the loft upstairs and with blankets , set up a sleeping area for the youngsters .
steel doors for their entrance to the pool area ?
he pulled the car over near the bus area .
jean and liam were working on a project in the study area , a room i had nt seen .
we passed a giant media room , and then he turned into a corner space , a massive area with sports teams decorating the walls .
as he entered the bathroom area , he gazed in the mirror but saw nothing .
moving into the kitchen area , she checked her device and saw that she was a little bit early , so she peeked in the refrigerator .
then you take the pot , fill it to the top , and pour it in this area here .
minutes later i made my way to the backstage area .
april smiled as she led me out of the female locker room to the main backstage area .
i panned around the backstage area .
april and i walked to the common backstage area to find p. someone tapped me on the shoulder .
the backstage area was a complete zoo of tv people , wrestlers , and random staff .
* * * i was totally drenched with sweat as i passed through the curtain back to the backstage area .
beautiful dan pulled up the van to a front parking area , stopped and stepped out to unload baggage .
the bar and sitting area had a huge stone fireplace and antler chandeliers .
well he would nt take stalling for an answer and dragged her out to the dance area .
matt thanked her for the dance , tipped his cowboy hat and left the dance area .
lets keep the guests happy mr . walker strode after the women to make sure they were heading to the right area .
matt probably thought she was as skittish as a new colt and he was running out of time dale watched matt pick up his hat and leave the dance area .
see you by the kitchen area he turned and left .
the other guests were still asleep as sarah freshened up and made her way to the kitchen area .
he was probably hard at work setting up the kitchen area .
sarah and matt walked quickly over to the kitchen area and started stocking a cooler with food that would keep for meals .
the nets were passed around and soon quite a few fish were heading to the back of the kitchen area for cleaning .
she went into their makeshift kitchen area , which was severely depleted now that dale was gone .
matt quietly took sarah by the hand and led her away from the dance area .
another room , just off the living area had another fireplace , slanted ceiling with solid windows on one wall .
he did nt think there were this many people in all of northeastern nevada no sign of sarah he noticed a coat check area and walked over to check his small suitcase .
by day , the east fallkill recreation center was an area for activities .
he tested the engine of his sports car and sped down the long pathway past tennis courts , baseball fields , a concession building and a football field , before reaching a play area .
ivanov plodded into the kitchen area and sat in a chair before a small , wooden table .
computers that performed various tasks edged the walls while stainless - steel tables equipped with electron microscopes , test tubes , beakers , petri dishes , flasks and centrifugal equipment occupied the interior area .
they walked together across the parking area .
a simple black and white fifteen inch diameter wall clock sat above his work area .
three large wooden tables and one small table along with a dozen wooden chairs in various states of dereliction cluttered the area .
moving across an area littered with the desks of twenty - five students , some of whom loitered and loafed about , melissa politely edged her way to the door .
chapter 12 dr . franklin terzini hurled an object through the air , hard , and did not flinch as it exploded into the far wall of his work area .
as he rose , he glimpsed his image in the stainless - steel paper towel dispenser near the decontamination and sink area of his lab .
eugene stepped out of the sleeping area and into the narrow hallway to retrieve sasha titovs lifeless body he d propped against the wall .
melissa asked , pointing to a service area that bore a sign boasting a scenic view .
they went to the counter and bought their burgers , fries and drinks and selected a booth in the far corner of the dining area .
beyond the doors were the cafeteria and a wide corridor known as the common area that featured over a dozen finished wooden benches that lined the perimeter of the windowed walls .
melissa and gabriel passed the cafeteria and the common area and paused past the first set of double doors .
just as gabriel moved out of sight , melissa spotted john denardi and eric sala leaving the common area opposite the gymnasium .
rallied further by his irate thoughts , gabriel slammed open the metal doors and stalked out into the rear parking area .
melissa was thankful until she realized their table was in the center of one of three dining areas .
thick concrete walls lined the impressive area .
he crossed the unoccupied space and entered a small dining area next to a living room .
he skulked through both areas before prowling down a short hallway .
he and his friends observed gabriel park his car in the far corner of the rear parking area before climbing out of his vehicle and looking around anxiously .
racing toward the paved parking area in the rear of harbingers high school , gabriel did not think of his safety or survival , but of melissas .
a long hallway leading to the living - room area was ahead .
gabriel rounded the corner into the kitchen and quickly inspected the area fearing that at any second he would unearth christopher martins lifeless form crudely positioned as both an affront and preview of things to come for both of them .
the work area was far too bright .
and since his work area once existed as a guesthouse , it already had a bedroom for the infrequent times he elected to sleep .
he had spent each of the last three days watching as she shepherded a dozen children from the building to the outdoor play area .
he decided he would rest before their first official meeting and stepped from his bush - covered crevice of the school and dashed across the play area to his lair beyond the chain - link fence .
it displayed a weathered bar area with stools , a pool table and roughly six round tables .
the scent of marijuana filled the air along with a milky layer of smoke that clouded the area surrounding the couches .
once inside her fathers room , her eyes scanned the area quickly and focused almost instantly on a rack upon which the remington shotgun was mounted .
katryn swallowed around a small lump in her throat , and she thought back to how the used book area had come to be .
that animal is not going in any carpeted areas !
she spotted rocco right away , but her attention immediately went to the unchanged play area .
she muttered some expletives and paced the area , her hand on her heart .
he normally took the place of honor on the shelf behind the check - out area .
savannah paced the small area near her handmade jewelry display while she waited for valentina to finish ringing out the elderly couple .
but it was sebastian who finished first and headed out of the small reception area to the lab behind .
once he stepped into the laboratory area , sebastian was taken aback by the scene before him .
she finally opened a door and found herself in the large indoor pool area on the ground floor .
sakura reluctantly followed them out of the dining room door , and only moments later she found herself in the pool area with seven grown men .
sebastian really could nt do much at this point as nicolas proceeded to grab the remote control and open the skylight above , letting bright morning light into the indoor pool area .
sebastian would nt be surprised if his student decided to run in the opposite direction after shed taken one look at the pool area .
her plan , however , came crashing down on her the moment she stepped into the pool area .
she came down to the indoor pool area and found it was very quiet .
he had seen her running from the pool area , half - naked and dripping wet .
conrad rushed over to sakura the moment he saw her and grabbed her wrist , leading her to the buffet area .
the only open spot to see the stars lay behind us , and that was just a large loading and unloading area for all the goods they used to manufacture .
it was during one of those tired spells that mary decided to go from the office area to the house to lie down a bit , not something she ordinarily did but today things just seemed to be a little worse .
he unwound his legs from the puddle jumper and went in to retrieve his luggage and laptop from the baggage claim area , then strolled to the parking lot to locate his tired taurus .
most of them were now in the rec room area trying to get some breeze from the floor fans , their rooms being far too hot to be habitable .
later on , while laura and alice were relaxing for a moment , jack and amanda were taking turns trying to fly in the play area .
strange , she thought , with everything else so neat and trim that this one area should look like this .
well go in here and take a look at the office area .
we can take a look in some of the office areas if you like , but i think for now i d just like to show you where you would be working , and maybe a couple of other offices .
refreshed and ready to face whatever came , laura went to the office area to find roger .
dress is normally casual in the office area unless we are hosting ; then dress is predicated on the level of the operation ; some companies like it formal , some do nt .
laura patrolled the left field area , hoping most of the time nothing came her way , but she surprised herself when it did , running under it with ease , and throwing back in with a strong arm .
although the two had to share a bedroom , the bungalows were spacious enough that it was far from crowded and each had their own area .
pulling into the dock area , the men loaded the two big coolers onto the trailer , straining with the weight of the boxes full of drinks and ice chips .
it was time to earn her keep and she headed for her office , stopping along the way in the center area to pick up some printer paper for the small color unit in her office .
one of the redeeming features of this maintenance intensive boat was the round cockpit area with large padded bench seating .
the assembled group was told they were to store their equipment in the pantry room for the moment , not in their usual work areas , and that as of monday morning , they were to return to the white house for work , not their regular positions .
and indeed marcia had her headset with the tiny antenna poking up so she could staff the main phone line and still be free to roam at will in the office area .
marcia served up the coffee as promised , then retired to the office area to keep things under reasonable control , and to clue in the guys when they got back from their meeting later in the day .
a second table was soon added as arriving wedding guests floated through the area and wanted in on the game .
but then there was franz , and dennis , who handled all the parking and provided cart transportation to and from the tent area .
the day care area was in full staff early on , and in general , the place could not have held much more activity , with one exception .
the head housekeeper had assigned herself to this area for the day , but kept in touch with the rest of her staff by pager as often as she needed .
ryan found her in the kitchen area making sure all preparations for the reception were in place .
franz returned them to the kitchen from the car parking area , and the two took in some lunch , chatted with doris and marie , checked out fernandos fire pit , and then headed for their duty station .
dried off and clad now in their robes , ryan and laura strolled hand in hand to the dining area to await the delivery of breakfast , and seated themselves so they were within touching distance .
normally , they would have stayed slightly to the left , rounding the big house on the east side to drive past to the cottage area , but ryan would alter their course at just the right moment .
the dcor was obviously well thought out , elegant but understated , with everything the lady of the house could need ; adjacent doors opened into his and hers bathrooms , while a third door opened onto the veranda over the porta cochere , yielding access to the hot tub and a screened outdoor sitting area .
hopefully , these assholes had left her behind and were n't holding her captive in a different area .
studying the area around her , she saw small groups of people hashing over the same gossip .
of course vampires often did n't inhabit the main areas of the house , as they tended to have too many windows that let in natural light .
tessa had already searched the area around the front door .
a series of bunk beds suggested the room was designated as a sleeping area .
that would make it '' he spun around slowly , trying to place the scene from the monitor with the right area in the room .
it would n't be long before the tables were taken in and the outdoor area was closed for the winter .
i followed their voices and the smell of fresh cinnamon buns and coffee into the dining area , then shook my head at the moment of dj vu .
he pointed to an area with just a ladder with things lying on each rung .
what if we made a sparring area over on the mats rylees setting out ?
i decided it would be best to hide out in the covered area until i knew for certain the blue car people were gone .
everyone put away their stuff and joined us in the living room area .
when sophie reached their training area , morgan and ruth already had the large blue mat rolled out .
she passed through the symbol room and into the training area .
stepping into the office , she saw him sitting in a seating area on the left .
she scanned the informal seating area , and , noting ric had nt arrived yet , escaped to the ladies room to check her appearance .
he stepped into the dining area and put a bottle of champagne on the table as well as a plastic bag .
i m on it , she replied , leaving ric standing awkwardly in the middle of the work area .
at the shake of his head , she scanned the busy dining area .
now here she was , stuck in an enclosed area , so close to him the scent of his cologne tickled her nostrils and she had no means of escape .
restless , katie wandered around the cooking area , watching ric chat and laugh with family friends as he cooked .
the area around his desk even smelled like him , a scent she could nt name but remembered as one distinctly his .
so this is your restaurant , lisas voice tinkled as her eyes scanned the seating area .
why do nt you take a seat in the reception area and ill see if anyones seen whitcomb ?
i accelerated past the rest area .
` ` there , '' jason said , pointing to the area under the fallen tree , ` ` that button . ''
muted thuds hit the area around me and fell against mepressingchockingoozing bodies piled one on top of another .
if the hospital was busy , the reception area was nt .
they have a couple of emergencies coming in and they re kicking us out of the waiting area .
below the deck was a grilling area with tables , and abby could smell something very yummy being cooked .
it had a huge double refrigerator , wide granite countertops , a stainless steel double , deep sink , and an eating area next to a large window .
the poop cabin was used as an officers mess hall during meals , as well as a storage area for maps , journals and official logs .
modern sailing ships still have an elevated cabin in the aft area the back for you lay people - but the poop deck can be used as a raised platform to sunbathe , or just hang out .
they walked down to the kitchen area and tom took her through a door and closed it .
there was an older woman behind the desk in the reception area .
looking sheepish , she clanged slowly up the cast iron steps from the basement area to the garden .
the open , sunny area was welcoming and fun , the furniture modern and clean .
a cramped but functional kitchen , a dining area and spacious open living room with a multitude of couches shared the first floor with two or three bedrooms .
she glanced around the rest area .
they tidied up the area , folded the tablecloth , tucked it back in the basket and returned to the car .
shed arranged the classroom into several breakout areas , so the students could leave their desks and take advantage of independent learning projects in other parts of the room .
furniture was shoved into the far corner the living room shared with the eating area , to allow room for what looked like two projects going on simultaneously .
their chitchat continued while jeremy cleaned up his work area , folding up the tarp covering the wood floor , moving the sawhorses back into the garage , mopping up the floor and moving the furniture back in place .
she motioned to his work area .
she 'd created a special play area for him where she could watch him from the front window .
* * * tooty carried eli to the grassy area she 'd had landscaped for just such occasions as this .
besides the picnic and play area he had seen the day before , she had a larger garden than the one she 'd planted when he lived there .
walking down the hall to fill the food bowls , a brown and gray siamese mix ran out of the reception area followed closely by julio .
padded kitchen matting had been added to the area in front of the stove and oven : appliances that were used frequently .
the song began playing and she saw some customers , mostly men , move over to the stage and bar area nearby .
following her mother into the kitchen , the bright yellow ceramic floor was clean and covered the breakfast nook area .
one afternoon when he was down the street at the bank to get change for the cash register , she discovered a bag of various sized and shaped metal tips at the back of the supply area .
as she was thinking of the places she 'd go after work , namely a jaunt to the farmers market where she 'd be within walking distance of both whole foods and sur la table , she went to the caged area in order to distribute cat treats .
she led him back to the caged area and saw that all the cages were full except for number 23 .
in the center area , the little tables and chairs were mostly occupied .
the only place where the taste - off could be held was near the bar area , unless the tables were moved to another area or outside .
the only place where the taste - off could be held was near the bar area , unless the tables were moved to another area or outside .
missy and her husband would be in charge of the pet adoption area outside planet coffee caf .
emerging into planet coffee caf and seeing the vacant area in the back reserved for the taste off made her grin .
he gave a wave and trotted back to the kitchen area behind the cookies and cupcakes counter .
she paused for a moment at the entrance area , nude and glanced , then headed to the locker room and the restaurant area read the daily menu posted at the entrance .
she paused for a moment at the entrance area , nude and glanced , then headed to the locker room and the restaurant area read the daily menu posted at the entrance .
only the area directly behind the bench seemed completely raw .
he paused to point to the same area she had stood earlier with jack .
walking to the end of the passage , i come into a massive game room with another sitting area attached , which overlooks an outdoor entertainment area through large glass doors that can open right up , bringing the inside and outside together .
walking to the end of the passage , i come into a massive game room with another sitting area attached , which overlooks an outdoor entertainment area through large glass doors that can open right up , bringing the inside and outside together .
this area is for family only .
we walked into a huge area .
instead they , with me and michelle , resorted to sweeping up the cables and simply tidying up the area .
well meet you at the staging area at seven oclock .
he settled into a large , leather chair in the reception area and dialed annies number .
it looked into the kitchen and dining room , making for one big entertaining area .
the others followed doug out of the small meeting room to find the waiting area full to overflowing .
eric glanced to the front of the passenger area of the small private jet .
he scanned the area , saw that everyone was still engrossed in what was happening on the stage or with gathering their children .
* * * hey , brenna stood when i stepped into the reception area on the first floor of the dorm , ready to give up her chair at the desk now that she was officially off - duty .
i glanced at the fake fern in one corner of the reception area with a grin .
with that , i pulled open the door and stomped through the waiting area , then out the front door .
my hands shake as i walk into the restricted area to check on earl 's status .
instead the living area has two navy couches , a tv , and sliding glass doors that showcases a fenced yard with more peach trees .
can you come to the staging area and look at something ?
rosalie nodded and turned to face the waiting area .
a series of blue vinyl couches were situated around the area and several young ladies around rosalies age were seated while waiting for their chance to get interviewed .
she went back into the living room / kitchen area only to discover that the mischievous lucky had ripped open all of the grocery bags in search of the ground beef !
she set the plates out on the small round table that was in the living room area .
without waiting for a response , tiffany turned on her heel and led rosalie to one of the lounge areas where some of the other nurses were taking a break .
she stepped inside of her apartment and made her way into her small living room area , taking a seat on her threadbare couch .
the medium tried to explain as she exited her bedroom and made her way into the open kitchen and living room area in order to make herself some coffee and toast for breakfast .
in the dinning room area there was a long , rectangular - shaped table that could seat six people .
to the right was a small sitting area where the rockstars could relax with a long red leather couch , two matching , comfy looking armchairs , and a low glass table .
with only minutes to spare before the concert , manager brody led the band , carrie , ro , and sadie to a backstage area .
there were potted plants decorating the area and some nice teak benches .
the other amusement park employee just shrugged in response , as he looked around the area expecting to see a camera crew pop out of nowhere .
vincent and carrie took the kids to one of the animal areas next so that the kids got to see : tava , the majestic african elephant , jocko , a friendly and playful walrus that liked to smush its face up against the glass when you were looking at it , and odin a rare bengal tiger that liked to swim !
tucked into the light green grapes , was a neat sitting area with chairs and picnic tables .
debra had wanted to have the engagement party at the winery , out in the back area where melissa and maria had shared a glass of wine with debra the day before .
it was a piece of paradise she met scott at the harbor parking area .
my company aims to please * * * chapter nineteen the day had started well enough melissa , scott and debra had gotten over to the winery pretty early to begin a thorough cleaning of the outdoor area and the tasting room , places where the investors would be socializing .
he threw some food out to a nosy peacock that had wandered over to the table area to see what he was doing .
taking a good look around at the beautiful party area now organized in the back part of the winery , debs face lit up .
looking through the stacks , she saw him alone in the semi - private study area .
unruly , dark blonde hair fell in his eyes rubbing her head , she backed out quietly so she would nt disturb him , and tried to find the most secluded study area in the library to hide .
it took a good five minutes to finally enter our property area .
i ' m here for work , mom , i explained , hurrying to the reception area as fast as i could .
he proceeded directly to the question and answer / check in / whatever it needed to be at the moment desk that resided on the far side of the small lobby area the led into the buildings main hallway .
ians reflections on his new cousin - in - law , the dinner , and the fact that there were areas in the penthouse that still felt as if his aunt bren had just walked out of them were cut off by abbys entrance ( on her own to his surprise ) to the room .
he nodded his head at the computer that now occupied the desk in the living area with a stack of accessories piled beside it .
twenty minutes later he was spreading out a blanket from a basket ( that he had insisted on carrying himself along with a mysterious backpack that he refused to hand over ) in an open grassy area that he informed her was his viewing spot for the towns yearly activities .
hanging around the area outside the registrars office the first week of any new semester is a lot like watching the denizens of an anthill after someone has kicked at it .
as it was now , she had two apartments for her use , one very large open room , a kitchen area on one side , a small but decent bathroom with a loft sleeping area above it .
as it was now , she had two apartments for her use , one very large open room , a kitchen area on one side , a small but decent bathroom with a loft sleeping area above it .
roy jerked his head toward the jail area .
outside , cole and the football team stayed on peter as he moved toward the parking area .
marnie was talking to cogan in the waiting area .
the flickering gas lamps flanking the front door lit the area enough for her to see that the black paint covering the wooden shutters could n't hide the scars from years of abuse provided by mother nature .
she followed him into the formal living area and sank into a big oversized chair .
delia met them in the dining area with two fresh glasses of iced tea .
her eyes scanned the open areas around the spacious floor plan and saw no signs of life on her way to the only space she was sure about from her brief observation last night .
the formal and informal living areas , formal dining , parlor , kitchen and breakfast nook , though this particular breakfast nook was much larger than any she 'd ever seen .
she walked into the comfortable living area clutching her water bottle and nervously looked around .
she allowed her dog to pull her into a more secluded area of the park .
the apartments layout was pretty standard with a foyer leading into a living room and open kitchen area .
alan emerged from his office and made his way into the main restaurant area .
he quickly emerged from the back and into the main pub area .
joan left the kitchen and returned to the main pub area where she continued to take orders , get people silverware , and grab their drinks at the bar from dante .
alan entered the main restaurant area and began to greet customers and ask them if everything was all right .
that s why dante turned around and headed for the main restaurant area instead .
the pub owner went to his office , grabbed his laptop , and brought it with him as he returned to the main restaurant area .
as they entered the main restaurant area , piano playing was heard , and moments later they were able to see the stage .
the microfilm section was a large area filled with cabinets that contained microfilm .
he returned to the main restaurant area with the costumes in his arms .
the three young women changed into their festive costumes , and then made their way back into the main restaurant area from the girls bathroom .
the place is half empty now that the shops are open , everyone loaded up on caffeine and ready for another long day of retail servitude , so we have that area to ourselves .
you bring me into this area , and now i m at your crash pad right .
we carry them to an area with a wall of cubbyholes , and he stuffs our bags and yam into three and gives us tickets .
the woman directs us to a waiting area just offstage , and a short man with a crew cut , wearing black slacks and a green polo shirt , nears .
i want to slide my cot next to his and talk him out of his conviction that us being anything more than friends will risk our chances , but a rancid utility area on a closed subway route filled with the homeless is nt exactly ideal for intimacy .
those last five stops before the end of the island are the diciest at night , and we stay in the first car , where the drivers compartment is located that s the least likely area for killings and robberies , we ve been told .
but as we emerged into the dining area , a warm space with stained cork walls and cozy tables , i saw phelps already seated at a table for four .
leading the way into the living area , i headed for the buffet cabinet and plucked the lid off the antique soup tureen that had belonged to great - great - great - great - grandma vanderwalk .
my eyes could nt leave the faade as elliot pulled the moped to a designated parking area beside the church .
caro , ferreros voice cried across the zoo of people bustling around the backstage area , you have arrived .
most of the bodies in the backstage area , with the exception of the stage managersstern looking women dressed all in black and shouting into headsetsmoved into a close circle around ferrero .
and this is an area where i have never needed to lead him before .
the area was bare , save for a few stools off to one side and a large , three - section oriental screen standing near the back , looking rather incongruous .
grabbing my hands , she prevents my escape into the reception area .
alright , kathleen how about you come with me to the patient waiting area so we can discuss your urgency in seeing jamie .
i think that there is still a gentleman in the private waiting area , but the others have left .
when i went out she was not in the waiting area .
excusing myself i move to the sitting area .
considering the protections in place , i wonder if they are of such a mutant variety that they would not be impaired at all by our more potent protections that surround the courtyard area .
we need to put other protections in place and no one is to leave the courtyard area .
andrew , its alright , i know it was awful that they got in , but i do nt think they could have used any of their power to kill while in the courtyard area , we have had no indications that those protections would fail , our protections were never able to keep them out , you know that .
i took it beyond the courtyard area to get it away from everyone and when i sent it back , i got in the way , that s all , but everything is fine and the demon is gone how did it look so much like aunt eva ?
in the meantime , you have to trust me that everything will be alright , but no more traveling outside of the courtyard area .
i do nt want anyone beyond the courtyard areas until we are sure that there a stronger protections in place and no one can get hurt .
the wolves are moving into the upper floor here , we converted the living room down stairs to an area where we can work and emma and her family are taking my and gabriels room .
with jeff returning , i am sure that williams people will return as well and i refuse to allow anyone to sleep beyond the courtyard area , despite all the protections in place .
although the children and william love taking pictures here , strange feelings wash over me , especially as we pass the closed area that will be a rink in only a few more weeks .
everything is set up , including a staging area where they will auction the paintings aligning the stage and dinner with the staff members .
jason pulled away from me and stayed right on alex 's heels as they weaved in and out around the poles that supported the awning over the bus loading area .
as i surveyed the area , i saw jason 's mom , still in the stands , talking with a few of the other parentsah , i thought as i listened in , she was accepting their congratulations .
they ushered me into the front hall area , but stopped short of the hallway to the gym .
as soon as the car passed , i made a dash for the entrance , i did n't see the three steps and took a head first dive into the enclosed monument area .
` ` there are two people from jason 's school in the waiting area . ''
jason 's mom said as we crossed the waiting area of the emergency room .
her long clothing swayed as she walked into the back stage area .
the area they sat in was a very secluded spot , nestled up on the second level overlooking auckland harbor .
clarice walked through the double glass doors that opened into a cavernous foyer and reception area .
as clarice made a turn to walk to the reception area , she slammed into a hard chest .
chapter 11 i ve found the perfect sperm for my baby , clarice announced to her two best friends and cousin while drinking her green tea in the sidewalk dining area of their favourite coffee shop later that afternoon .
winton did nt realize he was gawking and drool was forming on the corner of his lips until she slid past him toward the restricted staff - only area .
this is a no patron area .
clarice left a message on maxs cell phone from the pay phone , then went back to her seat in the waiting area .
then she flung away his hand and walked elegantly , like a swan , into the reception area .
i 'd been directed to the executive floor by the downstairs receptionist and told to wait for mr . kavanagh to meet me in the foyer area adjoining his office .
behind the wall was a large area with a desk , a single droopy potted palm and some modern artwork on the walls .
it 's the most expansive area in the house , from what i can tell .
a huge tiled area that leads to a wall of windows overlooking his backyard .
he wandered through his work area , fingering a stack of lumber then ended up at the doorway of a small room previously used for saddles and bridles .
it stopped feeling like a movie set and more like a staging area for something else .
then he slapped me on the back and we headed back to the main area of the compound .
easily setting down , he rolled to a stop then turned his aircraft and taxied back to the head of the runway , pulling into an empty but wide parking area .
check the storage areas , hunter suggested .
when we get to the parking area , he whispered , you get behind the wheel , turn the key one click , and set the gear in neutral .
hunter communicated with the tower then began to move the plane out of the parking area and onto the taxiway .
in the opposite back corner was a metal spiral staircase leading to an enclosed upper area .
there was a seating area with a sofa and two side chairs , end tables and a coffee table .
afterward we took a walk around the marina ... on the boardwalk and we were standing out at the area where you can sit and watch the lake .
hunter closed it quietly but firmly and everyone gathered in the living area .
hector led them across an open area to a wall of windows and an access door leading to a rooftop patio .
satisfied it was safe , he led them out , staying in the shadows until they made their way to a set of steps that led to an open area one level below .
pulling up quickly , he set down just off the paved truck parking area .
he led her to a door downstairs and opened it wide revealing a spacious room with an oak desk as well as a sitting area tucked into an alcove .
when i got back to the penthouse and stepped out of my cab , the first thing that happened was aidens driver who was seated in the podium area got up and said , miss valentine , you do nt have to pay for a cab .
it had a full bar , literally like the bar you would see in a restaurant , a pool table , a sink area with all the kitchen amenities you could think of , a large oak table with six chairs around it and a huge desk that sat right up against the glass wall that looked out over the manhattan skyline .
i pushed off the dresser , scanning the backstage area .
the stage manager swept into the area with her clipboard .
by the time she returned , her drink was waiting underneath a stain - glass hatch in the middle of the bar area .
the crowd , gathered in the middle of the dance floor , now started to move to the rhythm of the music , so they gravitated towards the bar area to get drinks .
as soon as the hatch opened and she got out , mr . walker appeared in the doorway and came down to the parking area to greet her .
she noticed they were nt walking in a straight line , but weaved their way through a huge slalom , coming in and out of large shadowed areas .
i am back in the same area of the cell they took me out of .
i go out first , sweeping the area for others as junie shuts the door .
i find myself contorting my body to fit in the small areas of congested townspeople as he holds on to me .
i clamber over to a new area that will protect us better from the sun .
i walk toward the landing area , which is nt marked because the pilots have designated areas and night vision goggles .
draped cloth covers the doorways that all stem off from this main area .
the operations center is a general purpose tent with all of the equipment , an area for us to meet and strategize as a team .
as she was leaving the stage area he maneuvered around the crowd to intercept her at the door .
they walked toward the play area together .
the reception area was small .
without touching they walked to the empty side of the dock area .
white seats of molded fiberglass circled the area .
the parking lot and the dock area were filling fast .
she pointed to the sitting area with a sweep of one chunky arm .
the reception area was in what once must have been the parlor with its long narrow windows and beautiful molding .
she walked back to the reception area .
my work area was a small cube farm of three terminals where carl , liz and i spent about ten hours a day monitoring internet traffic and phone lines for people doing nefarious deeds .
the tingly feeling did nt immediately fade and i wondered where he d found an area of carpet big enough to accumulate that much charge .
liz , clearly not believing that nathaniel was my nate , quickly cleared off some space in her area and set him up with a chair .
there was a huge dance floor area in the middle of the room with stairs going up to what seemed like another dance floor .
on my way back to the living room area , the phone rang .
after a quick shower and dressing , i emerged to the living area to see what nate had to report .
i looked around the area and did nt see zuba waiting , so i walked outside .
i sat in their patio area , people watching while eating the flaky delight .
once i was all washed up , i headed back out to the living room area where he had placed two plates of food .
in the summer , melvyn and mary were often seen playing in the pool around the fountain , their laughter echoing around the area and bringing smiles to the faces of any staff in the vicinity .
she found it easily enough and walked into the reception area saying a silent prayer that things would go alright .
the area has since become a restaurant row .
there s nothing else i wanted , other than to let you know that you wo nt be moving dirt in the area of the wall .
it will actually be a nice little area for shoppers to sit and relax , mister protter said .
just outside the footprint of building number three , in this parking area .
well , we can leave the square footage as it is , but move the west corner anchor into the parking area .
although the fire appeared to be under control by the time we left , an angry concentration of yellow and orange flames kept flaring up in one area , where the fuel truck had been emptied .
everyone at protter construction and development agreed the wall area would make a wonderful gathering place for customers .
this entire area will be covered by an open air shelter , he continued , not seeming to notice my roaming eyes .
the comic whoops and bangs and crashes of cartoons filtered to the small dinette area where we sat and i could hear one of the boys laughing .
it was in the area where the line dancing lessons would be starting up in a little while , but the man was chilled to the bone .
he stomped the white stuff off his boots , then crossed the closed - in porch area and heeled them off .
now , as you can see , this main area could double as a dining room .
sugar was shaky on her feet , and then they had to wait a few minutes in the very attractive reception area , and she looked so tired and strung out and nervous that tully almost ducked down to copper mountain chocolates to buy a whole bag of hazelnut clusters , since they d succeeded in bringing sugars energy level back up , last week .
ren was pouring the coffee , over in the kitchen area .
she dressed in the living area , and could nt stop herself from glancing toward the bedroom door and listening for the sound of the covers being folded back or rens bare feet plopping onto the hardwood floor .
the hallway ends in the area where passengers must have their passports stamped ; immigration its called , that first big room into which one enters after having walked through a tunnel to get there .
inside the dining area in glassy cabinets are all kinds of aromatic meats and he can feel the drops of saliva form on the tip of his tongue .
with this in mind he wandered deeper into the building for some time before he found an open area at the end of a long passageway , in which was a smooth silver post descending from somewhere above the ceiling down through the floor below .
a few older fellows and a couple of pudgy kids are waiting , leaning patiently against the wall and staring into the area where the toilets must be .
a few more men leave the stall area and the line inches ahead .
he did nt know that when he stopped at the rest area , after having driven two eighteen - hour days in tears , he would be informed that , though why may not always be answerable , it leads the search destined to be confirmed if one listenssss .
he then steps out of the stall and into the open waiting area .
he moves to an open area in the room near the foot of the bed where his wife will soon lie beside him , and on the floor next to them his buddy ku , curled tightly in a ball or flat on his back with his legs sticking upward , comfortable , safe .
i try to return the smile as we exit onto the second floor , and follow the signs that guide us toward the intensive care area .
chapter nine its retrograde amnesia , the doctor explains to us as we stand in the waiting area .
it was classic california spanish style with curved archways down the halls and a wide open living area connecting to a kitchen with a massive stove , dual fridges , and a stand up freezer .
ottomans and footstools littered the fronts of the couches , and a large wood coffee table , which appeared to be a slice of an actual tree , with a glossy finish sat in the middle of the sitting area with a variety of novels and architecture books strewed across it .
we d spend colder days in the malls and libraries until they closed , and we parked in hidden areas where we could crank the heater on and listen to old tunes on the radio or cd player .
behind the lobby area was a wall of smoked glass with double doors in the middle .
behind the doors was nothing but an open area leading to an elevator .
chapter 7 love is like a game of chess : one false move and you re mated i was escorted to a bright room with ten circular tables spaced throughout the area .
i made my way back to our office area and stopped at hanks station .
i gave a little wave and then walked into my office area .
i have no idea what goes on in the building other than my work area .
give me a second and ill get the things you need so you can be on your way , she said , marching up to the cashier area .
when we got out to the kitchen area , vinnie was sitting there waiting .
i glanced at the address i d scribbled down at grayson investigations where i worked as one of a handful of private investigators , and i pulled off the main avenue into a neighborhood area .
she indicated the round dining table behind the bar area like she would to a new guest .
the interior stood out with a predominance of wood and brass , especially around the bar area .
both indoor and outdoor seating areas were shown , highlighted by a large dining hall and central courtyard .
lissy asked , pausing in the hospital reception area .
she held her temper , put a hand on each of the little shoulders in front of her , and waited for heather and reese to find the ball of quills underneath a log on the side of the concrete - enclosed area .
a swing set and play area for reese sat on one side of the expansive backyard , and another log structure dominated the other side .
her glimpse of the kitchen left her equally impressed by its bright , spacious dining area , a gorgeous hunter green tile countertop and stunning cabinets that glowed rich amber beneath their varnish .
the lights were crooked , ornaments were crammed in some areas while branches were bare in others .
she pulled him to the dance area .
jeremiel tugged her towards the dining area where a group of senior citizens mingled in some sort of impromptu christmas party .
seeing a large notice board at one end of the parking area darcy walked over to have a look , thinking it might have some pertinent information about school events , timetables or term dates but the only notice pinned under the protective glass was a hand - written menu informing parents of the meals their offspring would be having for school lunches over the forthcoming week .
the vets reception area looked much like any shed ever visited , lots of posters with impossibly well groomed dogs and cats and shelves full of food , bowls and all the other paraphernalia for pampered pets that was on offer , to be sold at a premium price .
the big dog whined unhappily at being left , but released from his harness , clambered over the rear seats into the wide hatch area and lay down , head on paws .
pronouncing it all to be totally wicked , connor retreated to the childrens play area to battle it out for supremacy on his new pokemon game that he d talked darcy into buying at micromania .
ill go retrieve connor from the play area and well meet up back in the childrens section next to the caf .
he had walked up to darcy and connor who were checking out the soft toy display in the childrens area , darcy smothered a laugh , better not give up your day job .
they made their way downstairs to the storage areas to pick up and pay for the furniture and housewares they d chosen .
he added that the new below - ground suite would be accessible from the lower hallway without guests needing to infringe on another private area and he did nt mind that his own suite of rooms would be without lift access the stairs , he said , were good exercise .
plus i m thinking about new uses like , for instance , a nature - play area that could include a tree house .
i had thought i d plan for a formal garden with a sunken area to the immediate south of the chateau but now that i know about it , the walled garden might be a better location for that .
pulling off her glasses , she looked around at the stark grey surface of the parking area , which was really just a wider unmarked section of the drive , thinking , hmmm , serviceable but not very pretty .
they alighted , gabriel clipping a leash on frodo after the dog had made use of one of the tree - trunks before they walked together across the lane that separated the car park area from the garden entrance .
her weeks focused energies had been rewarded by completed drawings for the walled garden and formal garden area to the south of the chateau .
the reinstatement of the windows had made a transformation inside the cottage , with daylight flooding the salon and the stairwell and filtering through into the kitchen area .
she had amended the depth at one end of the pool in the sunken garden area to allow for the placement of large rocks that would function both as stepping stones and as refuges for the fish they planned to stock the pond with to hide under .
its good you got this to me today because i m bringing in a metal detector on monday before we complete the excavations for that area and for the heat - exchange trenches .
thinking , as darcy considered further , she supposed there were really five rooms the fifth being an area to the side and rear of the cottage -separated from the rest by a tall hedge jutting from the central spine wall instead of another brick wall and intended to give the residents of peppermint cottage a small private space that was for them alone with the added bonus of the feature stonework wall .
he had already been over to the walled garden area and spoken at length with len that morning .
they both knew the darkness outside hid from view the unfinished areas of the garden and that there were stacks of builders materials just outside the glow of the lamps .
we pulled into the area of the venue where the other tour buses were , and the excitement was starting to set in .
bryn had slept in later the next morning , but as soon as we stopped at a rest area , they pulled me aside and assured me if that happened again to their best friend they d stick one of their stilettos up my ass .
i do nt know , tyler suggested as he walked out from the mini kitchen area .
plus there was a cherry oak counter top in the kitchen area that looked close enough to a mini bar for me .
cale yelled over the loud music as we made our way past the dance floor into a private table area in the back for all of the bands .
we got our bill and went back inside to pay , where the owner gave us his business card and said next time we were down in that area , that he d let us hold a party on the patio free of charge .
when we first walked in , we saw the doctors office area that kyle told us to expect .
hopefully that explains everything and shell be showing up within the next couple of days surprised by our visit , nate said as he glanced around the clinic area we were standing in .
why do nt you do that and well rearrange the waiting room into a sitting area , so we can eat and talk about next steps , rick suggested .
we each took a couple plates and headed toward the rearranged sitting area .
we formed a line and filled our bowls , and then headed back out to the living area we d created to eat .
mama does nt get to leave the area where i m able contact her telepathically , and i prefer her to remain in the same room .
she and gary were hanging out in the sitting area .
we assembled in the sitting area when we had our tacos made .
johnnie moved from the table and went to his recording area .
resuming her running stride , sulandra sprinted for the control panel before ... blinding light filled the entire warehouse - like area .
* * * mark watched his favorite red - headed pastry chef flounce back to the food staging area outside the ballroom .
its also the storage area .
we made our way to the reception area , which had white and pink flowers everywhere .
we headed to the dining area and found joseph , trey and sean chowing down on chicken parts .
they settled into the dining area , so i could be involved in their conversations .
that s okay , he needs to hear this too , he said as we walked into the living area of the house .
from the living area i heard him speaking .
the area did have a nice open space where i thought i could do some damage .
i continued my sweep of the area and found a massive sheet cake with a gift table that was piled high with presents .
she sectioned off an area for your training .
shed sectioned off one of the back mats as our little work area .
we turned in our skates and walked over to the area of the park where the fair was happening .
he turned around , looking thoughtfully at the ordering area .
we chatted for nearly an hour , until we went into my living area to switch on the televisionwhich i hardly ever usedto see if any updates had come in on the scandal .
i walked around the island , technically into the dining area , and leaned up against the countertop .
i looked over at the display i had put on the island between the dining area and the kitchen .
he left and went back out to the sink area .
inside , there s a luxurious lobby area .
the huge apartment is open - plan , with a formal dining area , sitting room , and den all visible from the main hall .
the area was tinylittle more than a hallway , reallyand filled to the brim with the other bands standing around waiting for their sets .
i glanced around the backstage area .
amy and i are walking through the less organized area .
now i know why we had to drop the car off outside of the selling area .
for good measure i grab my extra one off the wall hook and put in the storage area .
we walk to the sitting area taking benjamin with me .
how else would the sunder helpers get back and forth from the lab to the holding area without stumbling in to walls or feeling their way down them at least .
since i m sure you know the layout of the place , where would the best area for him to hide be ?
nate grabbed my hand and took me to the back of the holding area .
it was the area of the house i was focusing on because i wanted to check on the food .
i was walking down a royal purple runner that spanned probably fifty feet to a stage - like area where nate , rick , frannie , and a minister were waiting .
he made his way back into the main shop area and went behind the gigantic glass display case .
the manager stepped out from the kitchen in the back , and into the main shop area behind the display case .
rule number eight : a shadow stalker can pleasure themselves to thoughts / pictures of his / her target , but not in a public area while looking at the target from afar .
michael was busy practicing his chocolate making skills in the kitchen , and could be seen through the glass in the main shop area .
tristan exited the kitchen and made his way back into the main shop area .
came minas voice as she and michael walked into the main store area from the kitchen and behind the display case .
by this time , issy and michael were in the main shop area watching the whole occurrence in shocked silence , not knowing what to do , and not knowing if they should interfere .
did you see the goalie area after the game ?
as we enter the parking area , there are several ambulances parked near emergency .
excusing myself , by the time i reach the hall , julianne is there and all i can hear is marcus suggesting that they check out the areas and see if they can find any trace of anthony or the others .
you re not leaving the courtyard area , are you ?
remember , if they hit the walls they recoil , so lets pass through this area quickly and stay away from the walls .
not wanting to engage in any additional unpleasant sparring with geoffrey when there are so many other issues to deal with , i deftly try to avoid them while crossing the lobby so that i can speak with the young mans parents who are sitting in the waiting area before leaving for the evening .
only one has entered so far , and gabriel is fighting him , holding his own in an area that appears perfectly calm .
i zeroed in on the area down the street she was pulling me toward , trying to see what she saw .
when i walked into the pool area that monday and approached the lap lanes , only lane two was open , the rest were occupied .
i did n't look around for her before leaving the pool area because i had no need to .
when i walked into the pool area two hours earlier than my normal time during the week , she was there in lane one .
opening the door to the locker room , i briskly walked through it and opened the door that led into the pool area .
i quickly left the pool area and went back through the locker room to the front lobby .
yet when i was done getting ready , i walked through that door anyway and straight into the pool area .
the pool area was empty except for an older man who was in the therapy pool next to the jacuzzi .
i do n't care that we 're at the health club and anyone can walk into the pool area .
i thought tenderly about the close relationship i had shared with my mother as i stared out the panes of some elegant french doors to the back yard area where she and i once played and had long conversations about everything from school to our family life to my future .
soon we passed the closely guarded threshold that accessed the back stage area of the starlight theater ; venturing behind the theaters scarlet hued curtain to pass into a luminous room that seemed like another world .
after taking seats on a red cushioned couch that marked the center of the backstage area , vladimir and i discussed the finer points of swan lake while oliver watched with interested eyes .
care for a tour of the stage area ?
i ve never cared more for a tour of the stage area , i told him , adding over my shoulder , and you , oliver , are not invited .
taking vladimirs arm , i ignored olivers probing gaze as i followed my guide through the solid black door that accessed the stage area .
dr better - than - average was showing dr male model the layout of the reception area .
he used his swipe card to get into the reception area , which was separated from the waiting room by lots of glass screens and horizontal wires .
he let himself out of the reception area , and started walking briskly towards the sliding doors that led to the car park .
it had been built with the best of intentions four tower blocks arranged around an area that used to be green with a broken set of swings and a slide .
she looked like she was struggling to imagine him in either of those two places the prison visiting area , or the prison car park , sitting in the black audi , listening to mozart , maybe , while she chatted to her father about his approaching parole review .
she went back to the reception area .
and used his swipe card to get into the reception area .
the bar at the fizz club ran right through from the public lounge into the back room , so that customers in both areas could be served by the same bartenders .
there was a serving area .
sherelle sat her bags inside her new studio apartment then gazed at the combined bedroom - kitchen area .
no table and chairs for the tiny dining area .
lennie parked his two - wheeler in the underground parking area of washington apartments then he phoned sherelle with plans to leave a message on her voice mail .
after they found a table in the cottage dining area , a voice matching the face he saw earlier unleashed old feelings .
she turned the vacuum on and began cleaning all carpeted areas .
cheyenne and the kitten were sitting in the waiting area when a woman rushed in with a macaw parrot and a frown .
sarah and the twins stood open - mouthed in the waiting area of the pizzeria while jeremy appeared flustered and confused .
her eyes followed jeremy stomp out of the waiting area and into the restaurant where the register was located with a for pick up sign above it .
bud guided cass by the arm as they walked down the stairs and toward the baggage claim area .
go on in , the woman said , pointing to the double doors beyond the reception area .
the two women entered a comfortable lounge area .
arranged next to big banks of windows , were several lounge areas with overstuffed tweed chairs , tables , and exotic potted plants .
kira waited in the lounge area , thinking his bronzed body would saunter through the door any second , but when amber invited them into the class space , he still had nt arrived .
glass enclosed seating areas opened to outdoor terraces wrapping around the building , offering abundant viewing spots for wildlife sightings .
the central lobby combined an inviting and comfortable array of fieldstone , sitting areas , plants and natural elements , all reflecting the rich splendor of the outdoors .
at the lodge , the guest rooms spanned a wide area so there was little chance anyone would notice one of them sneaking in or out of the others room .
the building also contained a store with local crafts , an elegant wine tasting area , and a restaurant where everyone consumed a mostly liquid lunch .
sure enough , she found an outdoor entertainment area and the group made themselves comfortable awaiting their arrival .
the houseboat , docked along with others , awaited them in the marina below the parking area .
this areas no good , but i m sure we can find something nearby .
if were focused on this general area , here would be the best spot to keep outside interactions to a minimum .
he crossed the small , but exceptionally neat , living - room area and looked between the floral - print sofa and matching loveseat , both situated around an oval , wooden coffee table as if asking her which he should sit on .
she raked a hand through her hair before moving to the kitchen area .
they opened to the congregational seating area where rows of pews faced a sanctuary .
he stepped into the small storage area and scanned the few titles that were not bibles .
on the right was a small area with statues of saints and another rack of unlit candles .
he laid his snow pants , coat , hat and gloves atop a wooden shelf and made his way into the living - room area , but not before removing the tome of ares from the backpack he d brought .
he walked in front of her , leading her to an open living room and dining - room area .
she allowed herself to be led to the spacious dining area where a lavish meal had been prepared for them .
she pushed past agnon out into the living - room area where jess sat , perched on the arm of the couch , hovering over scott .
she felt as if she were enclosed in a sealed area .
her eyes scanned the living room and kitchen area before she marched into her bedroom .
stepping back , she let him see that the rear seat had been laid flat , expanding the cargo area to hold dozens of cameras .
they stepped through a slender parting between the massive hangar doors , then headed to the stairs that led down into the subterranean storage areas .
at the north end was a wall that separated his bedroom and bathroom from the big kitchenette , living room , and dining area .
ava waited in the lobby area .
i ' ve finished the walls and now i ' m getting ready to arrange my reading area .
` ` okay , but then i want to get up to the waiting area .
it wo n't take long and then i 'll personally deliver you to the waiting area to sit around and be bored with the rest of us . ''
he paced sinuously along the edge of the waiting area , his long jeans - clad legs maintaining a precisely controlled stride .
lindsay walked with him over to the seating area .
his attention diverted to elijah , who 'd pushed to his feet and moved off the carpeted waiting area to the main concourse .
she moved around the corner of the house , discovering that the deck widened extensively at the rear , forming a landing area of sorts .
there was a large sitting area beside her and a massive entertainment center at the foot of the bed .
adrian headed toward his bedroom on the opposite side of the living area from lindsay 's .
the living area had been devoid of masculine voices for a while now , but she still took a deep breath of courage before opening the door .
the doors slid open directly into a massive reception area that kept visitors at bay until raguel was ready to receive them .
adrian moved deeper into the building , heading down into the subterranean storage areas .
lindsay stopped abruptly just outside the revolving doors leading to the awning - covered bellhop and valet area .
there would be eight guest bedrooms and one big kitchen and dining area where all the guests would eat dinner together .
he barely made it out of the parking area without hitting any other cars , but somehow he managed to head in the direction of home .
they made their way down a long hallway , past a small reception area , and finally into vernon 's office .
it 's such a pleasure having a beautiful woman in my serving area .
when the escort rolled her to the doors of the patient discharge area , she saw a familiar dark green ford explorer parked under the covered entrance .
` ` i ' m ... meeting someone , '' meg said , glancing around the waiting area looking for a man who resembled ` ` tall , dark and lonesome '' in the photo .
the voice drifted down from the upstairs area of the house .
there was a small waiting area with a coffeepot , paper cups and several outdated magazines .
lindsey sat in the waiting area , reading a two - year - old issue of car and driver as if it contained the answers to life 's questions .
pushing back her chair in order to get a fuller view of the inside dining area , robin searched through a sea of faces , but did n't find her neighbor 's .
it gave her an excellent view of the field - and of the parking area .
his coach must have said something to him because jeff nodded and took off running toward the parking area .
` ` they 're filming a movie , '' he cried , pointing toward a congested area farther down the pier .
` ` i suppose we ca n't sit together , '' firth said , disappointment in his voice , as they approached the seating area .
they all made their way back down the aisle , and over to the reception area .
but as thor made his way towards the training area , suddenly he was elbowed in the ribs from behind , and a small group of six boys , most of them younger , like thor , were herded off the main line .
for surely he had n't set up this establishment solely in anticipation of her arrival ... the area near the bed was equipped with all kinds of solid , shiny furniture with marble tops and alarming gilt feet that looked like they 'd come off some kind of beast or bird with great curving claws .
scarlet nodded toward the area near the champagne bar .
she closed her eyes as she withdrew her hand , not wanting to wake the sleeping child , and walked toward the tiny kitchen area in the hot , muggy trailer .
donovan breathed out and glanced in the direction of the dining area to make sure they were n't overheard .
her gaze moved from travis to where cammie sat across the room in a corner obviously designated as the play area .
with a satisfied smirk , he pulled out of the area that had provided cover for his vehicle - a rental that could n't be traced back to him - and fell in behind the jeep .
she struggled to right herself so she could at least shove herself up to a standing position so they 'd see she was alone when they entered the sales area .
joe entered the lounging area of the jet while the rest of the team stayed in the rows between the cockpit and the area that had the couch and the two armchairs .
joe entered the lounging area of the jet while the rest of the team stayed in the rows between the cockpit and the area that had the couch and the two armchairs .
cammie looked doubtful , but at donovan 's urging , she complied and slid from travis 's grasp only to grab his hand and tug him toward the makeshift play area sophie had constructed for the girls .
fresh tan and forest green paint spoke of steady business , as did the number of cars in the service area .
he entered the living area dressed in striped silk pajama bottoms and nothing else .
after he set up his work area , he picked up the transfer paper .
her heels clicked against the wooden floor as she made her way toward the back of the dining area .
the dining area was tight and people 's conversations were easy to overhear .
elaine and andy came into the waiting area and she rose to meet them .
she edged down the hall and focused on the television hung on the wall in the waiting area .
` ` dale and i are all finished out front , '' alyssa said , gesturing over her shoulder to the bar area .
she leaned back in her chair to stare out into the front area .
they both shook their heads and watched her retreat into the back area .
several other officers at desks in the area stopped to watch as he followed behind .
it made for a poor living area , but it was an awesome theater .
she left the changing area and came back a moment later carrying a lovely ornate dress .
she sat in the private area alone , desolate , inconsolable .
there were plenty in the seattle area , but the air was moist and vegetation abundant .
ken asked , steering the small party toward the baggage area .
help me , god , he prayed , then he forced his arms to his sides and strode into the area .
the ivory plastic of nordstrom 's designer departments hung clustered in one area .
pam 's shoulders sagged with defeat as they entered the dressing room area .
she walked across the yard to the old church building and let herself in by the side door that opened onto the sanctuary area .
she could tell from the sounds drifting from the reception area that the party was underway .
the area around the altar was empty as well .
` ` i ' ve already inquired about doing my student teaching in the seattle area , and it does n't look like it 'll be any problem . ''
` ` i thought they looked very nice in the welcoming area , '' she said .
he stepped onto the floor and walked toward the waiting area .
` ` hello , '' he said , walking into the waiting area .
unwilling to question madge , he returned to the waiting area and called the bartelli children and bernard .
` ` he 's in the garage , '' emilio said , gesturing to the narrow doorway that led to a large open area that served as the repair shop .
enormous chandeliers gleamed from above , their glittering lights transforming the entire area .
` ` we ' ve been to visit matthias in the seattle area , '' mercy told him in an offhand manner meant to suggest that gabriel probably already knew about it .
mercy cried , pacing the area directly behind edward 's desk .
he followed the sign that pointed to the emergency room ; it led him to a large waiting area .
phil turned and saw a stunningly beautiful woman at least twenty years his brother 's junior come racing across the emergency - room waiting area .
his taillights disappeared as he turned the corner and drove toward the employees ' designated parking area , joining a line of other vehicles .
locking the room , she carried the soccer balls to the equipment area , then headed toward the faculty parking lot .
walking up the tiered stairway called hill climb from the waterfront area to the market , anne paused to look back over elliot bay , watching as the green - and - white washington state ferry glided toward the pier .
seattle and the puget sound area were beginning to feel like home .
in the waiting area the nurse handed him his coat , which hung on a peg on the wall .
a few minutes later , kera and i were alone and she joined me at the sitting area .
the way the room is situated has both our beds in the same area with a little jack and jill bathroom off of one end that we share with the girls next door .
there were tall oak - framed windows in the living room and a tiled area inside the entryway that said ` ` welcome '' in german .
he followed her through the main reception area and into another office , taking in the plush carpet and quality furniture and fittings .
the open plan of the living and dining area , abundant with natural light , soaked up the magnificent panoramic views of the harbor ... her words , not his .
we 're supposed to be- '' he grabbed the remote and flicked it off , bathing them in muted light from the dining area across the room .
but by the time she walked into the reception area of his office , anxiety had taken hold .
she lifted her head and saw blake 's half sister , erica prentice , come out of the kitchen area and walk through the room with joel remy , the resort doctor .
she could only stay in there so long , and soon she wandered back into the lounge area and drew the drapes against the encroaching night , before switching on the lamps .
her half - open beige door allowed sound to travel easily from the reception area , and she heard debbie , the receptionist , gasp and say , ` ` oh , that 's laura 's delivery guy ! ''
just thinking about hot monkey office sex was getting her - laura came to a screeching halt at the sight before her in the reception area , where ten or so coworkers were crowded around the lobby television .
normally set to news , this time was no different , the morning chat show that masqueraded as ` ` news '' barking out into the open area .
then sit in the waiting area again until called .
there was also a formal dining room and family living areas with five bedrooms and bathrooms , a study upstairs and one downstairs , and a kitchen with modern conveniences in an old - fashioned style .
the sound of clinking glass from behind told sasha that iris had come out on the patio area .
then he led her toward an area set aside for dancing .
the front door opened onto a small foyer , which accessed the main living area and a small dining room that he could use as a temporary office .
derek barely had time to set the food down at the concession area , before jacob dragged him off .
this time derek punched him in the arm and then directed him to the changing area next to the pool , that was already stacked with extra suits .
she sighed as she stood in the waiting area .
she did n't know how they managed to find their way to different areas of the home .
ryan was even building a play area , which would benefit their daughters and their clients children as well .
she wandered over to the play area and smiled .
beyond that area he had not only added a large bathroom but had created a break room .
on wooden legs she stepped from the doors and made her way to the beautiful desk , which sat in the middle of a huge reception area .
you need to get your mind off of what 's going on , '' ryan suggested as they walked towards the waiting area .
she 'd been in awe of his private jet , which had luxuriously soft carpet , a comfortable seating area , two bedrooms , full - sized bathroom , and a kitchen .
sierra stood in the dim light of the aircraft as she entered the main cabin area .
the room was spacious , with work areas , a kitchen , bar , luxury bathrooms , even a baby grand piano .
the small area was chic , but with a sense of comfort , too , as tables were artfully arranged to give members privacy .
chapter eleven damien and sierra entered their suite and he immediately moved toward the small kitchen area , flicking on the coffee pot .
damien grabbed his coffee cup then moved out of the kitchen area , leaving sierra no choice but to either stand there with her mouth gaping , or run after him .
she found him in the dining area , a table with covered dishes already waiting .
anger flared in damien 's stomach as he flung a robe around himself and walked back out to the living area of the hotel suite .
the small area had a roof but it did n't offer much protection .
gabriel held my hand and walked me over to a seating area .
we walked down another hall , bypassing the reception area completely .
` ` let 's go to my sitting area , emma , and i 'll fix you a drink . ''
grateful for her kindness and support , i followed her through the elegant waiting area .
before me was a wall of bulletproof glass that framed the double - door entrance to the reception area .
almost exactly twenty minutes later , i buzzed steven ellison through the waiting area doors .
when we reached the top floor , the waiting area we stepped into was considerably larger and more ornate than the one on the twentieth .
i 'd barely pulled myself together when the doors opened and revealed mark pacing in the waiting area on our floor .
clancy , who had been waiting for me in the reception area , followed me , and i knew better than to try and blow him off .
there were three distinct seating areas , each one larger than mark 's entire office , and a bar that showcased jeweled crystal decanters , which provided the only spots of color in a palette that was otherwise black , gray , and white .
we were shown to a small seating area by the balcony and settled at a table hugged by two half - moon velvet sofas .
gideon must have felt the same way , because i found scott waiting for me at reception when i reached the cross industries waiting area .
when he saw me , he came over and directed me to a far corner of the sparring area where we could work one - on - one .
the reception area was mostly empty , as i made my way through the elaborate lobby .
the dressing room area suddenly seemed too quiet and small and i was overly aware of each breath she took .
standing in the arrival area , i gave myself one last pep talk .
i quickly made my way across the elegant marbled floor and placed my key in the slot on the wrought iron gate leading to the outdoor area .
i could tell everyone i loved her , i could hold her hand , i could ask hera familiar , cheerful voice from the reception area broke into my thoughts .
our moment of peace was short lived as hushed voices began to filter in from the reception area .
there were trees everywhere , and off in the distance was a little seating area , screened from the rest of the yard by a wall of blooming vines .
and water everywhere - tinkling water features that filled the valet areas , the crashing sounds of waterfalls from the bigger hotels , and a massive fountain that nearly every tourist tossed coins into as they passed - even here , away from the glitz and glamour of the large casinos .
although the car traffic on las vegas boulevard had cleared up significantly , the valet area was still a mess : some of the same cars were parked curbside and there was n't a taxi in sight .
` ` zig , '' i heard , and looked up to see will smiling down at me from the loft seating area .
if i 'd been asked to draw you a picture of a romantic eatery , it would have looked exactly like this : cream walls , silvery grays and chocolate browns , arches and grecian columns that skirted the main dining area .
` ` yeah , about that , '' i start , then nod towards the cafe area of the shop .
below the room normally only occupied by the easy chairs and sofa has been transformed into the main non - play area , just as usual .
apparently i do n't have a say in this so i nod , still perplexed about bella 's reaction but let her drag me away into one of the more secluded waiting areas .
when i go back into the shop i see that beth is finally done talking to the woman she has been holed up with in a corner of the cafe area for the last half hour .
` ` here we go ... ` ` with the patio area open and visible from the street , we could hear our fathers talking before we 'd even made it in the door .
now that the sun was starting to set , the huge outdoor seating area twinkled with strings of tiny lights .
a little while later , my mom called to let us all know that dinner was starting and we moved back to the dining area .
climbing out of bed , i moved into the main room of our suite and to the small bathroom adjoining the living area .
will was n't as lucky , and the sound of him tumbling around in the cargo area could be heard from the front seat .
i climbed down and opened the back door , watching as will stumbled from the cargo area , and immediately moved to throw up in the bushes .
a sea of tables draped in crystal and silver and more tiffany blue covered the lawn area .
he took my hand and began guiding me to the area where the photographer had set up the tripod .
i walk back out into the dining area , looking around with interest .
i gesture toward my downstairs area and he shakes his head .
there 's no coffee bar , lounge area or girls dressed to the nines .
` ` see that area right there ?
my stomach growls , so i close down my computer and venture out to the commons area where the vending machines are .
the women in the reception area seem to agree .
the emergency room waiting area seems like a wasteland for lost souls .
i step a little bit further into the open area and hear the guys running around upstairs and down , searching for jesse , and as the bottom of the stairs comes into view , i notice the empty bottle of vodka is still on the console table .
i walk back into the big open living area and see all of my bags placed in a neat row at the side of the stairs .
i leave them and not knowing what else to do , i go and sit myself on a sun lounger on the decking area and cry to myself - loud , shoulder shaking , pouring tears crying , while i try to find some direction and guidance .
there are people scattered around the seating areas , drinking and talking , probably discussing what the evening could have in store for each of them .
he carries me onto the terrace and across the limestone slabs to the raised decking area , the sounds of london by night clear in the cool evening air .
i take myself across to the main open area and sit myself down .
the young man leads us into a luxurious private area and jesse pulls me over to a big , leather sofa .
an hour later , we return to the plush personal shopping area with a young guy pulling a rail of dresses and shoes .
i walk out of the personal shopping area and find jesse waiting for me .
as the huge open plan area comes into view , i hear the low mesmerising tones of the moody blues , nights in white satin falling over me from all of the integrated speakers .
she jumps down from the stool and makes her way to the smoking area .
the summer room has been returned to its former relaxing space of sofas and chairs scattered across the vast area , members gathered , chatting and drinking .
chapter six seth scanned the crowded bar area at ivy , looking for the blonde from the auction .
she threw on her bikini and walked outside to the pool area .
could you possibly meet me in the outdoor seating area ?
it boasted a lincoln log - type swing set / play area , a permanent croquet course , a badminton court , a swimming pool , and a boat - rental shed .
she walked through the reception area and went into harriet 's large corner office , going over to stand in front of the window .
a few minutes later , claire stepped into a dressing area that was bigger than her bedroom .
she opened the door and stepped into the dressing area .
meghann took her sister 's arm and led her out to the small area behind the closed church doors .
they made their way through the staging area , past the musicians and singers who were warming up .
just about every woman in the bar was oozing desire for chase , lining up around the stage area , all of them wearing sexy little outfits sized in the single digits instead of double .
he strode back and forth the backstage area , clutching his mic in one hand , eyes bright and focused .
a male figure was standing just off to the side of the stage area .
` ` you 'll see in just a second , '' jeff said , leading me through the casino floor to the theater area .
he already had tickets , and we were led into a concert area bustling with tattooed , pierced , spike - haired , ponytailed rock fans .
the backstage area was huge and crowded , everyone scurrying and chattering into walkie - talkies , checking lists on tablets as they walked .
a warmer sat a few feet away , this side of the curtain and away from the sterile surgical area .
the doors opened up to a massive lobby area with a round cherry wood desk .
the elevator chimed and the doors opened to a huge lobby area that would rival the best hotels in new york .
she jumped into the warm ocean and swam around until she was tired , then found a covered lounge area and pulled out her favorite romance book .
she noticed a similar theme around the area of the house she 'd seen so far .
there was a huge living room area and three bedrooms .
the woman said and started moving towards the wedding reception area .
he took her hand and led her out to the er waiting area .
she would ' ve thought there 'd be boxes everywhere , but it looked as if the area had been set up for years .
it had beautiful , soft carpeting , comfortable chairs , couches and a hall , leading to other areas .
she quickly showered , dressed and then practically ran to the dining area .
she immediately got to work hanging decorations and lights throughout the area .
he slowly walked around the offices , noticing there was n't a single area not touched , whether it was with lights , mistletoe , garland , or bells .
cassie took the badge without another word and looked around at the crowded area .
she looked around the spacious area and felt her stomach tighten as her nerves overtook her even more .
where was the hustle and bustle of people like she 'd seen in the reception area ?
there was a buffet style serving area with a line of people , and employees serving food that smelled delicious .
max told her to meet him in the lobby , so she did n't want to head to his office , which left her sitting in the nearly vacant security area .
she knew if she 'd come in on her own she would ' ve sat in the waiting area forever .
` ` there 's not a whole lot of room but we should all fit around the table , '' chad said , taking over and leading them to her hardly adequate dining area .
she was far more terrified for all the innocent children around the play area than she was for herself .
within a few minutes , bree joined them in the waiting area .
he heard glass shattering in one of the back bedrooms and he immediately ran for that area .
she glanced at the reception area with people calling out orders , and chaos reigning .
` ` no problem , mr . anderson , '' he said before practically running inside the food area .
she walked over to the sitting area and grabbed the remote , pressing a button , causing a soothing fire to leap to life in the huge built in gas fireplace .
i figure i 'll get you in a good mood first , then demand you spill your guts , '' cassie said , moving over to the sitting area and setting the items down .
he must have broken every speed limit in the seattle area , urgency pushing him on .
though george 's son trenton was now in charge of anderson and sons incorporated , george still liked to keep up on what was going on in the seattle area .
` ` perfect , '' haley gasped as she glanced around the spacious living room area .
the bathroom even had a separate beauty area with a dark velvet bench where she could sit if she wanted to apply makeup and do her hair .
as if he were unable to stand anymore , he moved to a seating area in the corner of his spacious office and sank down into a chair .
yet she made no comment as the two of them walked side by side toward the ornate patio doors behind an elegant sitting area .
i do n't know if many men would have been so considerate , '' she said and followed him to the living area .
she stepped off the elevator and into the spaciously appointed waiting area , with lush cream carpets and dark green walls with gilt edges on the molding .
a glass wall and door separated the main office section from a private meeting area , and opposite that was a chaise with a small table beside it .
there was a small , squared off area for dancing , too , except it looked like dancing was currently not in fashion because everyone steered as far away from the dance floor as possible .
the first floor , the door we entered through , was a large , wide open living room - styled area .
then the kitchen , to the sides , with a small dining area past that .
the main living area i 'd spent the night in was most of the first floor , then the kitchenette area added in , too .
the main living area i 'd spent the night in was most of the first floor , then the kitchenette area added in , too .
the living room , kitchen , and dining area were actually all one combined room , separated by a countertop .
he stepped past the ` ` dining area '' and into the ` ` living room . ''
my heels clicked across the concrete and i made my way through the dimly lit area to the ground floor elevator .
he set up little reading areas behind bookcases shaped into rooms , with blank spaces as doors .
asher and i walked past the children 's reading area , where some local parents brought their younger kids for special readings after school , and then through the gaming room .
voices crawled through the air towards us , creepy , wispy sounds , and the lights overhead illuminated the storage area with a pale , faded glow .
i had n't run towards the door connecting the storage area to the shop ; i 'd run to the unused loading dock in the complete opposite direction .
revulsion gagged her as rough hands dragged her toward the outdoor shower area reserved for the guards .
only a haphazardly strung set of lights illuminated the mining area , and the shadows outnumbered the lighted areas .
when cav had expressed his gratitude , the young father had shown cav into the living area , then pointed to a framed photograph on the wall .
rain streaked down the tall glass panes as carrie stood alone , staring out the window of the waiting area outside the consulate 's office at the u.s . embassy in jakarta .
in the hallway that separated the living area from the bedrooms , she flattened her palms against the wall and leaned back against it .
food in one area , clothes in another , tools in another still .
he walked by the front desk , the six lanes and ball returns , the shoe rental counter and the grill , turned and jogged up the stairs to the squat second floor that held his ( or his father 's if his father was in the mood ) office , a closet - sized john , and a mammoth storage area .
he stepped into the tidy reception area , and there was alice hawbaker at the desk .
beyond the reception area a hallway held a powder room on one side and a library on the other .
he watched her eyes track around the diner area , and decided she was weighing where to sit , whom to approach .
she put on mental blinders so as not to be tempted by stacks and reading areas until she found herself in local interest .
she stepped into the attractive , homespun reception area .
the door opened straight into the living area that stood twice as long as it was wide , with the steps to the second floor a couple of strides in on the left .
she dug out her membership key - thanks , cal - to open the door to the fitness area , pressed her guest pass number on the keypad .
alone , cal printed out the information on the automatic systems , new and reconditioned , then shut down long enough to go downstairs and check in with the front desk , the grill , the play area during the morning leagues games .
to the right , a giant portrait of a beautiful sunset filled with pinks and oranges , hung above a marble fireplace in the cozy area .
` ` over here , '' seth called to her , sticking his head around a corner just past the cozy area .
seth led her to a small cordless phone set up in the less formal area of his living room .
` ` a nice work area and a bedroom in the back .
there was an old rug , a futon , and a low plastic coffee table in the open area near the kitchen .
he ran out into the main living area where alicia was standing with her hand on her hip , mentally shoving him into the pigeonhole of abusive barbarism she had made for him .
jody got out of bed , went to the bedroom door and closed it , shutting out the light from the living area .
tommy went into the living area , looking up at her as he walked under .
they hauled the turtles up the steps and set the crates on the floor in the kitchen area .
another area of the screen recorded the time they had boarded and another showed exterior views of the yacht : the raft tied up at the rear , the dock , fog sweeping over the saint francis clubhouse .
she leaped out of bed and went into the living area , not stopping to turn on the light .
jacqueline sat in the waiting area and sipped coffee while a verbal skirmish occurred in the background .
he asked as she hurried past him to her own area of the house .
their order was ready , and they found a table in the middle of the seating area .
` ` do n't be such a pessimist , '' margaret mumbled as we sat in the waiting area .
long before i was ready to confront the inevitable , peggy came into the waiting area .
then her hero had carried her into the hospital waiting area .
she had a microwave , her own bathroom , a television area complete with rocking chair , and her single bed .
when the doors opened , the group flowed into the pool area .
taking the advice she 'd been given , she walked over to the shower area , turned on the faucet in the end shower and stuck her head inside .
rather than leave them in the laundry area , she carried them to the boys ' room .
when annie left , courtney returned her tray to the kitchen area , where she saw two other girls with their heads together , whispering and looking at her .
this area was well lit and , supported by her cane , she started out .
waiting in the small reception area , she gazed out the window over the massive yard , stacked with row upon row of timber .
twenty hours later , colette and elizabeth were at sea - tac airport , waiting outside the secure area for christian and his father to clear customs .
people started to emerge from the customs area a few at a time and then finally the door opened and elliott dempsey stepped out , followed by his son .
after margaret and i closed up shop for the day , we decided to leave my vehicle in the parking area .
she walked over to the blue , green and teal yarns that lined one area of the shelves .
eventually anne marie located the school office , which had a small waiting area , a large counter that stretched across the room and a number of offices behind it .
if she chose to sit in the wheelchair area , that was her business , as long as no one legitimately needed the seat .
when lillie pulled into the parking space outside the service area , hector immediately stepped outside as if he 'd been standing by the door , waiting for her .
he gestured toward the red convertible parked near the service area .
when she 'd entered the pool area , the attendant had explained that this was the adult lap swim .
inside the waiting area , lillie got a cup of coffee from the machine and picked up that day 's paper .
the room had become a catch - all , a storage area for anything that did n't have a f irm place in our lives .
while the receptionist led her back to visit with her brother , i sat in the waiting area and took out my knitting .
tim sat out in the waiting area and stood up when they appeared .
the central district health clinic waiting area was filled to capacity when i stepped inside .
once she was out of earshot , i went to the waiting area .
i had the attention of everyone in the waiting area , which was what i wanted .
i paid for our order , then carried the tray to the adjacent area where picnic tables were set up .
i directed her to the area behind the receptionist 's desk .
he 's finished his community service there , and he 's back in the seattle area . ''
when i walked out of my office , macy was waiting for me in the reception area , her purse draped over her shoulder .
perhaps he had n't seen her enter the patio area .
she found the area where she 'd been earlier and slid onto the stool .
when they reached the hard rock hotel and casino , he pulled into the parking area , where the valets assisted drivers .
my glance around the area was rhetorical .
i headed across the small living area , flicked the lock , picked up the metal rod that braced the door , and slid it open .
as the two walked away to the main area where the teens were being evacuated , mike snorted and looked over at colt .
he must have sat in one of the two waiting area chairs , listening to the conversation with allan .
` ` this looks like a prime lovemaking area . ''
all four seats in the waiting area were full .
his arms wrapped around her and he carried her back to the small private area .
the park , a sizable one , was within city limits , and a stretch along the bank of the deschutes river was manicured and included a picnic area and playground .
a mother and several children were straggling from the children 's area , all carrying their selections .
he left her in the living area while he put coffee on to brew , but was able to watch as she wandered , studying the books on his shelves rather than sitting down .
scanning the interior he felt momentary surprise before his focus locked onto nell , sitting on a bench in the dining area .
as he started to stride back in the direction he 'd come , he saw a young woman sitting alone at one of the tables outside of the primary traffic area .
my suitcases are in the reception area here .
he walked away from the table to a quieter area near the restrooms .
she dropped her purse by the door and walked into her tiny living area .
she 'd gotten up and walked to the glassed - in area of the box to look down on the floor .
three other people - maybe they 'd won some of the smaller payouts - were seated in the small waiting area .
she nodded to the people in the waiting area behind jenner , and they all got up from their chairs .
the first thing she saw when she reached the baggage claim area , though , was a uniformed hispanic man holding a sign that said ` ` red - wine . ''
sooner than she 'd expected , the limo was pulling into the impressive loading area .
her driver pulled up to the luggage area where a swarm of men were unloading , tagging , and reloading a mountain of luggage .
from where the chair was positioned in the bedroom , jenner could n't see even a sliver of the living area , but she could hear them very easily and knew they would be just as attuned to any noise she made .
` ` i 'll get the ice , '' bridget said , turning back into the living area and returning in a few seconds with the ice bucket .
the surveillance equipment would already have been installed and tested , and they would n't be forced to settle , for now , on eyes and ears in the bedroom instead of the living area - and he would n't be forced to listen to the nonstop commentary on what he was doing .
except for the public areas , ships were more private than most people realized .
with the way the evening was structured , with different sections of passengers being allowed in the casino for an hour at a time for the big charity gamble , there were times when none of the team was actually in the casino area keeping an eye on larkin .
then there was a gap , with no one in the third group , or the fourth - two hours without anyone in the casino area watching him .
they were keeping their voices low , but the noise around the pool area was such that they could have used normal speaking voices without worrying about being overheard .
bridget went into the bedroom area and cael followed .
she chose a chair in the seating area that put her back to the wall .
electrical areas , engine room , control room , water treatment , anywhere near the hull ...
he walked into the deserted kitchen , past the food prep area .
he led her to the back of the buildings , toward the service area .
` ` there is a study area in the back that is usually empty so we can talk without disturbing anyone , '' i explained .
chapter eleven dank the rest of the band had crashed in the main lounge area back stage .
the large area looked like a field with a gazebo covered in white lights sat in the middle of it .
a small round table sat in the center of the covered area .
attorneys milled about the crowded area , conferring with their clients , and she looked around , expecting to find ian , bracing herself for the inevitable confrontation .
grace echoed , following her out of the locker room and into the aerobics area of the gym .
` ` if that 's all you have ... '' ` ` from the spokane area . ''
the navy has set up a meeting area on base for husbands , wives and family members to wait for news .
next , they learned that the explosion had occurred in the munitions area , which sent gasps of horror rippling through the room .
they met in the waiting area .
kristen led the girl to a fairly secluded area by the window , where the lighting was good .
the girl nodded and led seven - year - old tyler and boomer to the opposite end of the area reserved for the program .
` ` i ' m going to be in the seattle area again soon . ''
a round inlaid wood table dominated the area with a floral arrangement so huge it was like one he 'd expect to find in a five - star hotel lobby .
she did n't see his car in the parking area , but she rang his doorbell and waited .
the reception area had a sofa and a chair , with magazines neatly fanned out on the adjoining end tables .
olivia looked toward the front of the restaurant and saw ben rhodes enter the dining area .
a few chairs were lined up against the wall in the waiting area and an end table held a number of outdated magazines .
until then bruce had n't realized that there were two or three ladies in the waiting area a few feet away .
once she 'd visited the seattle area , shirley had agreed .
the waiting area held six chairs , four of which were occupied .
she followed the woman out of the waiting area and into an examination room .
the radio was reporting on weather and traffic in the seattle area .
` ` there 's a new stove , too , '' will said , opening the oven door to display the large baking area .
he paced the waiting area restlessly , wondering how long this would take .
since the pancakepalace would definitely be crowded after the win , cliff suggested the captain 's galley in the downtown area .
she buried her hands in the pockets of her long wool coat and matched her pace to his as they walked toward the gazebo and picnic area .
her mother asked unnecessarily , drawing olivia into the large room , which was set up with tables seating eight , a buffet area and a slightly raised stage that held the speaker 's podium plus the head table .
the gazebo area , where the concerts on the cove were held each thursday night during summer , was deserted .
for nearly an hour she sat alone in the waiting area .
i 'd been up to washington , the seattle area , several times .
but today she saw that there was a carpet in the living area - a lovely berber rug in soft greens and grays - and the oak woodwork around the windows overlooking puget sound was beautifully varnished .
while she talked to several other parents , bruce lingered ; jolene showed him her desk and led him to the play area at the back of the room .
mary lou walked over to the counter , which acted as a partition between the waiting area and the inner office .
while grace sat in the waiting area , she felt sick with guilt .
tall , dark , ruggedly good - looking , he seemed to energize the compact waiting area .
with his duffel bag over his shoulder , ian reached for her hand as they walked toward the parking area .
the kitchen could wait ; besides , that area was jon 's domain .
she glanced into the dining areas , but the woman seemed to have disappeared after seating the two parties ahead of her .
with buttercup trotting beside her , grace walked to the marina area .
as if the conversation had suddenly made bruce feel awkward , he walked over to the waiting area and claimed a chair .
janet was getting everything organized for the cashiers , who were situated at the rear of the restaurant near the bar area .
grace could only imagine what it was like in the waiting area where the bachelors and dogs were congregated .
standing in the well - lit parking area outside the restaurant , it would have been awkward to do anything more than exchange pleasantries .
he held open the door for her and they walked into the reception area .
while he gathered up the remainder of his things , she walked out to the parking area to start the car .
dread almost overwhelmed him as she backed out of the parking area .
even in the rain , people milled around the area as if they were on the sunny beaches of hawaii .
beyond the small instructor area , theater seats rose in tiers to a set of upper doors where students were entering .
morrissey 's work site in black diamond , southeast of seattle , had an equipment shack in a large area enclosed within chain - link fencing .
the locked - off area held parked bulldozers , backhoes , massive concrete - and - metal culverts and other equipment owned by warren construction , the washington state contractor responsible for building a twenty - mile section of road .
the small dining area was as pristine and neat as the kitchen .
chloe had a quick impression of space and high ceilings before jake switched off the engine and headlights , throwing the area into blackness .
she and nick were in the surgical waiting area .
as she opened the front door of smith , cox and jefferson , allison noticed that the reception area was full of clients who 'd waited until the last minute to file their taxes .
the deck afforded katie a small play area , too , and maryellen could keep an eye on her .
allison sat in the waiting area until justine was free .
again and again seth had bemoaned the fact that the lighthouse did n't have an area large enough to hold private banquets .
allison 's closest friends had gathered in the waiting area , talking animatedly , laughing nervously , discussing plans and exchanging bits of gossip .
the floor was carpeted to absorb sound and the reading area with its overstuffed chairs and displays of books welcomed anyone stepping inside .
the waterfront area was decorated by flowering baskets that hung from the light posts .
as he walked into the waiting area , ellen and joseph immediately stood .
she paced outside the security area at sea - tacairport , counting the minutes until he appeared .
the driver found them in the baggage claim area , and soon they were on their way .
bobby escorted her to the viewing area , where teri was given a prominent seat .
the seattle area rarely experienced a white christmas , and under other circumstances mary jo would ' ve been thrilled at the prospect of snow .
when she stepped inside , she saw dozens of cut - out snowflakes suspended from the ceiling in the children 's area , as well as a display of seasonal picture books , some of which - like a snowy day- she remembered from her own childhood .
snow in the seattle area was infrequent and a lot of folks did n't know how to handle it .
they 'd fumbled and bumbled their way across the puget sound area and eventually arrived , just in time to see their newborn niece .
they continued to stand in their respective areas , faith near the front door , troy on the other side of the room .
when she exploded into the foyer at the birthing center she found james wilbur pacing the area , waiting for her .
` ` before you 're allowed in the birthing area , '' he said in dispassionate tones , ` ` you have to be cleared .
he led christie down the hallway to a waiting area outside the labor rooms .
` ` give teri my love and tell her i ' m in the waiting area if she needs anything . ''
i assume it 's hidden somewhere in the garage , seeing he 's targeted that area . ''
chad was speaking to a nurse in the background ; he paused when he saw her , said a few words to the nurse and started toward the reception area .
though the landlord had taken little notice of the fact that will was nephilim , there were others in the common area of the inn who did .
will , jem , and tessa were standing at the top of a row of stairs that cut through the center of the seating area , which was three quarters full of people .
she had not realized at first that the shadowhunters did much for themselves that a typical family of good breeding would find beneath them - started their own fires , did some of their own shopping , kept rooms like the training area and the weapons room cleaned and neat .
marble floors stretched from one end of the area to the next .
` ` let 's just say there was enough for antonio to decorate each table and the entire bar area , and he had an extra dozen leftover to bring home to his girlfriend . ''
seth frowned and leaned against the doorway that separated the living room from the small kitchen area .
down the hall she saw noah and liam standing in the small reception area .
when the man appeared in the sitting area , joel said , ` ` call ahead and have my personal physician waiting for us when we arrive .
` ` why do n't we walk down to the waiting area , '' noah suggested .
they walked down the hall to a small waiting area , and liam sank onto one of the chairs .
then she was lifted from her seat and carried toward the back where the lounging area was .
she glanced around the living room and was taken by the richness of the woodwork and the large stone fireplace that was the centerpiece of the cozy area .
they needed another week at least to finish the front , which would become the new reception area .
inside there was a reception desk and a small sitting area with two people sitting while one stood talking to the woman manning the desk .
he carried her back to the lounge area to a comfortable leather couch , and he settled onto it , holding her against his chest .
they led her to the area beside the one small dressing room and had her sit .
in the back , there was a large open area where stacks of hay bails stood .
he reached forward and plucked her off the counter and carried her into the sitting area of the suite .
chapter eighteen holly wiped the palms of her hands on her jeans as they stood in the reception area of the lawyer 's office .
she glanced back at the men who had taken seats in the small waiting area .
when she entered the living area of the suite , adam and ethan both looked up from where they sat .
in contrast , without the sunlight , the registration area seems dull and vaguely gray .
daniel is in the registration area , pacing , talking on the phone .
it seems like a year ago that i turned into the long - term parking area .
silvery fish inlaid in the tile lead me to the baggage claim area , where i rent a sensible car and get a map of western washington .
off to the left is a covered barbeque area surrounded by picnic tables .
beyond the three rows of seats , there was a small sitting area with a couch and one chair with a coffee table and a television .
to her left between the seats and the cockpit was a small galley area complete with a steward .
they 'd want to do mock - ups of the advertising and have it prominently displayed on the television monitors in the maddox reception area .
with brisk efficiency , she rounded the corner of her desk and gestured toward the set of couches in the waiting area .
she hurried up the row of seats and then cut over to the section that adjoined the home - plate area .
instead they went down to a restricted area , where celia flashed a pass he had n't seen up to this point .
you two can wait for me over there , '' he said , gesturing toward a sitting area that was removed from the chaos of the open locker room .
interesting that they were all back in the players area and that they 'd sat in different areas for the game , although celia had said she 'd gotten the tickets particularly for him .
i 'll make sure to put an end to any speculation going on in the office , but i ca n't control what people think or say outside the work area .
she was so riveted with horror at the possibility it was a moment before she realized the parking area was empty .
she began cleaning the dining room while sherry finished in the kitchen ; then she vacuumed and dusted downstairs - at least in all the public areas .
cate had been watching for her , and when the black jeep liberty pulled into the parking area , she and the boys ran out to meet her .
the first tiling she did was look out her side window into the parking area below , to see if mr . layton had returned during the night and was perhaps sleeping in his car , since she had n't been awakened by any pounding on the front door .
there were two other cars in the side parking area , and one parked in the rear in a separate garage building .
considering the vehicles in the parking area , at least two of those rooms were occupied , maybe more , depending on how many people had been in each car .
cassandra led the way from the shop , through her living area , and out the back door .
his memories centered on the denver area and his father 's family .
i ' m afraid you ca n't venture beyond this waiting area . ''
` ` it 's a sorting area , so to speak , '' the man said .
edward 's space consisted of a living area with a bed , kitchen table , and sink all in one room .
the layout of the room was typical of motels , with the sink and vanity area in an open alcove at the rear of the room , and the toilet and tub / shower in a tiny room by themselves .
the parking lot was lit , but the rain had seemed to absorb a lot of the light and he 'd parked in a deep well of shadows between two rigs , in the area normally used only by the truckers .
he let himself in , removed his wet slicker and put it in the tiny laundry area just off the kitchen , then he mopped up the water he 'd tracked in .
there were no doors closing off the hallway ; it flowed into the eat - in kitchen , where space was even more cramped because some of its area had been taken for the laundry .
she collected her luggage , rolled the cases out to the ground transportation area , and stood at the curb waiting for the hotel shuttle to arrive .
he looped the strap of the confiscated weapon over his shoulder and headed back down the hall toward the main living area .
the entire cabin was only twelve feet by fifteen feet , with a kitchen at one end and an open area at the other for sleeping and everything else .
she gave him a small nod and started toward the kitchen area .
there was an open living / kitchen area that took up most of the apartment and a single bedroom and bathroom off to one side .
a sturdy plaid couch in front of a tiny tv filed most of the living area , with heavy wooden bookcases filing the rest .
that had been three hours earlier , and lana was wearing a hole in the carpet of the waiting area .
this part of the building was made up of offices , storage and utility areas , and a smal break room .
down the long hal were restrooms and double doors that led into the gymnasium and craft area .
there were only a couple of places a man could hide , and caleb headed for the first - the one that had the best view of the carnival area .
he started at the rear door , figuring the private office area was a more likely location to leave something someone did n't want noticed .
a smal video camera sat on a tripod , angled so that it could capture the smal living area .
the nurse came into the curtained area , interrupting her reply .
` ` stand there , '' he orders , pointing to an area in front of the desk .
on the seventeenth floor , he quickly adjusted his silk tie -- more out of habit than any real fashion sense -- and stepped into the expansive brass and glass reception area .
last year she 'd had to wait almost an hour in the meier and frank wrapping area ; this year , there 'd been no line at all .
the front door opened onto a small entry area .
espresso - colored shingles covered the exterior ; freshly planted flower boxes graced the area beneath the front window .
` ` okay ... '' she noted that the private quarters followed the line of the hotel , only the windows here looked out over a palatial pool area .
the aquamarine water held a few guests lounging on rafts and on the flagstone area surrounding the pool , cabanas , tables and chairs with brightly colored umbrellas offered places to sit and chat .
` ` sounds familiar , '' erica mused , strolling to the window and staring out at the pool area and the mountains beyond .
water trickled down stone fountains set in wall panels along the reception area .
avery limped away to the seating area .
avery staggered back into the reception area , still reeling with shock .
a backward glance revealed guy pacing in the reception area , the bottle of water she 'd requested still clutched in his hand .
looking up , melissa smiled at avery as she entered the tranquility spa 's reception area .
shaking her head , she relegated thoughts of her late father to the back of her mind as she walked through the reception area of tranquility spa and prepared to go back to work .
walking out into the reception area , melissa sighed as she watched shane leave .
` ` one of the guests at the spa left a magazine in the reception area and it had pictures of a nursery decorated with an ' under the sea ' theme , '' she explained .
lost in thought , she was halfway across the reception area when she realized her assistant manager had called her name .
one side of the rectangular room housed the kitchen and dining area , and on the other a pair of black leather sofas jutted perpendicular to the hearth .
he walked a little farther down the sidewalk then ducked between a pair of tall cedars , tugging her along in the near - darkness to a better lit area .
after the judge walked away gavin gestured to a small sitting area around the corner .
pulling open both of the heavy oak doors that separated his office from the reception area , he paused to take in the sweep of his office .
` ` thank you , '' she managed , following quietly behind him when he moved to the office door , opened it and stepped into the reception area .
so they 'd tromped back to the manor - because she would n't get in with the baby , even to let him drive them around to her car - and through the main hallways of the hotel until they 'd reached one of the more public entrances closer to the guest parking area .
with the cork free , he poured two healthy portions of the rich red wine and carried them back to the living area .
especially after half the bags from jarrod ridge had been unpacked and he 'd carried plates of food to the dining area and invited her to eat with him .
the bedroom door swung open without a sound , and she moved just as quietly down the hall , down the stairs and into the main area of the house .
as they entered the reception area of trevor 's office , diana lifted her head and said , ` ` you can go right in .
moving through the house 's open - design living area , he crossed to the kitchen and took bradley right out of her arms .
rio ushered her into a pitch - black battered van and instructed her to lie down in the cargo area .
when she reached the living area , polished wood replaced the carpet and was cooler on the soles of her feet .
` ` you need shoes , '' he said as he pulled her back toward the main living area .
with the combination of what was obviously a seriously injured woman , the fact that every man was packing , and diego 's fractured greek , they were quickly shown into a small area rio assumed was their version of an emergency room .
it was a wedding fit for the lifestyle of kgi to a t. although outdoors , the area where the ceremony was being held was between sam 's and garrett 's houses , but on the exposed sides , huge , bulletproof glass barriers had been erected , one facing the lake and the other facing the building referred to as the war room .
turning my head , i discovered a svelte brunette in a stylish skirt - and - blouse ensemble rising to her feet in the lobby seating area .
thinking of gideon 's note put the smile on my face that greeted magdalene when i found her in the waiting area .
we were in an office , with a desk , a seating area , and a 180 - degree view of the club through two - way mirrors .
when i spotted my dad outside the baggage claim area , i lost all the confidence gideon had instilled in me since i 'd left work .
a desk and chairs , and a seating area positioned in the corner .
i was turning toward the hallway leading to the guest room when my mom emerged from the hall leading to my bedroom and cary 's , which was on the opposite side of the living area .
as the manager continued to talk to gideon , i moved slowly through the massive living area , with its wide - open terrace and white couches spread across bamboo floors .
when i saw the breakfast tray on the coffee table in the bedroom 's seating area , i smiled .
three distinct seating areas offered comfortable spaces for less formal meetings , while gideon 's black desk was a miracle of modern technology , serving as the conduit for all the electronics in the room .
his attention was riveted on his mother , who stood when we entered the private waiting area we 'd been directed to .
he looked over to the seating area .
i walked down the stairs to the main living area , or what they referred to as the great room .
the visitation room - if that was what it was even called - boasted a high - school - like common area .
he laid his briefcase down on the breakfast bar that separated the kitchen from the dining area .
when the door to the outside area opened , her mouth fell open .
beth was mortified when the nurse stopped at a busy area and thrust a plastic cup in her hand .
she 'd just cleared the main study area and was passing through the tall , elegant book stacks when something dark and macabre passed over her head .
but as she looked around , she quickly realized her mistake , special collections was n't a section of books - it was an open area in the library for an art display about the civil war .
it was just before sundown and luce was folded into the sword and cross phone cubby , a tiny beige confine in the middle of the front office area .
she laughed when penn sped up to pass the area where todd was sitting .
it was hard to say whether luce 's voice was drowned out by the delighted hoots of a crowd at a puppet show in one of the movable stages set up on the western edge of the dancing area for the raucous , hungry crowd lining up at the long food tables on the eastern side of the green .
it seemed as though the dancers at the valentine 's faire were not just dancing - but also hollering , laughing , belting out verses to the troubadour 's music , and hollering to friends across the muddy dance area .
now , as she and daniel rounded the corner of a bookshelf to the library 's study area , luce saw that arriane was not alone .
gabbe , arriane , roland , cam '' -he pointed to one area on the rock , then another , where each of the angels had stood- '' a few more . ''
she marked off an area of about ten square feet .
their suite was made up of four huge bedrooms , each with a private bath , and opening onto a common room big enough to contain a conference table , an entertainment center , a business center , an area for socializing around a large stone fireplace and a wet bar .
the sound was explosive in the confined area of the kitchen and bethany jerked her head up to see another man standing in the doorway , his brooding , dark gaze scorching the flesh right off ash 's bones .
there was a sitting area toward the back , with a dilapidated couch and a few odd chairs situated around a television .
the dining room , or rather dining area , was in front of the kitchen and off the living room to the side .
the tension in the small waiting area was through the roof .
evan and i will be at mcdonald 's at six in the playground area .
his pace got slower and slower as he carried their tray toward the loud play area .
he tried to gently push ella toward the sitting area , but she had dug her heels in and refused to budge .
she took his arm and pulled him over to a sitting area in the corner .
she followed the receptionist through the doors to another waiting area .
an upright piano and stage area seemed to be the centerpiece .
cameras and equipment covered most of the floor ; huge lights created a staging area along the couch .
the ordway halloween carnival was only seven days away and kate had foolishly volunteered to design and make the photograph staging area .
just down the hall , she found a small waiting area .
they walked past the baggage claim area , where women in muumuus handed out purple and white leis to people who 'd come here on package deals .
johnny led the way across the street to the rental car area .
inside the bar , which was filled with tourists and locals - easily separated by their dress - they found a small bamboo table near the ` ` stage '' -a three - foot - by - four - foot flat area with two stools and a pair of stand - up microphones .
he was sitting on a hard plastic chair in the hospital waiting area .
feeling numb , he walked out of the room and made his way down the hall and into the fourth - floor surgical waiting area , where a woman sat in the corner , knitting needles in hand , crying .
i sit on the painted concrete bench in some holding area , alone , huddled beneath a single glaring light fixture .
holding on to her elbow , she guided the woman down to the patio area in the backyard , and into a dirty birchwood chair .
tyler found a quiet cove , nestled around a corner from one of the main traffic areas , and dropped anchor .
coughing from the cloud of dust and decimated concrete , they ran toward the gaping hole in the stone wall surrounding the pool area .
and cole were sitting in the small ` ` waiting '' area , rifles between their knees , barrels pointed toward the ceiling .
excitement and an air of expectancy permeated the entire waiting area .
but what the hell else was he supposed to do in a standing - room - only waiting area surrounded by anxious , celebratory people all waiting for newborn babies to ooh and aah over and say stupid shit like , ` ` oh my god , look how cute ! ''
the waiting area is clear .
she smiled at both and then led them from the exam room back to the waiting area , where steele was just locking up .
dolphin bounded down the stairs with baker and renshaw on his heels just as rio and terrence appeared from the kitchen area .
chapter 23 maren sat next to steele on the couch in the sitting area of the jet where they 'd relocated as soon as they had taken off and gotten into the air .
steele glanced up to see the other team leader standing in the aisle leading into the seating area .
she glanced around the small sitting area and when she saw rio , she froze .
she was sitting on the end of the couch in the lounging area of the jet , feet curled underneath her , silent and pale as she listened to the strategy being discussed .
without saying a word - he damn sure was n't going to ask permission to take his daughter to see everyone who was anxiously awaiting her arrival - he walked out of the room and down the corridor to the waiting area .
he leads us into the main club area .
max was right , the vip area is even better than downstairs .
when we enter the main area , i ' m stumped .
in the back left hand corner of the room is a closed off area which i assume is the kitchen because there are stools sitting at a breakfast bar .
and leads me into the closed off area in the left hand corner which confirms is the kitchen .
as soon as we 're in , we make our way to the stairs to the vip area and are greeted by a smiling african american alice tonight .
* * * i move to the edge of the vip area where a short barrier overlooks the dance floor .
they disappear from camera view for a few minutes then reappear on the cctv in the vip area .
the dining area is stunning .
we make our way up the stairs to the vip area and asian alice is there to greet us with a smile and escort us to our booth .
the lounging area is a little cramped for such a huge tv .
there are two floors , upstairs is vip and downstairs is the regular club area .
downstairs is set in the shape of the letter u. booths and tables line the outer area , the bar is the entire back of the room and the dance floor is lowered slightly .
i take their hands and practically run through the club to the stairs that lead to the vip area .
he leads me upstairs to the vip area .
the room was as sumptuous as mine , but most of the furniture had been shoved aside to make space , and in that open area , tasha stood .
whoops and cries sounded from an area of the resort grounds that held storage sheds and was interspersed with looming pines .
it was a massage area .
` ` if you want to ' hang out ' with young girls , do it at one of the public areas . ''
the plaza consisted of a wide , open area in front of a shopping center .
a caf was carved into a corner of the main building , its tables spilling out into the open area .
he let eddie lean on mia for a moment and stepped forward with me to do a quick sweep of the main living area .
serena wandered through his work area , taking a few pictures as she went .
with a sigh , she grabbed her wrap and stepped into the sitting area of the suite the matthias corporation had booked for kevin .
more than one hundred people crowded into the room , some even spilling into the standing area at the back .
gabriel led them to the back of the club , to an exclusive area he had reserved known as the white lounge , imaginatively named because of its monochromatic decor .
to her credit , rachel walked through the studio first , which only took about five steps , and looked at the closet , inspected the bathroom , and stood in the kitchen ` ` area '' looking at a pathetic little hot plate and an old decrepit microwave .
julia stumbled over to her small kitchen area to fetch them .
he kissed her chastely , then exited the enclosed pool area .
a short while later , julia exited the washroom , walking over to where gabriel was seated in the living area of their suite .
julia rejoined gabriel in the waiting area that was nestled inside the small selinsgrove pharmacy .
once outside the breakfast area though , she realized she had company .
chad made his way to an archway leading out of the dining area .
she glanced around as she took ahold of his arm , hoping to move the conversation to a much more private area .
the valet bowed slightly before doing as he was bid , and christopher left the dressing room for the sitting area .
christopher exited quinn 's room through the connecting door , crossed the shared sitting area , and entered maria 's boudoir .
the area was affectionately - and sometimes not so affectionately - termed the dungeon .
` ` i assume all three finalists live in the puget sound area ? ''
still , none of us figured anyone in the seattle area would care about my recipe . ''
maryanne glared at the man standing across from her in the reception area of the radio station .
the door opened and a tall dark - haired woman walked into the station 's reception area .
maryanne slipped past them and ran down the stairs to the parking area behind the building .
he ignored her words and started pacing the small living area , pausing in front of the window .
chase ushered us through the lounge area .
there 's no nudity in this area ; people use it kind of like a quiet zone , a decompression chamber or just a place to meet friends , see who 's here . ''
again , no nudity in the dance area , but there 's a lot that goes on in the dark .
he turned me by the shoulders , facing me toward an open kitchen area , dominated by a large industrial - grade cooktop and another fireplace .
chase took me in through a back door , down a warren of narrow hallways and through the lounge area .
to make matters worse , rick , the director i 'd been working with on the set , came barging into the emergency room to join me in the waiting area , saying he was n't about to let one of his actors go through this alone .
john 's meeting had taken up more time than he 'd expected , but michelle had n't been bored , because he had n't left her sitting in the reception area .
a little further past the sleeping area was a sink , mirror , and door to the bathroom .
they walked together to the small guest parking area and stacey hit the remote on her keychain that popped open the trunk of her nissan sentra .
` ` it came from the barstow area . ''
and that was only a miniscule amount of the volume of gore that covered what she could see of the front desk area .
all we can offer is food and a roof over their heads , hence the reason i do n't overtax them with cleaning areas that are n't used . ''
marcus rode the elevator to the twenty - first floor and stepped onto the cheap , fake italian marble flooring , his shoes issuing a faint echo as he walked through the empty reception area .
finally the elevator doors slid open , and she rushed into the reception area and turned in the direction of allen 's office .
the night - light plugged into the wall cast a glow over the area , and nothing looked out of place .
her stomach still churning , she guided him toward the large open living area that served as dining room and living room all rolled into one .
` ` there are n't any open areas for anyone to see into the living room or take a shot at you from a distance .
they were interrupted when the doctor came into the waiting area where the kellys had been stashed .
the nurse herded the kellys out the door and back toward the waiting area .
my office and the waiting area were still empty .
a cushioned , massage - style table in the center of the room acted as a centerpiece to the surrounding area , with an excessive amount of bookshelves lining the walls , and a smaller , actual table near the cushioned one .
betsy read the instructions and guided them to a parking area , where they found a sign about the deployment ceremony to be held in the hangar .
scattered throughout the rest of the area were a variety of steps with and without handrails attached to them , yoga - type mats , physio balls in all sizes and colors , stacks of hand weights , thera - bands , and a collection of walkers and crutches .
jolene limped through the narrow area , lined with metal lockers .
a moment later , the asian woman came into the front area , holding an artificial leg .
he heard a hearty rich laugh coming from the refreshment area and inwardly grimaced when he realized it was most likely sai getting more male attention .
i scanned the area , searching for the male i 'd expected .
but the raised , open area was empty , the music wailing out of a jukebox instead .
i squeezed through the small area left by the lapsed plank and entered the cool , damp interior .
i did n't see him in the single living / dining / sleeping area .
when i finally reached the top , i let my eyes drift over to the small sitting - area in the open part of the loft , two love seats facing each other with a little coffee table between .
he 'd left most of the stuff on the main floor , but i noticed some of the boxes were up in the loft area .
when i 'd freshened up , i went out to meet daniel in the main living area .
he did n't say anything , but thankfully , lindsey was waiting for us by the passenger pickup area so the issue never arose .
we approached the seating area slowly .
` ` guess you shoulda stayed away from the work area . ''
there are chic sitting areas and modern lighting , there are easels and shelves of art supplies , all perfectly arranged .
i make myself comfortable in his sitting area , taking a mint out of a bowl and popping it into my mouth .
two easels , built - in shelves filled with every possible art supply she could ever need , a sitting area and i even had skylights installed for nights when the moon is overhead .
the elevator doors opened into the garage area , effectively ending our non - verbal conversation .
maddie smiled and gestured for mairin to follow her into the small area that housed the hearth for cooking .
but still , the guilt grew until she was wringing her hands in front of her as she followed crispen and the other children to an area adjacent to the keep .
she was annoyed to see magnus and arthur standing in front of the archway that led into the area where the laird 's horses were cared for .
mairin asked gertie as she entered the sweltering heat of the small cooking area .
an odd expression crossed his face , he got to his feet , running to the narrow metal railing that surrounded the area where he worked .
forrester had backed himself and his captive into a small area near the door .
since the area was on the downhill side of the house and had plenty of windows overlooking the back garden , the empty space would be wasted as a storage room .
the formal parlor took up the front left corner of the first floor and the dining area the right .
the layout also included an office area where she could work or meet with clients and an outside patio complete with tables and a fountain .
he strolled closer , stepping from the shadowy area at the base of the stairs and into the brightly lit room that would become renee 's kitchen .
she seized the opportunity to do a walk - through and made her way toward the designated area .
stone stood up , too , and grabbed clay by the shoulder before he could rush out into the reception area and confront a couple of g - men and get himself into real trouble .
elbert came to a stop by the waiting area and looked down the hall toward the elevators .
hettie asked as she followed ruby to the shampoo area at the back of the shop .
she reached the living area .
steve stepped into the executive suite and was ushered into the inner sanctum , an area on the seventieth floor that commanded an amazing view of midtown manhattan .
the cut ' n curl had three workstations covered in pink marble - patterned formica , a bank of hair dryers with pink vinyl seats , and a two - seat shampoo area near the back with two - toned , lime green chairs .
dottie turned away and headed into the storage area behind the bar .
he 'd brought his minivan to take them over to the parade staging area .
and then she went off to play by herself on the swings near the baby swimming area .
she ran from miz bray 's house , down the hill toward the barbecue area .
the funnel cake stand was way down the curving midway , and bubba took a shortcut to the left and down a row of trees along the stock pens and exhibition area .
a well - worn canvas bag in army green occupied the cargo area , loaded with what looked like expensive camera equipment .
she snatched a paper bag from her work area and handed it to lark .
he increased his speed , pelting past adam and eve and into the paved plaza by the point - of - sale area .
the usual quiet of the holding area had shattered and was now filled with grunts and exclamations .
both official court vehicles and visiting guests parked in the same area .
when the wheelbarrow struck the already weakened glass , the cracked areas broke and crumbled altogether , creating a hole big enough for both of us to get through .
the vans parked in a semi - remote part of court , so seeing the area packed with eager moroi was quite a shock to lissa .
it worked , ' i breathed , as mikhail drove over to the guardians ' parking area .
mrs . duhamel excused herself to join jake at the meeting area .
scott and his men still lingered , somewhat impatiently , in strategic areas of the room .
coming to a final decision , abby swung her small purse onto her shoulder and told dave that she wanted to have breakfast in the main dining area for a change .
` ` they 'll never let me into the conference area .
stephan 's secretary asked as she stepped away from the lounge area and into the main foyer .
` ` the limo has a little bar area .
every area seemed to be in use .
lil spoke , scanning the main area of the penthouse .
he returned to the living room area , looking unsure if he wanted to sit down or pace the room .
he pointed to the one in the adjoining dining area .
lil led the way back to the seating area .
elegantly dressed staff met them as they entered the area and led them to a sole table set up at one end of the courtyard , hidden from public view by flowers but positioned so that once seated they would still have an incredible view of the area .
he gestured with the glass to the area around them .
she was almost through the roped area that led to the rest of the museum when she heard jake completely lose his cool for the first time since she 'd met him .
it was longer than most and had two distinct sections , a front area for the pilot and a passenger area that looked as comfortable and private as a limousine .
it was longer than most and had two distinct sections , a front area for the pilot and a passenger area that looked as comfortable and private as a limousine .
immense air - conditioned tents covered the lawn and led to a discrete area that would allow the couple to marry with the ocean as a backdrop to their ceremony .
he needed a private area to prepare for the possibility that zhang might say yes .
once inside the plane , rachid led zhang to an area where two seats faced each other .
as they approached the main area of the castle , the temperature cooled to a comfortable level .
she walked beside the guard down the hallway and into an area of the palace ghalil would never follow .
zhang paced the small area between the couches .
jeremy led the way back to the small work area and motioned toward the chair .
she and jeremy followed the attendant through a dining area , past the guest bedroom , and into a master suite that was another exercise in luxurious excess .
he kissed her softly on the lips and took her hand , leading her out of the bedroom and into the main area of the jet .
too soon , henry concluded the tour in the department 's office area .
back on the jet after takeoff , jeremy hugged jeisa to his side on the main area couch .
although the women had chosen the kitchen as a meeting area , it was obvious from the wine in their hands and their attire that their choice had nothing to do with cooking .
he simply showed his high - level badge , vouched for alethea , and walked into an area of the building that very few ever saw .
your family is gathering along with the andrades in an adjoining private sitting area . ''
now you know that you need to cover all back entrances and issue specific photo security badges to enter this area .
the domed area they entered was lined by building facades , giving the illusion of being outside even though they were underground .
when alethea stepped forward to go inside , marc held her arm and led her to the couch in the waiting area .
as the group headed off to the main area of the party , marc whispered in alethea 's ear , ` ` this is what i wanted you to see .
` ` that 's the new guy , '' lena whispered to cat , who immediately turned around to stare through the glass doors and into the customer service area .
when he nodded and turned off the engine , lena stood , bent over , and opened the small door in the side of the cabin area , lowering the stairs .
dayne pointed to the area where she 'd acted so oddly .
she tilted her head to the side , looking from the area of the room he 'd indicated and back to dayne .
and the way her mouth curled up on the right side all the time , like she was preparing to smirk , like she 'd mastered the right half of the mona lisa 's inimitable smile ... from my room , the student population seemed manageable , but it overwhelmed me in the classroom area , which was a single , long building just beyond the dorm circle .
the place was really one long room , with a full - size bed in the front , a kitchenette , and a living area in the back with a tv and a small bathroom - so small that in order to take a shower , you pretty much had to sit on the toilet .
turning to close them again , his gaze brushed over the three openmouthed guests waiting in the reception area , one being a woman with wide summer - blue eyes and flaxen hair that fell like tumbles of silk on either side of her curious face .
they entered through open , white - paneled doors into an area decorated in swirls of bronze and planes of muted cherry - red .
then , when they slipped through into a curtained - off area , her breath hitched in her throat .
as the man turned to face him , guthrie moved from behind his desk to the more casual area of his office .
gunnar headed to the makeup area , while ben paused just inside the door , glancing around the courtyard .
fiona set off across the room , heading for the makeup area .
when the shoot wrapped , madeline immediately disappeared with her handler , and ben and fiona wandered back into the dressing area , seemingly in the middle of an intense conversation .
i could hear ben 's voice and i mustered the courage to enter the makeup area .
i pushed my shoulders back and headed behind the curtained off makeup area .
i fled to the makeup area , needing to find something to do with my shaking hands .
moments later , ben turned and disappeared back behind the white curtain concealing the small changing area .
i took her hand and pulled her behind the partition that separated off a small area for changing .
i returned his smile , sending him a silent wish of good luck , and then headed back out to the seating area .
crossing the room , i headed straight into the more dimly lit vip lounge area .
it should have been easy to spot him in the large , open , rectangular area .
braydon led me to an out - of - the - way seating area in the corner .
she shot an annoyed glare at the group of guys tucked into a corner booth in the sectioned - off vip area .
to the right was a large sitting area , complete with entertainment center , though davis doubted that cannon ever used the large - screen television or vcr for anything other than business .
on some occasions cannon had invited him to the sitting area and asked if he would like coffee .
firmly robert took her arm and ushered both her and paige to seats in the waiting area .
evie took the sheet of paper and went out to one of the small searing areas off the lobby .
twenty minutes later she was the new resident of apartment 17 , which consisted of a living room and combination dining room / kitchen downstairs , along with a tiny laundry area just big enough to hold a washer and dryer , and two bedrooms upstairs .
as he cut the engine , he could see the two lively little boys bouncing in the cargo area , and a rueful smile touched his eyes .
before he aroused himself enough to do something he 'd regret , lucien returned the file to the shelf and exited to the gambling area .
straight ahead was the gaming area .
an immense fireplace to the left was the focal point of a conversation area holding a settee and two leather wingback chairs .
he was propped against the countertop in the small dressing area , his arms crossed and his long legs stretched out , patiently waiting in case she became dizzy and needed him .
when he was dry enough not to drip , he went , still naked , into the tiny kitchen area and slapped a sandwich together .
she could n't get into the buildings without that tag ; they were coded and electronically scanned at the entrances , and anyone entering a classified area without the proper i d set off an alarm that had the security police swarming with weapons drawn .
` ` but here , on thursday night , the sensors show ms . evans entering the laser work area shortly before 2400 and not leaving until almost 0400 .
these midnight appearances in the work area , combined with the fact that the trouble did n't start until she arrived , do n't look good . ''
and after they had returned from vegas sunday night she had slipped out to the work area and ... done what ?
` ` she could activate the lasers from the work area , without actually being in contact with the lasers themselves ?
the problems began when she arrived , and in both instances they occurred after she had made midnight visits to the work area .
as a precaution , i would also restrict the entire laser team from the work area until this is settled . ''
` ` the logs do n't show anyone else entering the work area at suspicious times . ''
` ` no , i did not reenter the work area on those occasions , '' she repeated for what seemed like the hundredth time .
you were recorded entering the work area at exactly- '' he paused to check the log ` ` -2347 on sunday night . ''
the computer log says you were in the work area . ''
perhaps someone had been entering the work area with a duplicate of her tag and had indeed been sabotaging the computer program , but questioning cal would force them to admit that it was n't her .
after all , the sensors had said she had reentered the work area at midnight , which would have given him several hours to have a copy made .
she knew the entire laser team was being restricted from the work area , but had their bar codes already been deleted from the computers ?
on a hunch she rolled out of bed and silently walked to the small , old - fashioned crank - out window set high in the wall in the kitchen area .
she was headed straight for the laser work area , damn her treacherous little heart .
it had been obvious that she was n't surprised to find the man in the work area , had in fact gone there specifically to find him .
` ` once when ms . evans entered the work area after she was already recorded as being inside , and again when you entered without your i d tag , colonel .
we walked into a cozy room equipped with several mirrored workspaces flanked by a two - chair sitting area .
emma , you 'd have your own couch and entertainment area .
he looked between my dining area and kitchen .
when i came back into the dining area , gabriel had already laid out our feast on our plates and was waiting for me .
no matter how spacious the living area was , i was eventually going to run out of room .
much to her relief robert had steered them to a relatively open area on the dance floor and no one was near enough to hear .
we walk to an unmarked side area of the food court .
several doors later , we 're in the airport 's central storage area .
hundreds of zombies stand outside the departures entry area , watching everything in silence .
the giant logo of a scripted hung in polished brass on the front wall , and the reception area had comfortable leather chairs and royal blue carpet .
he allowed her a few minutes of privacy as he went back to the main suite area and poured glasses of water .
when he stopped in front of the bakery area of la dolce famiglia , he paused to direct his attention to julietta .
the boy moved into the living area , sat on the silver cushions , and pushed away a fancy blue striped pillow .
the island cut through the main area with a sink and separate work area , a breakfast bar , and cushioned leather stools .
the island cut through the main area with a sink and separate work area , a breakfast bar , and cushioned leather stools .
the carved - stone pathways led to a private terrace and pool area surrounded by lush gardens and walkways .
this area had a different feel to it , with blank canvases , paint , and an array of artists ' tools .
this seemed more of a fit for carina than the main area .
to the left of the door the bar area was packed , all the seats taken and several people standing and talking .
they made their way back through the room , stopping by the bar area to settle their bill .
i ' ve been covering the reception area and cleaning and setting up the rooms afterward . ''
they followed the other couples back to the dressing area .
the front portion of the house - the side closest to the street - contained a kitchen , a small dining area ( not quite a room ) , and the bathroom .
kevin looked delighted at his answer , and the three of them started walking toward the baggage claim area .
their room was spacious , with a terrace for sunning , a separate sitting area with a dining table and a stunningly modern bath .
all three women looked up from the sitting area .
the door to madeline 's bedroom opened and the brunette shuffled into the sitting area .
to stacy , who 'd lived in low - budget accommodations all her life , the home looked like something from the architectural digest magazines her accounting firm - former firm - kept in the waiting area .
franco pulled the car into the hotel parking area , but not into the valet lane and stopped .
amelia spotted stacy , grabbed her by the arm and dragged her into the sitting area .
a hip - high wall surrounded an area about ten feet square .
without releasing her hand damon led her through a sitting area and a kitchen .
there was no sign of ian and makos , the crew , in the sitting area or galley .
through the door she heard the sounds of the room service cart being rolled into the dining area , the rattle of dishes and the low hum of voices , and then the cart leaving .
she glanced up and down the uncrowded area .
two amelia slammed the suite door behind her - as hard as one could slam a door designed to operate silently.she stalked into the luxurious sitting area and confronted her best friend .
he pushed open the door to the pool area and the sharp tang of chlorine filled his nose .
she halted beside the cognac - colored l - shaped leather sofa separating the sitting and dining areas .
after lacing his fingers through hers , he towed her out of the massage room and into the dressing area .
two lamps lit the sitting area and a torchiere illuminated the space in front of the windows where the dining room table used to be .
she 'd be able to find her way easily enough once she reached the public areas .
rush watched as lindy moved outside the passenger area and stood against the stern , her hands on the rail .
lindy caught up with him in the baggage claim area and they rode into the city in a stilted , uneasy silence .
just then steve noticed carol 's physician , dr . stewart , push open the swinging door and walk toward the waiting area .
a spicy , tangy scent wafted through the dining area as carol and steve read the plastic - coated menu .
they sat next to each other in the crowded gate area , tightly holding hands while waiting for her flight number to be called .
kelly raced back to the large open eating area to tell royce about the rare find .
the area around her was strewn with used tissues .
` ` you 're an idiot , '' she whispered as she walked down the concourse to the baggage claim area .
she searched once again , scanning the crowded ballroom , her gaze moving from one area to another until she happened to catch a glimmer of dark hair and blue eyes when he swirled past her .
he camped in one area of the house and she in the other , and they both went overboard to be certain their paths did n't cross .
other family members of the atlantis crew were crowding the waiting area by the time cheryl and hannah arrived , although they were several minutes early .
the lieutenant asked as she left the recovery area .
as they held hands , she led him down the same path she 'd recently taken from the parking area .
then he glanced around the area where jackson was standing .
she 'd get the only real privacy - both matt and lincoln had insisted she take the little space in the bow , the one sleeping area with a door .
instantly harry was out of the car and headed for lainie , as if joey might be hiding behind one of the low - growing junipers lining the parking area .
dudley hurried back across the pool area toward the lobby .
moments later , harry came to join her in the minuscule kitchen area .
a glance in the rearview mirror told him the gold sedan had just pulled into the parking area , dammit .
leo rolled his eyes and headed over to the shadowed area where dudley stood beckoning wildly .
scooting back from the playing area , she wiggled out of her sweatpants .
she rose to her knees and reached across the playing area to put a hand on his knee .
he glanced around , as if taking note of the area where vivian and ally had rolled .
denise would be sleeping in what eve laughingly called her guest room , a den that opened off the living area .
` ` i vote we go in and put down the door so we can thoroughly check out my work area .
that decided , he surveyed the area that would be used for the lecture .
lex paused to glance up and down the covered deck area .
a large metal drum filled with emergency equipment was tethered to a catwalk conveniently located above the area where the contest would take place .
the area around the pool was crowded with bodies , some white , some pink , but none tanned .
might as well drag the mattress over there and at least lean it sideways in the entry area .
every once in a while he 'd scan the bar area for amanda .
i ' m thinking of partitioning off an area and covering it floor to ceiling with padded vinyl .
he leaned out to see torches surrounding a small area in the middle of the courtyard .
caelen scowled again as they approached the area lit by the torches .
he waited for her on the outer perimeter of the training area where they practiced every day .
in front of the other fireplace was more of a sitting area .
chapter 25 after the meal , many of the clansmen gathered in the sitting area before the fire .
and when she was indoors , she kept away from the main social areas .
a small , l - shaped kitchen sidled up to a dining area that held a yellow speckled formica and chrome table with four chairs .
she passed through the dining area , created by a long bird's - eye maple table and ten chairs , to the open kitchen beyond .
it was brightly lit , with a long glass and chrome ice cream counter and a small area that contained a few tables and chairs .
there were no cars in the parking area .
` ` i 'll be in the viewing area . ''
lexi followed the woman out of the reception area and into the prison again , where the noise and the pounding and the catcalls seemed deafening .
she passed through the waiting area and went into dr . bloom 's elegantly decorated office .
she was going in the wrong direction ; her bike was parked in the public area at the end of the dead - end road .
she eased past the barbeque area and around the pair of chaise loungers that overlooked the sound .
as he walked ahead of her through the kitchen toward the reception area , adrienne caught herself eyeing his athletic physique , and she flushed slightly , wondering what on earth had gotten into her .
on the main level , the problem areas were the kitchen , which had a window facing the wooded area across the road in front of the house , and sam 's bedroom , where sophie slept .
` ` there 's a weak area to the west of the house .
a beam from the doorway lay to the side , and there was a scraped area on the floor that looked as if someone had been pinned underneath the mess and had shoved their way out .
frank offered to park the car and meet him in the emergency area with the keys .
suzy could see some lounge chairs and patio furniture arranged in seating areas around a barbeque grill and the sparkling waters of the atlantic ocean in the background .
gray carried her down a long hallway with the same color scheme as the living area they had just left .
the room was huge and contained a full seating area with a leather couch , matching chair and ottoman and built - in bookcases .
to the left of the entry way was a formal dining area , in white .
nick had continued on up to his floor while she and beth were now walking towards the reception area and a smiling ella .
she thought gray would really get a kick out of the design she 'd managed to make in her downstairs area with her bikini shaver .
his eyes scanned the entire outer office area where her desk and the cubicles were located , searching for cameras .
a wave of self - consciousness hit her as she began to pad barefoot outside to the main lagoon area .
his room was n't much bigger than hers , though he had a small couch , and a little sitting area , a pseudo - living room that would serve the purpose they needed .
madge asked , arms outstretched to envelop her granddaughter in a hug as lydia came out of the gate and into the luggage area at logan airport .
she maneuvered the rented mustang to the parking area behind the woodshed and shut off the engine .
with a nod , she followed him into the corridor , around the corner , and into a public area of the dungeon .
it was kind of a gray area of liam 's rules , but honestly , if she was in the office with a trash bag in hand , doing her job , why not take the extra ten steps to empty the bins in his personal areas ?
she entered the living area to the right , wondering if her date was already there .
steffie had just started to regale her father with the adventures of the past week when the same nurse who 'd escorted her in to see him reappeared , ready to lead her back to the waiting area .
there was a reception desk and a polished wooden railing ; it separated the public area from the work space , with its computer terminals and ringing phones .
as the clarion 's editor , he had a work area that took up the entire end of the room .
steffie wandered into the waiting area searching for valerie .
she let gayle tow her out into the main reception area , still babbling .
he saw her swallow hard , and wanted to hug her for her bravery , but she had already turned away , gesturing toward the main food area .
it was nearly dark now ; people were leaving the eating area and heading for the open stands outside , at the foot of the mountain .
she boasted a tiny cabin that measured roughly six feet square , leaving a scant two feet on either side for passage , and a somewhat greater area of deck fore and aft , this now partially obscured by bundles , bags , and barrels .
within this area , the yellow - white wood was crosshatched in a sort of herringbone pattern , as though it had been slashed back and forth with a knife .
but in this small , partitioned area the walls caught every sound and threw it back ; our footsteps echoed from wooden floor to wooden ceiling .
visitors in the outer reception area would watch in fascination as the flimsy wallboard quivered under the force of the blows .
chickie 's enthusiasm was immediate and obvious ; she danced around the reception area , her long black hair flying .
she had been about to arrange their supplies in the seating area closest to the entrance , but now she moved farther away .
he was in the waiting room when chrissie walked into the reception area .
his parents used the upper area for storage in case bears broke into the cabin .
he carried the flowers into the living - dining area .
` ` kevin , you handle the woods beyond the concession area .
` ` bring him in here , '' nora called from a room off the large living area .
i promise to behave , '' aundy said , grinning broadly as she walked back to the waiting area and paid for her visit .
he stood in her small living area , feet planted , his stetson shading his eyes , his hands at his sides .
she stood in the parking area , her arms wrapped tight around her body .
he did n't want to sit , but pacing the reception area would send the wrong message .
he was n't going to be found reading career woman 's weekly when valerie walked into the reception area .
but while he sat in the reception area waiting for valerie , he would have liked to have some messages to answer .
next she made a sweep of the area , grabbing up newspapers and magazines , straightening throw pillows , and blowing the dust off her coffee table .
i pounded back into the main area and skidded to a stop .
he took my silence for capitulation and said , ` ` i 'll check the building and surrounding area .
a kitchen area claimed the right side , complete with sink , microwave and toasters .
a long white counter curved in three directions , forming a complete m , and blocked the sitting area and kitchen from the offices .
behind stacey , the narrow wainscoted hallway led to the waiting area decorated with cooing lovebirds in antique cages .
shaking her head with a smile , lyssa retrieved her purse and fished out her keys before she exited the back of her clinic to the staff parking area .
the wrought - iron gate to her condo community swung open and she pulled inside , passing the communal pool area she had yet to use before hitting the remote to her garage door around the corner .
in the reception area , a young woman was paused in the process of stuffing envelopes .
they were trapped in the small area of the living room and adjoining dining room .
there was a bell on the door that jingled as they stepped inside into what was actually one big , open room with low walls separating different areas .
over the low pony wall was the dojo itself , a rectangular , carpeted area where quite a few students of varying belt levels stood , practicing different techniques .
he led her over to the wooden gate that separated the training floor from the observation area .
another crash came from a different area of the lower level and then two gun shots rang out .
kim spent a lot of time in that area , even slept there .
i hear his laughter in the living area , more like a soft chuckle over something pete murmured , and my insides do all the stuff he makes them do as i round the corner .
i wiggle into it as he carries us out to the living area of the penthouse suite , then he drops me down on a chair and fishes out his food .
coach has been pacing around the area remington is training in , clearly buzzed with all that energy .
i scan the area for pete and see him , and right next to him , in the seat i usually occupy , is my sister nora , grinning and flirting with him .
i grab remy 's wrist and he lets me pull him back and draw him to the sitting area , my parents following .
the team up in the seating area is quiet , but they 're not looking at her and me .
now i ' m shadow boxing between the bed and the seating area , trying to get rid of all this extra energy and pull the blood out of my cock .
i shake my head no , and he leads me out to the bar and dance floor area .
turns out remington booked us a presidential suite like his , and we each had our own room , with a shared living room and dining area .
with the enormous gym and all the mat area , the weight equipment area , and the boxing ring , just for the two of us .
with the enormous gym and all the mat area , the weight equipment area , and the boxing ring , just for the two of us .
concha had filled in the gaps , assessing those areas frequented by the servants .
i took the long hallway that led to gideon , stopping at a large secondary reception area where his secretary , scott , manned the desk .
it was a massive space , with three distinct seating areas , each larger than my boss mark 's entire office .
i padded down the hallway until it emptied into the expansive open floor plan of the main living area .
cary followed the manager into a bedroom on the left side of the living area , and i picked up the vintage rotary phone to place our order .
the area was packed with guests , many of whom were attractive enough to warrant second and third looks .
confused and a little worried , i stood and followed him out to the empty reception area .
we 'd left our seats after the third , working our way through a writhing crowd to the railing that divided the seating area from the mosh pit in front of the stage .
bouquets of white roses , white tulips , and white calla lilies covered nearly every flat surface , and some even sat on the floor in strategic areas .
she pulled me out to the hallway , drawing the attention of everyone in the immediate area .
i went to the little enclosed balcony off the visitors ' waiting area and called gideon .
as he exited the secure security area , victor reyes commanded attention .
parenting magazines covered the tables and were neatly stored in racks , while the dedicated play area was tidy and supervised .
she stopped at the bottom , staring up as she examined the darkened area above her .
unlike the attic , this area was covered in dust and sand .
he raced after him , pouring on the speed as the guard ran toward the area where he had left aria .
he did n't plan on hanging out in the front area where the canister had crashed through the window anyway .
he entered the doctor 's office , took a seat in the reception area , and began flipping through a magazine .
chase followed his bassist inside and through the backstage area .
she followed the security guard , who was roughly the size and shape of a silverback gorilla , through the crowd to the backstage area .
the crowd felt it , too , and turned the concert into a wild party , several mosh pits starting in various areas .
he accepted a towel from the stagehand and wiped his face and head with it , searching the backstage area for jamie 's wild red curls .
she followed him through the palace underground to the entrance to the backstage area .
melody set the wine on the coffee table , surprised at the modest size of the suite , just a small sitting area with a bedroom visible through a door to her right .
her heart was racing as she made her way to the front of the seating area .
she was a couple steps behind travis as she headed toward the parking area behind java joint .
as she took a seat in the waiting area near the door with macy following her every move , she was impressed with the neat , shiny appearance of the place .
the books were still out on the counter and there were more people in the waiting area when they emerged from the back .
incredibly , macy was laughing along with them from her spot in the waiting area as she fiddled with her iphone .
without daring to look at him , she dropped the pen on the table and all but ran over to the waiting area .
everyone had a client and there was n't an empty seat in the waiting area .
` ` your folks do n't have an urn containing mortal remains anywhere near the dining area , do they ?
his gaze went to a point over her left shoulder , toward the area where the family pictures were gathered .
laughing , macy twirled out from under his arm and ran to the waiting area .
of course , the waiting area of the emergency room was a nightmare , and she wished she had an established ob / gyn here so maybe she could ' ve gone there .
taking a deep breath , gabby tossed her phone in her purse and followed her out to the waiting area .
when she entered the reception area , eleanor looked up and smiled and then said , ` ` mr . hamilton says you 're to go straight back . ''
she barely suppressed a shiver as he guided her toward the area reserved for dancing .
at exactly one minute to ten , she escaped the elevator and hurried into the reception sitting area of hcm .
he reached down and took her hand and then pulled her toward the sitting area on the opposite end of the room from his desk .
mia nodded and fell in behind eleanor as she walked briskly through the reception area and to the opposite hallway .
there was an eating area with an array of snacks and easy - to - prepare foods , and a cabinet with a variety of drinks , as well as a water cooler .
she was surprised he had n't just stripped her down in the retail area .
he strode out to the reception area to see his father standing a short distance from eleanor 's desk .
feeling as fluttery as a teenager on her first date , mia allowed him to pull her to her feet and lead her through the maze of tables to the area reserved for dancing .
his tone was dismissive , and she figured he still had n't dug out whatever bug was up his ass , so she got up and left the living area of the suite .
it was only after a few moments that they entered the living area , drinks in hand .
eleanor looked surprised when mia walked through the reception area .
mr . willis headed back toward the counter area .
in allotting space , they 'd reasoned out that sheer delights required the most floor space , so the other two boutiques had been scaled down to allow for a hallway that led back to a storeroom and office area .
dixie 's cubby was off to the left , partitioned as was the rest of the area with portable walls that could be rearranged according to staffing needs .
if the elegant public areas of the red doors were faith 's natural environment , the back room was jamie 's .
the two - story foyer , open to the mezzanine level lay wide and bare except for a row of potted palms that led customers into an area beneath the shops .
there , customers were treated to a sitting area of wide , comfy chairs , an immense fireplace , a shoeshine stand with complimentary newspapers , private booths housing computers for customers who preferred to shop online , and a coffee bar aptly named the red bean .
he walked across the parking lot to the common area set aside for a dog walk , and strolled behind trudy a few feet while she went through her normal routine of sniffing and stopping , sniffing and stopping .
his work area was small , but neat , although a layer of dust had settled over everything , presumably in his absence .
he rounded the corner to his desk area , whistling under his breath .
he passed a comfortable - looking coffee shop area , complete with juice bar and attentive staff .
not pausing to chat , he pushed through the interior red doors into the main downstairs area of the center .
with a nod to the gentleman who ran the cafe area of the center , he ducked into one of the private computer rooms , sat and began keying in his familiar list .
though , judging by the number of shoppers he generally saw both in the downstairs coffee bar and computer area , and in the upstairs mezzanine where the three boutiques were located , they 'd probably do okay without him .
without another word , he led her through the crowded area .
people socialized across the aisles and in the waiting area .
she was proud of the store , she thought , as she pulled her little car into the parking area in back of the building .
the suite had to be made up of at least five luxurious sections , including two bedrooms , living room area , office and bar .
quickly , gage pulled the curtains of the cabin area shut , as footsteps moved in between the bunks .
the few candles ablaze in her chamber were all situated around her tub and dressing area .
most of the room was a dining area with a mishmash of well - used tables and chairs .
he preferred taking his meals in the common area with all the others when he was at home .
he glanced at the sanguinar as he sped through the run - down industrial area on the edge of omaha .
paul screeched to a halt outside the old warehouse , nearly running the suv into the metal railing that bordered the parking area .
her apartment was small , with the kitchen , living , and dining areas crammed on top of one another .
they passed through the dining area and turned right , entering a long hallway .
they passed through a hallway that led into a ginormous open area .
in fact , the smells coming from the dining area were making her stomach growl in anticipation .
by now , the lunch crowd had thinned out and the tv area was empty of kids .
miss mabel sat at the edge of the dining area , reading a giant , antique book .
the outdoor exercise area was stuffed full of muscular men , all shirtless and glistening like they knew she was coming by and wanted to give her a fantastic show .
lexi enjoyed the sight as she pushed through the doors and walked right down the middle of the area as if she owned the place .
only this time , when she tried to pass through the exercise area , four large theronai stepped in her path .
she did n't want another repeat of what had happened in the exercise area when all those men had closed in on her , making her choke on her panic .
they came out into a clearing , and from here , she could see the back wall of the main building and a bustle of activity in the exercise area .
zach led her into a hallway , and the noise of the people in the dining area faded behind them .
the living area was huge , with high ceilings and towering windows overlooking a swath of trees lining the lake 's glistening edge .
the sky had lightened enough that the floodlights shining on the work area had been turned off .
he slid the phone back onto his belt , put the truck in gear , and pulled out of the small parking area .
the glass ceiling high overhead let in the morning sunlight , and several humans sat sipping coffee in the dining area .
he rushed inside , through the living area , and down the stairs to where tynan slept .
it was n't until he could see the lounging area that he came to a stop .
lines that had been painted on the floor to outline separate areas were now covered in dust .
he nodded as he scanned the large open area sprinkled with wooden platforms she guessed were workbenches .
the numbers got smaller the closer she was to the public areas .
joseph led him to a table at the far side of the dining area .
the woman led him to an open area full of dorjan and demons .
the large window behind his desk offered a clear view of the grounds outside , including the outdoor workout area where several men lifted ridiculous amounts of weight .
she heard voices of children as she passed through the large open dining and recreation area .
even though it was well before dawn , jackie found a few people gathered in the open dining and recreation area .
jackie found cain in the workout area .
she led him out to the vacant open area where they practiced with swords .
on the farthest side of the area , he could see bars set into the stone .
and then she was gone - slipping out through the kitchen door into the dining area .
the scent of possession filled the space , marking this area as his .
a quick search of the living areas and bedrooms told her no one was here .
directly ahead was the gaming area , which was the center of all business .
michael crossed the black - and - white marble floor to the gaming area , then moved beyond that to the great room .
he stepped into the eight - foot - square boxing area , which was delineated by painted lines on the hardwood floor .
striding through the double - door entrance , he crossed the gaming area and entered the great room beyond it , his gaze skimming over faces before spotting an empty seating area in a distant corner .
striding through the double - door entrance , he crossed the gaming area and entered the great room beyond it , his gaze skimming over faces before spotting an empty seating area in a distant corner .
the crush of guests somehow cleared the dance area by converging on the perimeters of the room .
he could n't really see who was in the back area unless he stood up , and he did n't stand up very often .
when a customer claimed his attention , she whisked herself out of sight and slipped into the back area .
the trailer was tiny , consisting of a cramped little kitchen with a cramped little table and two chairs as the dining area , a cracked naugahyde couch and a nineteen - inch television sitting on a rickety end table , and beyond that she could see a closet sized bathroom and a bedroom in which the double bed took up most of the floor space .
he opened the hatch and cole set her gently down in the cargo area .
there were only two armchairs making up the small sitting area along with the couch , and dolphin and renshaw took those while baker slouched on the floor .
he disabled the outdated and poorly placed security camera overlooking the closet - sized lobby area , then wiped the recording of the feed going back a solid twenty - four hours .
florinda 's dance studio took over the old firehouse after the town moved all the civil services into this one area and called it a town square . ''
only the kitchen stood between him and her , the pathway delineated by the preparation / cooking area to his left and an older , sturdily built wood table to his right .
` ` i want to go to seattle , take a look around the area where the tipster placed his phone call .
she looked at the two - story building , noting the area with the most damage .
christian checked in with the moroi at the door and then stood in the waiting area until he was called .
laughing , we went off to the massage area .
we put our shoes back on and were led out of the massage area .
guardians had a small booth here , and the area was monitored at all times of the day .
a small desk sat in the middle of an area surrounded by shelves of books .
when she finally managed to pull it free , she saw at once her father had hollowed out an area behind the block to create a small space .
there was a hollowed - out area and i just pulled out the case . ''
he had little control of the guards on the ground area and any of them might spot the handcuffs .
it began as a cavern of worked stone in the mysterious non - geographical space beneath idris , no more than a small council chamber , a small area used as living quarters , and the earliest shadowhunter graveyard .
jimmy shot me a wink before leading us over to the formal dining area reserved for special guests and parties .
an oversized chandelier drips from the entry , and the room opens up to a sitting area .
for some reason i thought the forty thousand dollar price difference would add some square footage to my seating area .
i don my robe and file in behind a man in purple , staring down at his feet as we conduct the walk of shame to our respective seating areas .
a few people sit in the waiting area , each a good couple feet away from one another in an effort to avoid brewing a microcosm of germs in the unaired room .
jeremy nodded and took my purse and walked back to the waiting area where he 'd taken me earlier .
soda 's littered the tables , and we had all managed to take over the small area .
sheltered by the back wall , she carefully placed her precious trash bag out of the splash area , and unzipped her jeans .
beside the shipping and receiving bay was a pile of empty cardboard boxes , but the area was brightly lit with vapor lights .
three more steps took her out of the aisle , into the front checkout area .
one sturdy old woman was making an effort to gather the wounded into one area so they could be cared for .
an archer rose swiftly from behind a rock , bow drawn , hunter 's eyes locked on the target area .
as she walked down the stairs and into the guest area of the resort , she realized the dress code for a ranch foreman 's wedding might be western formal .
she directed him through another set of double doors on the second floor , and they were once more in the guest area .
he started down the hallway that led to the dining room and kitchen area .
this area seems more private .
when they reached the large empty dining room where the midday meal was served , she could hear the buzz of conversation from the family dining area at the far end and through a set of open double doors .
she searched the dock area below her as she descended , but did n't see him yet .
a moment later dennis goodwin appeared in the reception area .
she collected her suitcase and carefully searched the waiting area , but saw no one remotely resembling the man in the photograph .
within a few minutes of leaving the dock area , lorraine noticed that several children had started to follow her .
not sure what to do next , she hurried belowdecks and collapsed on the u - shaped bench that constituted the eating area .
thomas paced the small area outside the bedroom .
jason applebee sat in the living area eating grapes from a beautiful fruit basket .
the area was filled with beautiful , tanned men and women lounging with grease - slicked bodies in reclining chairs , sipping tropical drinks and listening to a mariachi band .
she stepped into the waiting area and saw a man framed in sunlight , standing just inside the clinic door .
` ` you should probably line this area with newspapers .
do you ever get up to the raleigh area ? ''
guessing that they 'd spend a lot of time on the wraparound porch , she insisted on a hammock and matching rockers , along with an outdoor grill and a seating area located in such a way that during storms , they could sit outside without getting wet .
mabel was cleaning up in the back while julie took care of the reception area , and it was then that she noticed the pair of sunglasses on the counter , beside the potted plant .
like all homes there , the main floor of the house had been built above the garage and storage areas due to storm surges .
he 'd slept on a dusty air mattress he 'd found on the shelves , and in the storage area he 'd found a small cooler .
featuring large shady trees , a play area for the kids , and lots of flowers , it did n't seem crowded : a few mothers were clustered together , while children zipped down the slide or glided back and forth on the swings .
lost in thought , he reached the main training area behind the office .
then she exited the waiting area through a set of double swinging doors that led directly to the main area of the hospital .
then she exited the waiting area through a set of double swinging doors that led directly to the main area of the hospital .
the softball game had n't been hard to find - it was the only area of the park with bleachers , the field itself surrounded by a low chain - link fence .
near cook 's drugstore , an area had been set up for children .
kyle dashed toward the kids ' play area , a bundle of unharnessed energy .
she had n't seen him since he 'd headed off to the play area , and she scanned the crowd , wondering if he 'd slipped back unnoticed .
curious , she looked toward the play area , and it was then that she saw the two of them , facing each other a few feet apart .
kyle immediately turned and headed toward the play area .
his can was sitting on the bench , near the edge of the play area , and taylor and denise walked that way .
toward the end of the hour they headed over to the area that housed the games of chance .
it then flowed with gravity toward the engine , out of the passenger area .
almost immediately denise came out from the kitchen area , pushing through a swinging door .
his lungs straining , he moved quickly toward the south end of the building , the only area left standing .
i was thinking of setting up the buffet line next to the windows , and we can leave an area open for dancing right in front of the fireplace . ''
in this single - story , rectangular brick structure , there are offices for the four partners and four associates , three conference rooms , a file room , and a reception area for clients .
switching on the lamp in the reception area , i headed toward my office .
tables were set throughout the main room - with the exception of the dance area in front of the fireplace - and linen tablecloths were spread on each .
our disheveled group stumbled out of the bus and we made our way to the viewing area .
originally built as a fortress on high ground , miles from the main city of valletta , the streets were paved with cobblestone and boasted a viewing area from which it was possible to see a great portion of the island .
in the corner of the set , beyond the general viewing area , jeremy saw the producer rotating an upraised finger in a helicopter pattern .
` ` con men like clausen have been known to use a variety of tricks , including microphones and paid ' listeners ' who circulate in the waiting area before the show .
to the left were the bathrooms , and to the right , beyond another glass wall , was what appeared to be the main area .
jeremy pushed through the heavy glass doors to the main area , proud that he was getting the hang of the way things worked down here .
in the main area , however , he felt a surge of disappointment .
in the nearest two corners were outdated computers , and off to the right was a sitting area that housed a small collection of periodicals .
with oak - paneled walls , mahogany flooring , and burgundy curtains , the cavernous , open room stood in stark contrast to the area downstairs .
` ` most of our daily visitors come in for recent titles by authors they know , so i set up the area downstairs for their convenience .
now , you can stay in here , or you can sit at one of the tables in the main area .
he did the same around the microphones and other equipment , then tied the thread to a branch and formed a large square around the whole area as if closing off a crime scene .
with no one at the front desk , he stopped to peek through the glass doors that opened into the downstairs area .
there was a long bar off on one side , windows that overlooked the river , and , in the main seating area , wooden picnic benches .
he 'd set up a play area behind the register , where his bright and talkative daughterseemed most happy .
roger had cooked both kids hamburgers and fries , and they were all sitting at a table in the grill area , though neither of them showed any interest in eating .
there was only one person eating in the grill area , and roger was leaning againstthe counter , chatting with him .
he approached the grill area , lifted the divider , and stood facing the grill itself .
his narrowed eyes shot me a warning that needed no words as we entered the waiting area adjacent to the field , across from the stands .
nets and shaky platforms hung across other areas , designed to test just how well we could fight under difficult conditions .
she led me back to the waiting area and gently pushed me onto a bench .
i 'd also passed a lot of time in areas filled with bittersweet memories , like the training areas where i 'd first gotten to know dimitri .
i 'd also passed a lot of time in areas filled with bittersweet memories , like the training areas where i 'd first gotten to know dimitri .
when we walked in , we were immediately met by a reception area like you 'd find in any other administrative office .
mia had explained that it was a gateway to all the guardian secrets , to their records and main offices -- and surveillance areas that monitored high - risk regions of the court .
was this what served as the prisoners ' ` ` exercise area '' ?
` ` take these two down to the feeding area so they do n't drive us crazy .
according to the blueprint , the feeding area was situated on the opposite side of the prison .
studying had given me a sense of the layout , but lissa did n't realize where we were headed until a sign alerted us : warning -- now entering prisoner area ( criminal ) .
he entered this area all the time , i realized .
we finally exited the prisoners ' corridor through another set of double doors and at last reached the feeding area .
another sign read overhead warning -- now entering prisoner area ( psychiatric ) .
lissa 's hotel suite had an expansive living room and work area , with an adjacent bedroom accessible through frosted - glass french doors .
i literally came to a halt when the guardian on duty in the front reception area stopped me .
she was staying at almost the opposite end of the court 's grounds from the holding area , and i covered the distance at a light jog .
as my view of the area expanded , i could see a large fire pit in the middle of the room , embedded in the stone floor .
we wo n't have long , but he 'll tell the guardians in the holding area that you were authorized to come down . ''
her high - heeled boots made tapping sounds against the floor as she left the baggage - claim area .
gripping her by the waist , he promptly placed her in a chair in the kitchen area .
the kitchen area , complete with sink and countertop , a few open - faced cupboards , the cast - iron stove , and a table with four chairs , flowed naturally into a cozy sitting area .
the kitchen area , complete with sink and countertop , a few open - faced cupboards , the cast - iron stove , and a table with four chairs , flowed naturally into a cozy sitting area .
either her mother or father would be waiting in the cell - phone waiting area for her text message .
aptly named , the quieter lounge area spilled an eerie blue light , reminding him of the blue grotto in capri .
the living area showcased a series of plush cream sofas with plump pillows , a large wet bar , and a private balcony that overlooked the entire skyline of vegas .
the gorgeous colors of the desert theme interspersed the room with a cream sectional sofa , rich cherry wood dining area , and a wet bar taking up one entire side .
there were people in suits filling the area just outside the office .
in fact , the ones that normally used the area to study looked irritated .
alex did n't talk much as i showed him the facility : the mews , the enclosures , and the area where we prepped the food .
rose went to the little area in front of the kitchen and pulled a curtain shut .
alex nodded toward the little curtained area .
i heard the curtain whisper as he stepped into the area .
with a small smile , he turned away and left the curtained area .
there was so much history and one of my favorite parts of the whole place was a little area near a stone wall .
` ` there is a smaller family area upstairs .
a comfortable sitting area comprised of a sofa , a table , and two chairs had been set in one corner of the room , and at the wall opposite them , were a pair of french doors leading out onto a balcony .
mary stared up at the glass dome covering the room as she took ryan 's hand and followed him along a tiled walkway toward a small seating area that looked out over the gardens .
lucas declined cole 's offer of a drink but took the seat in the sitting area away from the desk when cole issued the invitation .
she needs an area free of distractions where she can write and draw .
it felt odd to walk into the spacious room cole had allocated as her work area .
julie 's laughter followed them into the changing area .
` ` this area is usually closed for lunch . ''
with a resigned sigh , he followed the suits to the backstage area .
they motioned him toward a slightly less congested area and the two men accepted a drink from a gangly boy who could n't be more than a teenager .
she walked into the reception area where the others were all standing around talking .
connor yanked her from the elevator and she found herself plopped onto one of the leather couches in the small sitting area on her floor .
connor followed kane 's gaze to the clothing draped from one end of the pool area to the other .
he stalked toward the door leading to the patio and pool area .
he quickly scanned the patio but found only sam , standing legs apart , arms over chest , his gaze focused on an area much higher than where the girls were swimming .
kane 's men positioned themselves between the area where the fans who had chute seats were allowed from the stands close to the stage and the stage itself .
they circled once while she waved to the cheering crowd and then they disappeared behind the gate to the backstage area once more .
` ` okay , so i know you guys are n't thrilled with cattleman 's , but i arranged our own little private drinking area , complete with ... drumroll , please ... our own private bartender .
she parked close to the entrance , noting that there were only two other cars in the designated parking area , one of which was a slick - looking bmw .
he entered the small area of respite and slid into the last pew in a row of four .
the two men asked as he paused before them in the waiting area .
he led her through the music room , past the piano to a pair of french windows that led out to an enclosed garden with a seating area and an infinity pool shaded by palms .
he handed his hat and gloves to one of the two attending footmen , and passed through the main gaming areas to the great room beyond .
she had offered to take a suite in the guest area , since this was his home and their marriage a sham , but he had pointed out how much more time she spent at home than he did .
without care for his tan - colored breeches , rhys plunged through the hip - high shrubs , rounded a large elm , and found a small sitting area on the other side .
chapter twenty - two lana the music was thumping outside my window and the strangers i did n't know filling up the living area of the condo were getting louder .
laying out here in my safe shaded area made me feel like i was hidden from the world .
it had a single bedroom and bath , a cramped living area , and a kitchen with barely enough room to house a mini refrigerator .
the bed - and - breakfast was about what he 'd expected : four bedrooms upstairs , with a kitchen , dining room , and seating area downstairs .
after reaching morgan tanner 's office , dawson and amanda sat in the small reception area replete with scuffed pine floors , end tables stacked with outdated magazines , and fraying upholstered chairs .
tanner 's office was nothing like the reception area , with mahogany shelving neatly stacked with hundreds of law books and a window that overlooked the street .
fiona got up and went to the living area to take a better look at the cage , then turned back to z .
z 's gaze shifted to the living area in front of the couch where he 'd left her the bag with her books and tools .
the pup ran behind the couch in the living area to hide .
when he trudged out of his private den to the pack 's common area , grasping a bottle of whiskey by the neck , he felt a rush of guilt at the way his pack cowered from the waiting demon .
fiona and the pup were playing in the main living area , but there was a witch besides fiona .
the vamp grumbled something incoherent as fiona corralled him back to the living area .
her books and most of her things were stacked neatly in the living area .
she saw a hulking shape materializing in that incredibly small space - as if it were coming through a door in the area between the cabin and the trunk .
ethan rose up on his elbows and swept his viewing area with his rifle .
ethan took the hint and walked on to the small reception area where sam sat .
she turned , and ethan followed her past the shower area to a kitchenette that had a two - burner stove , a small fridge and a microwave .
cole and dolphin were propped against the wall in the waiting area as they waited for the chopper to arrive that would carry them into mexico .
rusty stepped into the garden patio area from the walkway that led to the front of the house .
there were distinct footprints , and closer to the overhang , there was a hollowed - out area that looked very much like someone had huddled there .
and just when the lady behind the ticket counter announced they were going to start preboarding people who might need a bit of extra time and every single person in the gate area turned squarely to me , i saw augustus fast - limping toward us with a mcdonald 's bag in one hand , his backpack slung over his shoulder .
from there , we left the franks ' living area , but we were still in the museum : a long narrow hallway showed pictures of each of the annex 's eight residents and described how and where and when they died .
` ` i ' m talking about the gorgeous black - haired , blue - eyed , towering hunk of manhood standing in the reception area .
he parked in the ground level area beneath the condos beside a wicked - looking black motorcycle and turned off the engine .
four doors opened off opposite sides of the octagonal area .
his entry opened directly into a huge living area with a wall of floor - to - ceiling windows .
outside to her left a stark , plexiglas - railed patio jutted from the dining area beside her to the far end of the building .
all too soon she 'd handed over the report on the airplane 's performance , secured her bike and stood beside the black chevy suv gage had pulled beneath the covered drop - off area in front of hamc 's private departure lounge .
she hovered near the entrance of his breakfast area , her long legs bare beneath the hem of one of his white t - shirts .
a pile of cards on her coffee table caught his eye and pulled him across the living area .
although she rarely had reason to visit the guest accommodations , she knew that not only did this suite have a marble - floored entry and separate dining area , it contained an entertainment lounge complete with big - screen tv and surround sound , a private work station with every gadget a traveler might require and a luxurious bedroom with a whirlpool bath big enough for two .
trent returned to the sitting area wearing another v - neck cashmere sweater , this one in a rich cream , over a black crewneck t - shirt and black jeans .
she clutched the sheet to her chest and listened to him moving around in the sitting area .
he returned to the living area and found paige wedged into the corner cushions of the sofa with her legs crossed and one of the glossy hotel - provided magazines in her lap .
jenny followed his gaze to a section of the building beside the golf course , apparently an area for eating , because there were orange plastic tables and stools bolted to the ground .
latticework shielded most of the first floor , which appeared to be a large entertainment area .
the tense furrows on his face eased somewhat but not completely as he carried her up the incline and past the white - iron fence into the patio area .
and just that quickly , sebastian felt it all the way to his bones the minute she walked out to the pool area .
eight s ebastian paced in the emergency room waiting area , still not certain if marianna and their baby were all right .
the lounge area buzzed lightly with piped in muzak , their receptionist off to the left - and to the right , ross waiting in her office door .
stroking the bloom along her mouth , she glanced through the open side door to the connected sitting area ginger had converted into a permanent nursery just for nina .
she tore her gaze away from him and gestured around the transformed sitting area .
she leaned a slim hip against the marble counter dividing the kitchen from the seating area .
he drove out of the small airport 's parking area and onto the main highway .
although the backseat area was packed with enough technology to provide a command central for a small army .
the living area was airy and open with high ceilings in keeping with the historic - reproduction feel .
if she took him downstairs to the reception area , she would face questions later from the rest of the staff .
jonah reached ahead to push open a doorway leading into a research area .
he checked to make sure she was dressed on his way out into the sitting area .
jonah tucked her against his side and strode deeper into the living area , out to the patio .
he steered around back to an empty parking area with a three - car garage .
as flynn sang in his raspy smoker 's voice , carella floated back to another time and place , this city in the year 1928 , when everything seemed fresh and innocent to a young girl named jenny , fantasizing in her room all the way downtown , in an immigrant area then called - as it still was - the lower platform .
by then , the condiment area was filling with people going about their business .
not just the grounds with the sculptured rose gardens and hedges and marble statues , or the massive georgian mansion supported by elegant columns , or even the overpriced exotic cars that were being waxed by hand in an area reserved for such things - but all of it .
as far as she could tell , there was n't a special area reserved for the players , and she despaired of ever locating him with so many people around .
beyond them on the pier , he could see the crowd packed in the area closest to the courts , but it was clear just a little farther away .
her dad and jonah had been allowed inside the taped area , and they were standing off to the side , out of the way of the bustling workers .
she weaved through the crowded waiting room toward a door that led to the main area of the hospital lobby and the cafeteria .
kelly parked her honda between two late - model pickup trucks and stepped out into an area set aside for parking .
sensors lit up the area where the prize horses were stabled for the night .
delicate heather had arrived first , her large brown eyes widening when she spied the area kelly had set up as the housekeeping corner , followed by the twins , then allison .
solid brass floor lamps with pale linen shades completed the inviting sitting area .
kelly planned to use this area to meet with parents to discuss their children 's progress or her concerns .
kelly walked over to the sitting area , joining the parents .
they stopped long enough for an afternoon snack of juice and nuts with raisins ; they returned to the playground area , playing on the swings and teeter - totter .
he followed her into the dining area , staring mutely at a table set for two .
kelly gestured to the sitting area .
two hours later , she sat on a love seat in the dining area , her bare feet resting on ryan 's thighs .
taking her hand , he led her out of the stable to an area where mark charlesworth stood waiting with two saddled horses .
floor lamps burned in the school 's sitting area .
she went to bed late , slept in even later and generally did not do anything more strenuous than shift a lounger to a shaded area whenever the sun burned her exposed skin .
the small living area sported scuffed pine flooring and cedar wall planking with just enough room for a frayed plaid couch and a pair of rocking chairs .
he 'd been thrown a million times , and unlike the arena , the area surrounding the bull was lined with foam padding .
she motioned behind her to a seating area .
it was quite elegant , decorated in soft tones of burgundy and cream , with two seating areas , a writing desk , and several cozy reading chairs in the corners .
` ` a couple of good chairs for customers to sit in , '' quinn suggested , ` ` to try on shoes , or wait for a friend in the changing area , but no floral fabrics , no chintz . ''
and i ' m thinking instead of a counter '' -she waved the flat of her hand waist - high- '' i might find a nice antique desk or pretty table for the checkout area .
chapter sixteen layla came into the dining room , which was currently in the process of morphing into their main research area .
there is an open air seating area in the middle , apparently shared by all of the bistros .
fun for one just did n't have the same kick as sharing new experiences.tara turned in her snorkeling gear , gathered her towel and beach bag and trudged barefoot through the sand between the cabanas selling drinks , souvenirs and beach supplies toward the barbecue area of crescent key , kincaid cruise line 's tiny private island and the cruise 's first stop .
tara 's mouth dried and other parts of her moistened even more than the balmy humidity of the indoor pool area mandated .
the grassy area immediately off the patio contained , of all things , a koi pond .
the patio glowed in the flickering light of the dozen pewter pole torches surrounding the area , and the scents of citronella oil and the sweet aroma of the butterfly bushes mingled in the humid night air .
the engines quieted as she returned to the living area .
there were three bedrooms off this play area , four if you counted the nanny 's suite .
lucas 's living and dining areas made her want to see the rest of his place .
bob carried the bowl into the dining area .
i rev up the engine a few times , then inch it forward across the dirt and through the crowd toward the lineup area in front of the hitch .
there 's no big after show party tonight , the guys have just hired out of the vip area in barcelona 's most exclusive club , elephant .
the fun is happening downstairs in the main part of the club , not in this stuffy area , but it 's not like i can just off and hop downstairs to mingle .
and now he 's seated at his table , in the smoking area of this place , with tom and smith , and hordes of groupies hanging around them , and of course the leggy zzhuilette .
i glance over the huge plush patio area , my eyes locking on the swimming pool .
moving from the pool , i approach the seating area , which is decked out with an l - shaped wicker sofa , padded with thick white cushions and centred around a gorgeous fire pit .
jake leans back against the seating area .
making my way past one of the movers , through the front door and living room , i go out onto the patio area , where it 's quiet .
i head into my dressing room area to figure out what to wear tonight .
dave pulls the car around the back of the venue , into the reserved parking area .
i ' m in the dressing area , tying my black maternity wrap dress , when jake comes in .
* * * * hannah craig stopped and stared as dex townsend walked out of gavin 's office and into the grand reception area she liked to consider her turf .
he shrugged out of it as he walked past the arched doorway that led from the living area of the suite .
there was a sitting area just to the left of the bed .
he stepped back out into the living area of the suite he now shared with his brothers and piper .
` ` i left it sitting on the table in the living area of the suite . ''
he swept her through the living area and back toward her bedroom .
she shook her head as she sat on the couch in the living area of her apartment .
her temporary guard had opened the door to her living area .
she led him back to the sitting area .
the downstairs was one big room -- a kitchen off to the left , with butter yellow cabinets and white tile counter - tops ; a small dining area tucked into the corner ( somehow all five of them had eaten at that tiny table ) ; and a living room that took up the rest of the space .
she headed back to the lobby and sat down on one of the molded plastic seats in the makeshift waiting area .
angie led the way to the small area where cocktails were served .
mira 's family , livvy 's family , uncle francis , aunt giulia , conlan , and mama all stood in the tiny area , taking up too much space .
he released a breath of frustration as he turned and walked to the employee parking area .
` ` do your brothers live in the seattle area ? ''
as he led her into the security area , away from his family , he muttered , ` ` i did n't plan this . ''
as soon as he stepped out of the secure area , he paused , searching for her .
his alert gaze was studying every detail of the empty reception area , probably searching for people with weapons .
sitting in my well - lit reception area , the numbers would be visible even without the backlighting .
it was just three rooms , sort of ; the front half of the house was a tiny kitchen and eating area , which was open to the living room .
we are in the living room area that flows into the kitchen .
` ` and i want it to still feel like a formal living and dining area when i sell the place . ''
they 'd nailed down the formal and informal living and dining areas .
looking to start them off small , leigh led them to the kitchen area .
cohen helped me move everything over the barstool seating area at the end of the long island .
* * * after parking outside the er , i jogged into the hospital reception area , boggled by all the signs i saw .
she pointed to a cheerless waiting area behind me , complete with upholstered chairs , carpeting and wallpaper all in the same annoyingly cheerful pastel pattern .
it was quite a bit more comfortable than the emergency waiting room , with clusters of well - worn , plump beige couches and chairs , and a small kitchen area .
she had a crisp view of her work area , while her competitor foraged in near dark .
the cabin only had two : a large living area with a kitchen , and a bedroom off to the right .
a crash from the small dining area raised the ante to two lamps and one vase .
actually , the weather had been mild this year ; though it was december , there had been only one snow , a measly few inches , the remnants of which still lingered in the shaded areas and crunched under her boots .
noiseless in his stocking feet , he moved over to the window in the dining area , flattening his back to the wall as he reached it .
i had to admit , while not necessary , it would be good for emily to have her own area for studying .
we stood in the common area of our dorm , a well - supervised lounge and study area where male and female students could mingle , along with moroi guests .
we stood in the common area of our dorm , a well - supervised lounge and study area where male and female students could mingle , along with moroi guests .
he told me when he 'd be there , and i told him i 'd meet him in one of the common areas with ` ` further instructions . ''
slipping downstairs , i went into the kitchen - a place i could visit so long as i kept things brief - and caught his eye when i cut through the main visiting area .
the party played out as they usually do : drama , a fight or two , girls getting in a tiff , a couple or two getting in an argument resulting in the female leaving in tears , and then the stragglers either passing out or vomiting in an undesignated area .
i caught a glimpse of her caramel hair ; she sat upright and confident at a table full of old men , and america ; the girls were a stark contrast from the rest of those camped out in the poker area .
claire settled into her desk in the reception area , putting away her purse in the bottom drawer of her desk .
she vowed to stop at the next rest area to look over her directions from jason .
jason has an office set up in the sitting area of his room , and i thought it would be easier for you to work together if you are close . ''
they walked through a comfortable living area and then through an ultra - modern kitchen .
claire quickly looked away from jason and walked towards the desk he had set up in the sitting area .
expensive furniture , including luxurious wing back chairs , and mahogany tables were arranged into several intimate seating areas .
there were crystal decanters at each sitting area offering an array of liquors .
generally , she would then exit the area and change into the traditional uniform of the other wait staff and continue assisting with the party .
so much for the softer side of jason i witnessed at the rest area , thought claire , this sarcastic question left no doubt as to whom she was dealing with .
she was so small and trusting curled against his chest while she slept at the rest area .
not waiting for a reply , louise stepped forward and gently led her mother back to her favorite chair in the living area and then continued on to the kitchen .
chapter nineteen claire walked over to a chair in the seating area .
claire stalked back in the sitting area and smacked the folder with her name on it down in front of him .
claire blinked as light suddenly flooded the entryway and the living area beyond .
going back through the living area , jason went down a hallway and opened a door to a guest bath before continuing to the master bedroom .
if she thought the living area was breathtaking , the bedroom made it pale in comparison .
after entering through a large sitting area with pale blue walls claire thought to herself , now this is the rich guy 's man cave .
a comfortable sofa and armchairs created a seating area that just begged to be enjoyed .
hugh followed his gaze to find a large crowd of soldiers and peasants gathered around the practice area .
willa had dragged his sword to the practice area and was presently hacking at a quintain .
the small area was crowded with unfamiliar faces .
the living room leads into the kitchen and there 's an eat - in area .
` ` throw a f**king grenade and let 's be done with this shit , '' garrett snarled from across the wide - open area that was at the heart of the facility .
swanny sat forward and motioned back to the sitting area .
nathan pushed down the aisle past the seats and into the lounge area , where there was a sofa , a table and two other armchairs .
toys were scattered carelessly around the area , and shea thought the entire house and deck looked ... lived in .
sophie came away from the partitioned - off play area and sat with rachel in the swing .
warm water blasted out of the shower head , immediately filling the small area with steam .
one thin door separated this area from main stage and the throbbing music in the club beyond .
as they hit the door at the back of the dark strip joint , he dragged her through a curtain that led to a backstage area .
shooting him a venomous glare through the window , morgan whirled and left the little bathroom , then stalked down the hall , into the kitchen / living room area .
the last thing she expected to see was another man standing in the middle of the living / kitchen area .
she nodded , then looked around the room , bed with sumptuous jewel - toned comforter rumpled from nothing but sleep , hardwood floors gleaming , little area uncluttered .
rolling her suitcase behind her , kimber scanned the suite 's main living area .
the area was shaded by live oak trees and bordered a quiet side street , which would help with privacy .
the units were far apart , with a park - like area in the middle .
red lights shined overhead , giving the back a goth feel that contrasted with the public area 's warmth .
butcher - block prep area is well placed and large .
` ` peter was in the guest area around the stage fifteen minutes ago .
luc paced the emergency room 's waiting area .
when he 'd run out of books and time was more than up , he stood and walked to the portable kitchen area and grabbed the microphone .
the cozy living area was filled with buttery tan leather and wrought - iron tables , which led into a kitchen with earth - toned paisley patterns and cherry cabinets .
her belly twisted in knots , and she took a deep breath , willing herself to calm as logan guided her deeper into the club 's public area .
with groundeating strides , he darted toward the secured door that led to the restricted areas of the club , fusing his mouth over hers .
xander entered the secure area , glanced their way , and frowned .
in silence , they headed to the club 's common areas , and tara could n't stop herself from looking around , wondering if the scum who 'd murdered logan 's mother - and wanted to kill her - was watching her even now .
at the far end of the living area , he opened a door to a masculine bedroom .
we have a dressing area there .
after dinner , you 'll be escorted around the various play areas , then asked to scene for your guide , to ensure you 're capable of following the resort 's rules . ''
the vip area ?
` ` as long as we stay in the more public areas , i should be fine .
if he invites me back to the vip area , we 'll put a plan together .
just before he turned to leave the security booth , logan glanced at the feed from inside the secured area of the pit .
as the door clattered up , and the dungeon monitor pulled out of allison 's mouth and wandered out of the cramped holding area , zipping up his leathers and looking mighty pissed .
he grabbed her hand and led her from the foyer , through the kitchen , then down a couple of steps into a sunken living room area that he could finally take the time to observe since he was n't focused on finding clues .
as soon as they walked into the partitioned area and saw that they were alone , she stopped and gaped at him .
the small bar area and takeout counter sat to the right , doing a steady business already .
a dining area big enough for maybe fifty people lay beyond the hostess stand in front of a half wall just inside the foyer .
elijah spotted some dude in a uniform he 'd never seen flashing callie 's picture to the passengers just as they cleared the secure area of the terminal .
i drifted toward the smoking area and watched him through a window .
as coachman led them toward the secure area of the building , sean turned back to the security guard .
satisfied everything was well under control , he locked up his observation room and headed downstairs into the secure area of the building .
he glanced toward the bar area as their server started toward their table with three drinks balanced on a tray .
this next area is actually furnished . ''
he had n't seen emma in the line going through security , and she was n't in the gate area , either .
he bought coffee and sipped it as he paced the gate area and cast frequent glances down the concourse .
in any event , a chauffeur holding a sign printed with the name wallace waited as they left the secure area of o'hare .
it took up about a third of the space , which left room for a cozy seating area in front of a blazing fire .
we have a little area in the far corner of the store with a pot - bellied stove and a couple of wooden armchairs .
` ` does he have a corner on the were market here in the seattle area ? ''
` ` i ' ve been sleeping in a bedroom across from geraldine 's because she wanted me nearby , but i 'll move down to a spare room in the staff area to free up the space . ''
at first he was astonished that she did n't laugh at his clumsy attempt to coax her into an area that contained a bed .
he 'd agreed with her that it should be positioned beyond the croquet area on the edge of the bluff .
she placed her hand in his strong , warm grip , and he drew her away from the window into a somewhat cozy area that contained a curved sectional covered in ivory leather .
she smelled fresh lumber and a hint of pool chemicals as she climbed the sturdy steps to the deck area .
knowing that duncan would appear any minute had her pacing the baggage claim area .
no walls blocked the kitchen from the living area , which included an upholstered sofa and two overstuffed chairs , all covered in a native american print .
this close to her , he became more aware of her scent , one he 'd reacted to from the moment he 'd walked into the baggage claim area .
full disclosure on edith 's part would have included the crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling that cast rainbows throughout the room , and the thick pile of the fake - fur rug at the foot of the bed , which would also make a nice landing area for a coupling couple .
he dumped the sheets in the bathroom and walked out into the main area of the cabin .
kate walked through the entryway and into the living area , her suede boots sinking into rose - colored carpet so plush and soft it would make a perfectly fine surface for sleeping .
he turned and walked into her living area , his steps silent on the thick carpet .
no walls divided the sparkling white kitchen on his left from the living area to his right , probably so she could take full advantage of the views from every window .
she 'd set out the food on a bar - height counter that enclosed most of the kitchen area .
he stopped pacing and faced the kitchen area where she was working .
like many floor plans in this part of the country , no division existed between the living room and the dining area .
the entire area was tidy and unassuming .
chapter 4 baseball bat raised and heart pounding , rachel walked slowly through the dining area toward the kitchen .
he 'll probably be sitting in the parking area , waiting for me and wondering where the hell i am . ''
she approached the parking area at the end of the path leading to her cabin .
he backed his truck out of the parking area .
that was until she almost poured the coffee down the drain instead of carrying it into the dining area .
when he pulled into the parking area beside the path to rachel 's cabin , the presence of both rachel 's and lionel 's trucks calmed him .
jake had no idea what the kid was talking about , so he continued out the door and down the path to the parking area , moving fast .
they reached the parking area and jake started toward his truck .
the chandeliers in the main hall and dining area are large and gleaming .
over in an area by a food stand , a mariachi band was playing .
with three narrow beds in the living area and the children 's cots in the kitchen , there is barely room to walk in here anymore .
it is mama who organizes the people in her building : tomorrow they will go to the storage area in the basement and make a shelter .
there was a small sitting area - a love seat that could be made into a bed - a coffee table , a television , and two twin beds .
finally , she ended up at what nina figured was the altar - a small area draped in heavy white silk adorned with russian crosses made of gold thread .
chapter 4 the tantalizing aromas of thanksgiving dinner made hammer 's mouth water as he entered the dungeon , now transformed into a makeshift dining area , complete with buffet tables , draped in turkey - themed cloths .
she must have looked pitiful because one of the workers sent her a glance full of sympathy and let her grab a few prepackaged foods before they locked up the counters , leaving the seating area open , with its silent but animated televisions flashing and the chairs empty .
sure enough , across the magellan 's common area , two clots of teenage males were staring each other down with that look of we 're so gon na fight about something lame .
some of the people in the common area were watching hickory and dickory leave ; the others were looking at me with strange expressions .
after the magellan departed from phoenix station , the colony leaders found out about the near - rumble in the common area , because i told them about it over dinner .
` ` i do n't want one word of what happened tonight to get back to john and jane , '' i said to hickory , as it , dickory and i stood in the common area of the village .
we had the common area to ourselves .
` ` guys , i ' m tired , '' i said , because i did n't want to think about any of this anymore , and if i did think about it anymore - about the idea that some pack of creatures was following us in the trees - i might have a collapse right there in the common area .
gretchen and i walked into the receiving area , which was pitch black because of the signal - cloaking material ; you had to close the outer door to the information center before you could open the inner door .
and then i got up when the sun came up and walked out to our exercise area , and started everything again .
their bosses - the advisors and dignitaries - filed into the area between the bar and the platform .
and when they cleared the station of the rraey , they took those of us humans who were left and put us in a common area .
so they came back to us in the common area and they called out my father 's name .
carton of milk still in hand , brenna took another drink and headed out into the living area of the lodge that also functioned as the main office .
she gestured for the two of them to come sit down in the salon area .
brenna trotted over to the area that had been staged for the photo shoot .
pale beige sheets had been draped over the windows and across the flooring , creating a neutral area for the shot to be set up .
i move into the area around the sinks and grab a paper towel , then turn the faucet on , careful to make sure my fingers do n't touch the gleaming metal .
there is a reception area the size of two or three graves shoved together without any chairs , and then to the right a long hallway , with three offices on either side .
i ascend to the fourteenth floor without incident , noting the condition of all the common areas ( pristine ) , then enter my room .
she looked around , admiring a floor - to - ceiling fireplace in the middle of a cozy sitting area .
the wall safe where he kept valuables was hidden in the dining area , but she 'd know that .
instead , he dropped into a chair in the sitting area and ripped open the envelope that had his name on it .
the other half was much cleaner , with a tile floor and a small kitchen - like area with a sink , cabinets , and an industrial - size fridge .
i 'd have a petting pen and a much nicer milking shed and production area . ''
ozzie circled elliott 's feet , staying as close as possible while the goats positioned themselves around the kitchen area of the milking shed , mostly content to watch .
a closed - off petting area filled one side and behind it , a series of larger pens , with a hand - painted sign above them that read : the official mascots of the barefoot bay bucks !
` ` i do n't know what to believe anymore , '' liza whispered to herself as she stepped into the lounge area of the boat .
each area was painted a different color - the living room yellow , the kitchen green .
he 'd joined others from work for drinks at her apartment before , out here in the living area , but he 'd never seen the bedroom up close .
movement drew her attention to the far recesses of the reception area , where jason lounged , assessing her with sexy , hooded eyes .
but the clients in the waiting area did n't know , and this is my announcement to make to the world when i ' m darn well ready . ''
he steered her toward one of the two bar stools at the mammoth island between the kitchen and eating area .
everything she 'd seen in the house thus far was top - of - the - line , from the kitchen to the three bathrooms , to the master suite with a sitting area .
brock 's secretary sat outside in a waiting area at a modern acrylic desk like the rest of the floor - and flynn leaned against a sleek filing cabinet built into the wall .
hatch clutched the crumpled leaves in his fist and turned back to the conference area of his office .
closing the door behind him , he jogged up another half set of stairs to the open gallery computer area .
he tucked his hands in his back pockets and cruised to a stop in the seldom - used kitchen area .
he paced around the kidney - shaped pool , the entire area encased in a glass solarium with thriving plants .
an outside door to the pool area clicked , then swung open , admitting a cold blast of air and a bundled duo .
and i do n't consider a glassed - in pool area a part of the house .
fishing out his phone , he leaned on the balcony rail so he could still see mari through the picture window in the sitting area .
the wind still wound around her as they sat at the patio dining area , but her senses moved on from the music to the air of roasting meat from the kitchen and the sound of laughing children .
rowan jogged down the long steps from the pool area to the beach .
dimmed lights from the wet bar bathed the sitting area in an amber glow .
rowan opened his bedroom door and found mari already waiting for him in the sitting area with issa cradled in her arms .
he charged across the sitting area to the bar .
he grabbed the cell and took it back into the sitting area , reading the name scrolling across the screen .
about a week later , i was on my way to the cafeteria and i saw him in the visitation area with his dad .
his gaze snapped to the long skinny windows on either side of the door leading out to the main dining area where she worked.no sign of shannon 's slim body , winding her way through the brass , crystal and white linen of the five - star restaurant .
his gaze shot straight to the door again , bracketed by two windows showcasing the dining area .
he reached inside his jacket for his iphone and ducked into the dining area where he could see the child but would n't wake him .
he edged closer , the stretch of his hard muscled shoulders blocking out the light filtering from the living area .
striding through the sitting area to the next door , he flipped back the brocade spread and set her son in the middle of the high bed .
he gestured into the sitting area .
choosing a less formal dining area outside , he sat at the oval table on the veranda shaded by a lemon tree , vernon beside him with a plate full of churros .
she and kolby had separate bedrooms off a sitting area with an eating space stocked more fully than most kitchens .
she turned away fast , her hands raised as she raced back into the sitting area .
dipping at the door , he flipped the handle and shouldered inside the pantry , a food storage area the size of a small bedroom .
smothered coughs and chuckles echoed around her in the steamy tiled area , but she remained undeterred .
clearing the hall and entering his reception area , he tore his eyes away from the enticing curve of her butt and nodded to his secretary , an efficient woman with photos of her twelve grandchildren neatly lined up on her desk .
the reception area outside carlos 's office echoed with emptiness , thank goodness .
the click of a turning doorknob snapped her attention back to the reception area a second before carlos 's office door opened , the man of the hour filling the frame with his broad shoulders .
they 'd already seen the library , music room , movie screening room , pools , more than one dining area and her own suite .
the suite sported two bedrooms off a sitting area with an eating space stocked more fully than most kitchens .
asleep in his room on the other side of the sitting area ?
as she padded away from her four - poster bed toward the sitting area , she felt the floor vibrate under her bare feet .
now , she and most of the medinas paced in a private waiting area at the jacksonville hospital where enrique had been transferred for his transplant .
while she was n't a big fan of preferential treatment , she understood how much mayhem their presence would have caused had they been placed in the public waiting area .
nine hours later , carlos sagged back in his seat in relief as his father 's surgeons left the waiting area .
trailing her fingers down the chair railing in the hall , she made her way through the ` ` man cave '' living room and into the dining area .
he moved fast , tucking her behind him as he scoped the living area and found his intruder .
her entire condo back in miami could have fit in the living area with room to spare .
the windowless vault room in the middle of the house had everything he needed - a bed , an efficiency kitchen , a bathroom and a sitting area , small , but useful down to the last detail .
out in the main living area , he guided her to the sectional sofa , wide palm ceiling fans clicking overhead .
about a week later , i was on my way to the cafeteria when i saw him in the visitation area with his dad .
she disarmed the alarm , then walked beside him down the narrow hall leading toward the living area , clicking her fingernails along a panpipe hung on the wall .
troy straddled a chair at the table in the suite 's dining area .
lifting the tray with food and a pot of tea , she angled around the bar , past the baby grand piano and into the living area .
he 'd stepped into the living area for the tray of cheese and fruit .
she 'd expected elliot to try to make a move on her once they got inside , but the suite had three bedrooms off the living area .
as if conjured from her thoughts , elliot appeared in the arched doorway between the living area and her bedroom .
the sitting area loomed quiet and empty .
elliot glanced through the living area at the closed bedroom door and the baby in his arms .
once she was sure no one else was in the small sitting area or in the stalls , she confronted elliot 's former fiancee .
she shoved into the crush , searching for a path through to her viewing area or to the nearest telecast screen .
she could n't just sit in the private viewing area and wait for someone to call her .
following her , he lounged in the archway linking the kitchen to the dining area , trying to hang on to the conversation long enough to address her fears about him .
jordan jefferies had never experienced it before now , but sitting in the hospital waiting area , not knowing what was wrong with brooke and their child , scared the hell out of him .
except brooke did n't seem the least bit thrilled tonight , lying on the sofa in the sitting area between their rooms .
her fax machine hummed quietly on the far side of the room even though she did n't so much as glance at the papers spewing out in her work area .
sheila sashayed into his work area on spiky high heels .
he looked through the window to the dining area with all the food .
he could take care of that one by the fire - place , too , he thought further , turning back toward the exposed area by the chimney .
the public areas of the store were plush and opulent , furnished with gilded louis quatorze tables and velvet upholstered chairs , baroque chandeliers and aubusson carpets - reproductions , of course , but all designed to promote the same air of sumptuousness the designer clothes afforded her clients .
the dining area lay near the windows , and dorsey could just make out the entrance to the kitchen on one side .
as lily led leonard freiberger through the gallery toward the east wing that housed the private living area where schuyler kept his office , she strove for polite conversation .
so , rounding the counter that separated the kitchen area from the living area , he saw her stooped down , struggling to extract something from one of her lower cabinets .
so , rounding the counter that separated the kitchen area from the living area , he saw her stooped down , struggling to extract something from one of her lower cabinets .
she smiled , then made her way to the kitchen table in the dining area that sat catty - corner to the living area .
she smiled , then made her way to the kitchen table in the dining area that sat catty - corner to the living area .
as so many other areas of the house were , schuyler 's set of rooms was an utterly masculine retreat .
certainly the business area was much improved over what it had been less than an hour ago , even though they still had a ways to go there .
the other walls were bare , violet noted , and the waiting area held only a quartet of empty and uncomfortable - looking chairs .
` ` i mean , i ' m here now , and- '' she threw a meaningful look over her shoulder at the waiting area ` ` -and no one else is , and , as i said , it wo n't take long . ''
and so what if it only had one bedroom and teeny living area and a kitchen that was the size of an electron ?
while noah showered and shaved , she padded into the living room area of the hotel suite in a bathrobe , intent on getting herself some orange juice from the small refrigerator there .
she was hoping to have a chance to discuss a big account for her interior design business , precious bundles , which specialized in children 's rooms and play areas .
` ` my initial idea is to create a door where one of the floor - length windows is now and create a small outdoor play area .
when liz walked into quentin 's private reception area at noon on monday , a sprightly sixty - ish woman looked up at her inquiringly .
they 'd have an office to one side for the administrators , some child - size tables and chairs for the kids set up in the open area in the middle , and play stations to the left for building with blocks or playing with dolls .
` ` quentin , where are you- '' ` ` i 'll be out this afternoon , '' he informed his secretary as he aimed for the elevators beyond the reception area .
he 'd just finished the call when a booming voice from the reception area caught his attention .
when he got to the reception area , however , he came to a dead halt .
in the house 's little dining area , she saw stephen eyeing the floral display in the center of the table .
off to the side , adjacent to the hotel , was a canopied area that would serve as the location for an indoor - outdoor reception .
the front door led directly into a large room with a living - room area at one end and a dining room at the other .
` ` you could achieve the same in sperling stores , but i 'd have to be assured of proper product placement- good sight lines , and some swing areas . ''
zeke led the way down a corridor and to an area behind the concert stage .
after checking the bathroom and then the living room area , he had to face facts : she 'd left without so much as saying goodbye , thanks for a great time .
from the marble - floored entry area , the cool ambiance of the living and dining room area was visible .
from the marble - floored entry area , the cool ambiance of the living and dining room area was visible .
now that the principal parties had exited the area of worship , she assumed the congregants felt at greater liberty to voice their whispers .
looking around , she concluded from the sparse furnishings and lack of personal belongings that the room probably served as a staging area for church functions .
colin closed the door on the curious faces still looking at them from the main area of the church .
after their confrontation in the church staging area , belinda had swept out of the room .
a white croquet coverlet covered the full - size bed that occupied most of her sleeping area .
thank goodness they were in a semiprivate area of the room , tamara thought .
near the back , he could see a partition that appeared to section off a sleeping area .
in front of him , the space was dominated by a comfy work area - a deep - red velour couch and armchair , a few potted plants and a large glass - topped table cluttered with what looked , at a glance , like the tools of the jewelry - making trade .
she rode the elevator up , and when she reached sawyer 's executive floor , she crossed the reception area , her footsteps muffled by carpeting .
i felt sick to my stomach on the elevator up to the 30th floor and i sat in the reception area waiting to be called , subtly performing breathing exercises .
it had a couple of bedrooms and a small conference area and had the signature crystal vases on the table .
three of their guys covered their backs , returning fire as they exited the industrial area .
one of the nurses led rachel to a partitioned - off area where she changed into one of the unflattering gowns all patients wore .
shane asked as he grasped her hand and led her to a more private area in the palace .
` ` i can barely walk , '' he groaned as he dashed through the sitting area and made a straight path to his sleeping chamber , stopping only when he reached his bed .
she turned her head to look at the newest toy he 'd bought , a wooden table with movable areas for the arms and legs , and with soft leather straps that he 'd used to bind her with .
lia followed shane to the control area and then stood by as he checked everything before he began moving slowly away from the dock .
when she stepped back into the living area , dressed and ready to go , she was happy to see him in a pair of fitted trousers and a tucked - in dark blue dress shirt .
nerves began to take complete mastery over her body as she made her way across the entryway into the huge living room area .
` ` let 's go to the back and discuss business , '' rafe finally said , and he and shane walked from the main sitting area .
two stunning marbled bathrooms with deep jetted tubs and separate all - glass showers , a spacious bedroom with an enticing king - size bed , a living room with a glowing fireplace , and a dining area with a table that had seating for their entire party , plus a few extras .
she was led to an observation area , where she was able to watch him float around as he caressed the terrifying sharks .
when rafe gave her a thumbs up , then made his way to the surface , ari let out the shallow breath she was holding and went to meet him by the changing area .
the maitre d ' greeted them as if they were familiar guests and escorted them to a private area .
her stomach was rolling over as she followed mr . kinsor inside , past the host , and straight back to a secluded area .
rafe caught up to her as she made it to the barely lit bus area .
his disgust grew at her shabby , small living area which was sparsely furnished .
i know , i know , that stuff is boring , so you 'll be happy to hear that she has seven comfortable guest cabins , each with their own private bath , a game room that will make you very happy , lia , a swimming pool , patio bar , along with conference rooms , and a formal dining area . ''
she was going to clean off as quickly as possible and pray there were clothes waiting for her in the sitting area when she was finished .
she walked back in the bathroom and rinsed out her bikini top , then went back to the sitting area and found a hair dryer and dried it before slipping back into the uncomfortable thing .
i ' m sure i would be able to find the dining area , '' she said as she approached him .
right this way , '' he said as he opened a door that led into his ornate dining area .
in addition , another seating area was to the right , where his family was chattering lively while having pre - dinner drinks .
she snapped as she walked inside and found herself entering a large living room area .
it has a large master bedroom , two other sleeping quarters , a conference room , general meeting area , kitchen and two more bathrooms .
huge windows opened out onto the grungy street , but tanner saw potential for the neighborhood , especially since every area except his building was cleaned up .
` ` at least there are a lot of storage areas . ''
it took him only a few minutes to reach the mall by taxi once he took care of business , and then tanner found himself in a stuffy changing area with the ugly - as - sin santa suit hanging before him .
stepping into the break room , which also happened to be the changing area , he smiled when he found kyla sitting on the bench , her costume in hand as she rubbed at her eyes sleepily .
after several long moments , he rose to his feet and went through the mall to the changing area .
a front lobby area was available .
with that , he stood up and stomped from the ridiculously festive ` ` north pole '' area , walking through the mall with people skirting around him , his stink following wherever he went .
she thrust down the bar , yanked open the door , and rushed into the parking area .
she sat on the couch in the sitting area and crossed her legs , then uncrossed them , smoothed out her skirt , and crossed them again .
the guests for the party were already arriving and filling the recreation area of the center .
wishing he had n't left his leather jacket at the door , he paced the small patio area to keep warm , reminding himself that he was n't a kid anymore .
some of the adults were dancing on the wooden floor , swaying to a sappy old christmas tune coming from a set of speakers near the dancing area .
grady suspected that this enormous space was probably a basketball court or a sports area for the kids when it was n't being used for a christmas party .
there was no aircraft parked in the gigantic space , so she was able to get around the large area quickly , bypassing a few small rooms with desks , obviously small offices .
her eyes roamed around the enormous storage area .
she must have reacted to the grave tone of his voice , because she flew out the door of the reception area immediately .
if i would have exposed myself then , it would have made it more difficult for me to assist in luring the rest of the group to an arrest area , '' marcus informed her .
he paced the enormous room , circumventing the chairs in the living room area as he walked back and forth restlessly across the cabin .