this was one area of questioning he had n't bargained on ever having to answer .
this was an area siri had n't anticipated , and was n't really ready for .
she 'd been alone with her boys for so long , making all the decisions , never having to consult with anyone , this was a new area for her .
since zayn had disappeared without any word , she did n't know what area of expertise he 'd gone into , but he looked like he was doing fabulously well for himself as well .
focusing on her schoolwork , she was busy taking notes , highlighting areas of importance and shifting her papers around so that she could study more efficiently when she felt that strange feeling again .
they have tentacles in so many areas , and talk about a global business !
just not in areas most people think are important , '' she said , and tasted the salmon .
but since divorce is extremely rare here in kanaan , i ' m not focusing so much on that area as protecting children and families from issues they do n't understand . ''
` ` family law is a difficult area to break into .
as my wife , you and i are in the best position to bring about change in so many areas . ''
the man terrified her in that area .
he could understand challenging one 's self , trying to break into new areas of expertise .
elissa made headway in all areas of her day that week .
jake had n't ever realized how much stuff his mother had collected until it was all moved to one area .
he explained the areas that did n't seem to add up anymore .
the term merciless was often applied to him as he found , bought and capitulated on areas of the business world others did n't find profitable .
` ` i ' m not sure you need any encouragement in that area , '' she said , shivering as his hand slid up to her breast .
but she was destined to be disappointed in that area .
i thrived on exploring emotions in other areas of my life - both professionally and personally - but when it came to my love life , i would close myself off .
food always seemed to make everything better , and if i knew one thing , my mother had spared no expense in that area .
not one to roll over and die , she started looking for writing work in the technical field - brochures , product manuals , websites - but the market had lots of job hunters with tons of experience in that area .
they settled down in the office and skimmed through the first few chapters together , with drake filling in the blanks for some areas where she 'd had questions .
she was even considering the ways in which her research could be of benefit in areas such as mental illness .
the way lani saw it , if she could find an alternative for such patients , one that would eliminate this condition , then this was one of the many areas in which her painstaking research would be well worth it .
` ` leilani kent , in recognition of your stellar work and your contribution to research in the area of neurodegenerative diseases , we present you with the antioch award of excellence . ''
he might be a big - shot in other areas of his life , but here he was no longer the top of the food chain .
she may be faking all the rest , but that was one area of their relationship where no acting was required .
` ` since i do the final interviews for all new employees , would you care to refresh my memory and tell me what your name is , when we hired you and just which area of skerritt and crowe you think you work in ? ''
she could see where a change was definitely in order in that area .
and he was n't altogether sure that he had n't already crossed the line in both areas .
you ' ve been wanting to expand into that area of the business for some time . ''
` ` and i would n't know a damned thing about the areas that need improvement . ''
` ` i appreciate the vote of confidence , but i do n't think i 'd be very good in that area . ''
she asked , not wanting to intrude on an area of his life that he might not want her to know about , but still curious about almost every aspect of this man .
she 'd been in the protect and fall in love category , plainly a hands off area .
and your logic could be applied to areas other than business . ''
the company was safe , even stronger than before and demetrius was even coming to hector for advice on shoring up other areas of his enterprises , to ensure that he was n't ever in that kind of situation again .
the library had n't yet been touched and there were several other rooms which she needed to start , but angelo had asked her to hold off on those areas , focusing more on the public and more useful rooms like the great room and kitchen .
they wandered through the other rooms and julianna offered some additional suggestions for pieces that might work in the various areas .
eva , your mother must be desperate to plan your wedding and i 'll certainly offer my assistance in that area . ''
she wanted to start her own company and expand into other areas of translation .
i was hoping that you could help me out in that area . ''
she just wanted experience in a specific area and she wanted her teacher to be a master at the act .
` ` if you say not to accept an abusive employer , do you count in that area ? ''
by the end of the day , she was used to the man that constantly walked behind her , always alert , ready with funds for any museum she wanted to wander through and even offering suggestions on different places to go and areas of interest .
she could deal with anything he threw at her in that area .
that was one area she 'd need to change immediately .
and he 'd do all he could to help her in that area as well .
she said it to everyone , but it was a definite jab at edward since the two men could probably be competitors in some areas .
discussing art and the various techniques put her at ease and she relaxed slightly , talking about the different styles she 'd tried and her preferences , asking him about his own particular interests in both art and other areas of life .
she then dug out her makeup , another area that she 'd dismissed from her life .
this research could benefit other plants and possibly even humans , although she did n't have enough knowledge about human physiology to tackle experiments in that area .
` ` nothing is wrong with it , but it proves that you do n't work in this area . ''
except for marco who was trying to push her in areas where she was unfamiliar .
during the cab ride back to marco 's office , she went through everything the lawyer had said , and came to the conclusion that marco was simply taking on this project as a way to prove to himself that he could succeed in the fashion industry , one area he had n't yet tackled .
she had to laugh because he was actually right in that area .
after their tour of arecibo , she 'd heard him on the phone talking with one of his business acquaintances about the idea of using the technology he 'd seen in the museum in other areas of his business .
but that man banished all of her efforts in both of those areas and , it seemed , eliminated her common sense .
she could n't figure out this tricky area and she needed to make this perfect .
it caused feelings inside of her to run into the too - crazy - to - control area and she preferred control .
if that is the area you feel i can help the most , i 'll be happy to do my best . ''
i have some ideas in that area as well , '' king stephan said .
but she accepted that he was much more experienced than she was in this area .
the next morning was saturday and she worked on the pile of reports she 'd packed up yesterday throughout the morning , highlighting areas of several contracts that max should be aware of before he discussed them the following week .
odd , he thought silently , he 'd never had any qualms about stating his heritage before but with sidra , he wanted to be just a man who was in the same area as she was .
` ` okay , it sounds like you have some great ideas for these areas , but you have to understand palace protocol as well . ''
they would then combine their areas of expertise to make a difference , to help the people who could n't get help anywhere else .
this was one area in which she wished el - hamin would just put his army down and get rid of the problem .
there were probably so many more schools that needed the same thing , so perhaps this was one area she could make a difference .
i wo n't spring it on you like i did yesterday but could you let me know some areas that might benefit from me passing by ?
since she had zero experience in that area , it was no wonder she 'd fallen for his technique .
and making the food more palatable was one area she was determined to change .
what impressed her the most was that he not only had goals for almost every area in the country , he had detailed plans to reach all of those goals .
` ` think of all the other women in the world who pushed for change in various areas of their culture and risked so much .
she was innocent in that area .
michael had some ideas on how to branch into new areas of the it industry and create more niche marketing that would eventually expand their presence .
` ` so you think this will work in other areas of the company ? ''
i ' m guessing i was wrong not to push in that area . ''
` ` i think you 're probably more creative than i am in that area . ''
even though she did n't like his area of law , she admitted he was a very handsome man .
it was something she felt confident the company could win and would place them in a good position for future work in an area she thought was not very well tapped yet .
this was another area in which michael had been proven correct .
this was n't her area of expertise .
` ` my boy , you do n't need any advice in that area .
laci was one of the top lawyers in washington , d.c . having made a great reputation for herself in the area of contract negotiations .
peter and jeff nodded and the three of them discussed the areas they would like to review and how the due diligence process works at a high level .
he even frowned on two employees going to lunch but most people ignored his attitude in that area .
there was no way he 'd bother climbing them if he was being satisfied in other areas .
she 's no goddess , but he 's willing to put up with his disappointment in that area because she 's good with dogs and old people and- '' ` ` are you insane ? ''
` ` in some areas of my life anyhow . ''
we still had to work in the area of trust , i could see .
i ' m excellent in other areas as well , '' she added , every syllable loaded with innuendo .
` ` what is your area of practice in the nursing field ? ''
even though ginny was n't , and never had been , thrilled about nick 's involvement with the center , this was one area where he refused to budge .
` ` okay , seriously man ... is there any other area of your life that ginny could ' ve screwed you out of money ? ''
he cocked one eyebrow as though considering which area of satisfaction she was referring to , and the sensual little curl of his lips was very suggestive of much more satisfaction being desired on many levels .
she denied heatedly , her hands clenching , her need to fight the point making quin all the more certain he 'd hit on a highly vulnerable area in her current life .
he 'd tried several attractive women , all of them falling short of satisfying him in one area or another .
satisfying his desire for her was one thing , leading into an area of heavy commitment quite another .
' well , i 'll let you have your way with me tomorrow , ' she declared , feeling she had let herself down in this area .
not one falling out with lucy over work or play , and she suited him brilliantly in both areas .
which brought him to the sobering conclusion that the scorn in those vivid blue eyes had been justified and maybe it was time he took stock of what he was doing , shrugging off stuff he did n't like for the sake of cruising along in the social swim , doing his balancing act with people on the grounds that no one was perfect and if they were good for something , what did it matter if they fell short in other areas ?
the pet groomer had straightened him out on quite a few areas that needed his attention .
but i ' ve never felt ... incompetent ... in that area , cole .
her lashes lowered to half mast , as though marking the death of her hopes in that area , and cole mentally kicked himself for bringing up what must be a raw subject for her with brendan having walked away from their long - term relationship .
` ` we agreed when we took over the reins of the family businesses from dad that we 'd each be in charge of our own areas . ''
the men worked together seamlessly , each of them concentrating on a certain area , then helping each other out when needed .
` ` the last time we discussed my shortcomings in that area , you said yon did n't have the time to instruct a tiresomely naive schoolgirl .
since her skills are nonexistent , it stands to reason her talents lie in some other area . ''
each of the six men was an expert in a particular corporate area , and in a matter of weeks they could familiarize themselves completely with their individual division , assess the talents of the vice president of that division , and locate the weaknesses and strong points of that division .
for the next two hours matt listened while the remaining men reported on their individual areas and debated solutions .
` ` you love a challenge , '' theresa wilmer replied , laughing , but as she reached for the phone , she added , ` ` i ' m going to ask the family services people to transfer mrs . borowski out of lasalle and into an area where she 'll only be involved with infants and small children .
only in one area had he treated both his families equally - and that was in the matter of estate : he had died without a shilling to his name , leaving both families equally penniless .
only in one area was his judgment clouded , in duncan 's opinion , and that was when it came to the matter of his english grandfather .
i ' ve had some experience in that area .
as ... diverting as his presence might be , i have some things i need to sort out - and casanova 's not going to be any help in that area .
many of the senior politicians are stuck in the past and do n't see that our schools are lagging behind in those areas . ''
in some areas of her life confidence flowed through her , and in others , insecurities plagued her , especially when it came to relationships .
perhaps in other areas of her life , callie might not hold grudges , but she may react much differently to something so personal .
he seems to be hung up on that area tonight for some reason .
this is going to be the problematic area and i ' m afraid of her reaction .
i guess she feels like that 's an area she knows nothing about since she has n't met them before .
` ` hey , i ' ve compensated in other areas for you .
they worked together during the days , discovering yet another area in which they were attuned .
` ` you have nothing to worry about in that area , '' he rasped , feeling as if he was lying , heard his voice alien in his ears , thick with hunger , rough with agitation .
but this was another area where mennah was in a hurry .
she 'd matured in certain areas only , had become an expert in erecting barriers and bulldozing her way through the confrontations that made up social life , using her blunted social skills as a weapon .
` ` what 's your area of interest ? ''
` ` so , you never told me what area of film you studied . ''
thank goodness she had mad skills in other areas of film , though he never treated her with respect again .
maybe he remembered i 'd been interested in that area .
though he had n't given me his trust in other areas , he was giving it to me here .
that had been my emphasis area of my newly acquired mba , and i was anxious to use it .
` ` honestly , i know there are things that i need to work through in the area of self - worth .
marketing was her area of interest at school .
mark seemed to turn me into a walking disaster area .
the area i think you need to work on is your confidence .
she quickly ran through the presentation outline from start to finish , paying extra attention to the areas vincent had asked her to cover .
` ` i 'll still love you even if you go broke , as long as you keep me satisfied in other areas , '' i joked , breathless from the kiss .
this was one area that i needed to talk to dr . neil about .
you do know the concept of self - help in this area , do n't you ? ''
she should keep her mouth shut , hope he 'd take the conversation to safer areas .
but you could be the prototype and this would remain my area .
i 'll leave the other areas of your education to alonzo , my valet .
i already told jalal he should n't expect your exclusive services in that area . ''
but there are many more areas where we need to see if we 're that compatible . ''
` ` last night proved we are , in all areas that matter .
so ... i 'll just keep this carte blanche to use well in ... other areas . ''
` ` in those areas , you already have carte rainbow .
but in this area , i ' m ahead of you .
hunter 's serious interest in baseball was starting to surface , and this was one area where luis could n't help him .
life sucked in that area .
she knew nothing had changed in that area when madison said , ` ` girl , i ' m gon na be honest .
beth took another sip from her glass , then added , ` ` nick 's no slouch in that area either .
it was just another area of her life where she could ensure that she was safe .
` ` not in that area of my life , '' he amended .
it 'd been four days since the club , and while sevastyan and i had continued to make progress in bed , we 'd been stymied in other areas .
` ` but i have two partners , and each of us has his own area of expertise : will sumner specializes in biotech , james marshall in technology .
` ` it 's good to know you have one area of weakness . ''
it was all just a dumb idea to even set foot in this place , and she certainly did n't want to encourage any attention from a guy who would clearly be interested in areas outside her expertise and comfort level .
calling spirits was n't his area of expertise , nor was he certain ten in the morning was the best time for it , so luckily he had zoe 's hair to act as his lure .
although alex had neglected his family for too long , his new job , his new woman , and the feeling of doing something important for the first time in ages had him wanting to fix other areas of his life too .
because in the one area of his life that meant the most to him , coop was petrified of failing .
yet in this one area , lexie was always extra cautious .
suddenly all areas of her life seemed to be crowding in on her and she yearned for a trip to the top of the empire state building instead of one to the bowels of a nyc police precinct .
she 'd let her guard down around rafe and kept it down in the one area of her life where she should have been more careful .
i 'd thought it would be weird , having him pay such close attention to areas that i used to think were my problem areas , but he put so much love and desire into his touch that i did n't mind .
his voice changed from a regular whisper to a sexy whisper and i immediately felt my own needs in some key areas .
was he passionate in all areas of his life , i wanted to ask , but i already knew the answer .
` ` i am known in certain circles for being an expert in the area of surveillance .
` ` i 'll have you know i am more than fully endowed in that area , thank you very much !
there were two areas of my life when i 'd been blessed with luck .
cole is exceptionally skilled in two areas .
his gaze drifted to the same area of disturbance swanny had already observed , and he lifted one eyebrow .
interesting selection , i thought , thumbing through the various titles , and then i abandoned that area to look around some more .
she had experience in that area , having helped guide several patients through the throes of addiction and into recovery , and the president of the new york chapter of the association of intimate relationship psychologists had invited her .
there was no give in this area of nate 's makeup .
i asked , my curiosity piqued more than i thought it could be concerning kane 's area .
cash is working on getting more help in that area , but until he does , shank is someone we have to keep happy . ''
tell cash how you made a bet with me that involved your area of the club . ''
first , though , i had other areas to attend to .
i would n't be working in this area , but i was still impressed with the size of the place and the huge glass bar .
` ` well , just let me know if you need anything from my area .
he had me sign a contract that i thought was for the job as an assistant curator at his hotel downtown , but i have n't done any work in that area yet .
i could understand if he lacked in one or two areas , but he 's perfect . ''
it thrilled me to see her excitement as she 'd stare wide - eyed at the different places in the areas i told her to concentrate on .
but as confident as i am about putting together a kickass business plan , i know that i ' m going to need a lot of backup in other areas of my presentation .
` ` well , maybe i can help out with the other areas of the investigation , '' i venture .
she walked over to her tables , still ignoring the one where the jerk had eaten , not wanting to deal with that area right now .
i ' ve already highlighted some areas that might be an issue , '' she explained , piling documents into various piles for his review .
kristen pointed out several areas where legislation was coming due on a pending clause that could create havoc with the sale of the factory , adding substantial expense .
` ` i have a great deal of influence in certain areas . ''
i was n't one to linger on this particular area .
hundreds of books had been read in this area .
i do n't know much about wine and honestly made most of my purchasing decisions in that area using the criteria of 1 ) does the label have something interesting on it and 2 ) is it less than ten bucks .
i could n't afford to be so lacking in self - control in any area of life , let alone with men .
and let 's face it , i was n't exactly experienced in that area .
` ` is this your area of expertise ? ''
i ' m just thinking maybe i could help you out in that area . ''
she would n't have to worry if she was doing a good job , because truth was , her experience in that area was pretty slim .
my area of expertise in the club is different than his . ''
` ` what is your area of expertise ? ''
what 's your area of expertise ? ''
` ` you were never soft in any area before .
` ` this area needs a more personal touch . ''
blake was so measured , so in control of every area of his life now .
and some areas she had n't offered up he decided he 'd take on his own .
` ` what 's your area of study ? ''
i do n't want to study in a specific area like french , italian , european or vegetarian dishes .
when the stock contracting issue came up , he 'd bluntly told her to let it go and to focus on other areas of the cattle business .
the time had come for her to be assertive in all areas of her life .
hard to swallow , that he was n't as aggressive in all areas of his life as when he was on the back of a bull .
` ` someone who 's inexperienced in a certain area . ''
never focusing too long on one area .
but chase was determined to prove he could make changes in all areas of his life and stick to them .
` ` the pain takes me to a place where i can truly let go of the control i ' ve tried to maintain in all areas of my life since i was a little girl . ''
but with the emphasis on ag in my degree , i ' m dealing with an entirely different area .
i have little practice in that area , so it probably looks more like i ' m constipated .
i ca n't imagine that max could compete with him in that area , but i decide to keep that to myself .
i want nothing more than to believe nothing has changed in that area of our relationship .
it 's been a while and i ' m pretty rusty in that area .
` ` you should know , ms . mckinley , this area of law gets a little tricky .
a chill stole up her spine , and her body throbbed in areas she 'd never known a body could throb .
it definitely predates my area of expertise ... probably by several hundred years or more . ''
the gods had definitely been kind to him in that area .
` ` my only defense is that i was in the detag area where i ca n't see out into the world .
that was n't her area of expertise .
when quinn began to roam the young man 's mind , he felt his way past areas that were like doors he could open and see into - past and present .
an encounter he did n't want to repeat , but this area also gave access to the future and his report had to include a review of that as well .
` ` you 'll move to dismiss my petition , telling me that i must have a cause - an area of power , a specialization of sorts .
then she addressed all the goddesses : ` ` you believe that this area of power must be a critical one .
some areas held my attention a lot longer .
` ` rolland just wanted to make sure everything was fine , '' the luxen said , his cool , crystallized gaze straying to areas i was so not happy about .
we were skin to skin in some areas , tangled together , and each breath we took , the other seemed to inhale .
for as big as msu is , with 47,000 students in attendance , many of my program classes are relegated to the same area .
when i chose art history and visual culture as my area of study , i knew it was purely a stepping - stone .
sofie had alluded to lilly 's stealthy connections in the past but it still baffled me how the little vampiress - a thirteen - year - old child to anyone who did n't know better - and her group had ways to get into the most highly classified areas in the world .
my comfort level had just shot out of the uneasy area and into the blood - pressure - medication zone .
the areas in which people must be educated are : sociology so that the individual understands how society at large functions .
so that the individual 's study in other areas is supplemented .
` ` well , that 's not the only area with you that has to change .
this was the one area in her life where she was normal .
having never been satisfied in this area of his life , he had no idea what he needed .
even now , i could hear her excitement for my interest in her area of expertise , her crisp voice louder than usual and with a lilt i had n't heard in a long time .
` ` what area are they concentrating on ? ''
cold of him , perhaps , but for a man with his sense of possession , he had always purposefully maintained distance in that area of his life .
they excel in different areas , one picking up the other 's slack . ''
` ` but i ... i thought i was in charge in this area , so should n't i- '' ` ` we 'll take turns .
description is one of the many areas i shine in , since i shine in everything . ''
to soften the bite of his tone , he added , ` ` definitely your area of expertise . ''
` ` i may be a fuck up in other areas , baby , but i 'll never let you fall .
he may be a good man and an amazing soldier , but he 's clueless in just about every other area of his life . ''
the conversation shifted away from how things were at her son 's bar , to areas i was less comfortable talking about .
it seems that the absence of chaam has not impeded the maaskab 's advancement in the area of manipulating dark energy .
hmmm ... she did n't see any odd - looking colors or residuals that might indicate foul play , but this was n't her area of expertise .
or it could have been the way his pi sig brothers acted as though she were the goddamn prodigal son whenever they saw her , showing how perfectly she fit into that area of his life .
it had simply morphed into all areas of my life .
as satisfied as i was in other areas of my life , not everything was syncing up the way i wanted it to .
this was one area of my life i would n't allow him to control .
` ` yes , they have other uses , but my main area of focus is vampire medicine . ''
music - any area of creativity and self - expression should belong to everyone - vampires , humans , lilithians - whoever .
` ` it 's just not his area of expertise . ''
i think about how i have different secrets hidden from different people in different areas of my life .
although his answer did not help , i got the feeling this was not an area that was ventured into much .
` ` areas he 's weak in .
` ` you 'll be working the dc area for now .
mccoy wouldn '' t appreciate ty '' s finely tuned musculature or his ass either , but zane was more than happy to pick up the slack in that area .
but morgan is sweet , humble , and well - versed in all the areas in which rutger is severely lacking .
~s he 's not too concerned about helping us in that area .
i take him straight into my parent 's closet , turn on the light and orient him to the exact area .
adrian walked up to the front of the room and instantly switched into business mode - launching into a factor within the kingston corp real estate department that needed fixing due to low publicity and demands in that area , and the suggested ways to improve it efficiently and at a rapid pace to get it moving again .
that way we 're increasing the attention in the struggling areas of the company and not losing as much money by spending on areas where it is n't needed . ''
that way we 're increasing the attention in the struggling areas of the company and not losing as much money by spending on areas where it is n't needed . ''
` ` what areas does he need help in ? ''
` ` what areas does seth need the most help in ? ''
you could n't have a more understanding girlfriend in this area , nate .
because taking me to spend time with your family kind of pushes whatever we have going on into a different area . ''
i thought that was your area . ''
i wonder if i can change her mind in that area .
my husband 's talent in that area was so good , he should teach classes .
he is said to be quite virile , very skilled in this area and many women not like me have noted he is extremely pleasing to look upon .
third , my husband was a renowned raider , known to be virile and ` ` skilled in that area '' but also it was clear he was very virile unless you were blind , deaf and lost all your senses of perception .
i lifted the cloth again , glared at him then moved my glare down to the area being discussed and just to make certain he got it , i gave a little nod in that direction .
` ` apparently , annie told him , because you told her and mikey , that i had a particular talent in that area . ''
i put on tons of silver bangles and charm bracelets on my right wrist and hoops at my ears but did n't add rings and necklaces ( in the latter area , i was going to let my cle**age do the work ) .
that area of her mind most likely was strewn with cobwebs .
her innocence was astounding , in certain areas she seemed so mature , but when it came to guys ?
` ` in some areas , yes , though in my experience , too much control could be a bad thing . ''
we ' ve made strides for those with bipolar disorders , and we ' ve failed in other areas ... '' fascinated , i could n't help but ask , ` ` what areas ? ''
we ' ve made strides for those with bipolar disorders , and we ' ve failed in other areas ... '' fascinated , i could n't help but ask , ` ` what areas ? ''
and now , having the pressure put all on me to get an education , to graduate , to be perfect in every single area .
instead mom and dad lined up a series of tutors - their assistants and grad students from other areas of the university - and made me and josie work harder than anyone else .
i can come back up and do this area later .
it was not that she did n't understand the need to avoid settling in one area for too long .
let us hope for your sake that it is not an affliction that taints your performance in other areas , '' evor sneered , pausing to allow the roar of coarse laughter to fade .
no doubt to compensate for what he lacked in other areas . ''
` ` well , it 's just that i get to work with someone who 's clearly so gifted in ... many areas , really . ''
griffin does n't need any help in that area , but still , the effect is stunning .
i think she 's more than capable of putting you through the training required in that area . ''
` ` if derek never disappointed you in this area , i do n't ever want to either . ''
and as it moved , so did the close - exam thing , the introspection shifting from just matthias to other areas of her life , like her career , and what it had been like to live in this house , and how the last few years since her father 's death had gone .
` ` not that in your case , i would n't be willing to cut you some slack ... in some areas . ''
i 'd be more than happy to try to see you through things , but this is not my area of expertise .
there were columns for each research area of project infinity and student teams listed below .
did you know that there are areas where the veil between our world and the world of the ancients is weak enough to speak to your ancestors ?
there was still too much i had to take care of in the other areas of my life .
removing his medallion had been a symbolic gesture meant to signify that she was also removing him from the areas of her life where he did n't belong .
vivian wanted to ask , but such personal questions fell into what she 'd designated a restricted area .
or ... maybe you should take some online classes while you work here to gain skills in other areas .
she seemed to have changed in all the important areas .
how long would baxter , or anyone else , be able to last if he was unfulfilled in the most important areas of his life ?
` ` i may not be good at too many things , but i do have talent in certain areas . ''
` ` what you lack in bedroom talk , you make up for in other areas , '' he said as he pushed inside her .
` ` i ' m not sure i ' m willing to listen to your advice in this area , dad . ''
` ` you do need some help in those areas . ''
` ` i ' m willing to compromise in that area , '' he said .
but now allie had to wonder if her mother was n't channeling all her energy into her grandchild to make up for losses and disappointments in other areas of her life .
she struggled in that area more than any other .
for the record , you do n't have to worry about me in that area , either .
i ' ve had plenty of practice in that area . ''
she knew he 'd been disappointed in certain areas of their marriage and she accepted responsibility for it .
` ` i ' m single , so i ' m not a specialist in this area , but from the size of that diamond , i ' m guessing it 's not a bad offer . ''
but nothing had been resolved in that area , so he said , ` ` first things first , '' and simply hoped rebecca would come through .
sheer determination could n't make up for josh 's advantage in size and strength forever , so rebecca had been forced to find other areas in which to assert herself .
she 'd seen suggestions that they were significantly different in such areas , but that did n't necessarily mean these differences would ever develop into serious marital problems ... a compatibility quiz followed the article but , after last night , rebecca was almost afraid to take it .
rebecca had never met such a clean freak in her life , and she 'd always thought she and her own mother were pretty scrupulous in that area .
with beautiful coppery skin and teeth that were white and straight , he 'd improved physically in every area except one - the wariness that used to lurk in his eyes had been replaced with contempt .
she did n't have any training in that area , but she 'd thought seeing one crime scene in relation to another might tell her something .
i ' ve learned that if i never leave those areas of my life that feel comfortable , i 'll never have a chance at a greater happiness .
he 's added subtle brushstrokes to draw attention towards areas of the story that i know will have greater meaning later on .
now , it helped me to occupy my thoughts when my mind drifted to dark areas .
last i knew , that was his intended area of concentration once he finished med school .
i still did n't have enough confidence to be secure in any of the other areas of my life .
but she would n't remain in one area ; instead , her influence crept into every aspect of my life .
i want her stamp on every part of my life - no area is too unimportant or miniscule .
the biggest area of interest , however , is the small kitchen , situated just off the lab . ''
i was new to this , but was n't decoding supposed to be my area of expertise ?
most werewolves were allergic to silver , but as in many areas of life , devon was an exception .
luckily , this situation seemed to fall under devon 's area of expertise , and he obligingly picked up the mantle .
the particular area i was in was just for women .
i gave her a nod and watched as she focused in on one area .
he had plenty of experience in that area .
he 'd improved in almost every area .
i ' ve worked this area a long time .
` ` are we in the right area ?
the society does a lot of work in that area , trying to determine which meds are effective and which are dangerous .
it was his area of expertise . ''
it is true that he was consumed by his research and followed his passion into unauthorized areas .
chasing down hunters is not your area of expertise . ''
` ` i 'll admit i ' m stronger in the food - and - beverage area than i am on the innkeeping side . ''
no more questions in that area .
he was decent enough to point out the areas in which i was deficient .
the cutting - edge work done here at the institute in the areas of social and public policy has had a profound impact , not only on how the pundits discuss the issues , but , more importantly , on how politicians and voters think about the challenges that face our nation today .
it implies an outdated value system that demeans and insults two rational , intelligent adults who choose to make their own decisions in an extremely private area of life . ''
` ` my dad wanted me to get a taste for the different areas of pi work , so when i was sixteen , i interned with a repo agent .
we can talk about any problem areas in the morning . ''
` ` what area of history did you study ? ''
` ` his former area of expertise is the renaissance , '' verity told her father quietly as she watched jonas .
` ` i dabbled in paint and ceramics and a few other areas during my teen years , '' caitlin said , focusing on the heaving water around her .
` ` as you can see from what 's on my wall , my chief area of interest is swords , but i also have some duelers at home and i ' m familiar with them . ''
` ` that 's her area of expertise . ''
all she 'd accomplished tonight was to make herself seem like some kind of empty - headed , romantic fool there was one other area in which judd could be provoked into dramatic action , she knew , but ever since that devastating kiss , honor had steered scrupulously clear of any attempt to elicit a sensual reaction from him .
now i know i have specified some rather expensive items , but i ' ve already explained that this is one area in which the avylyns must not stint .
i hate to say this , but in some areas your education has been lamentably weak . ''
` ` you need n't name the areas of concern , my lady . ''
sailing was another area in which the experimentally inclined westerners excelled .
i 'll do my best to correct any problem areas . ''
one of my areas of expertise is the fiction written about the first families and the early explorations . ''
unfortunately i ' m not an expert in any one area , except first family fiction , which is not exactly on the cutting edge of research .
he had n't done too well in that area recently .
i need advice in one of your areas of expertise . ''
he had many areas of expertise , some of which had made him rich .
` ` i do n't know how i did it , but i think that , just for a second , i tapped into the nexus energy in this area .
i seem to be sorely lacking in that area lately . ''
sabrina seemed to have found a sensitive area even where she was concerned .
` ` i specialize in the areas of family therapy , anger and stress management , adolescent adjustment , and loss and grief counseling .
this is his area of expertise . ''
well , this is my area of expertise .
there was n't a question of me slacking in that area .
he loosed a heavy sigh , wishing she were not quite so curious , that her questions did not touch upon areas he would rather not discuss , facets of being a vampire that he would rather she did n't know .
there was no doubt that they were well - suited in at least one area of their lives ; still , as much as he wanted her in his life , he could n't shake off his doubts .
as disappointing as other areas of my life were , i loved my oceanfront loft .
` ` but , i also realize that you are more interested in other areas of the law , and i happen to know of a position that might be a better fit . ''
i said this doubtfully , having limited experience in that area , but sam was nodding .
` ` but just to pick your own thoughts out of your head , that 's a murky area , '' i said .
pam had wide - ranging tastes in the area of sex .
you have become careless in certain areas of dress and personal hygiene . ` `
` ` how soon will you expand the search in that area ? ''
i could only hope that i 'd recover in that area , too .
` ` there were four choices in this area , and we interviewed all of them .
you 're making progress in other areas , and so we will keep focusing on that before approaching your nightmares . ''
we were fine in that area . ''
kermilla , being younger , just needed more guidance in some areas .
it 's centered in light , obviously , but it 's possible the power could branch out into other areas .
but the real question is , do you apply that passion to other areas of your life ? ''
or , the archive could be haunted , '' i suggested , trying to think of something a little more in his area of expertise .
` ` i have decided opinions in that area , '' ethan said crisply , approbation in his voice .
` ` this is n't exactly your area of expertise . ''
that 's certainly a possibility , but it 's not my area of expertise .
` ` i actually hired some help in that area , '' i said .
` ` any leads in the sorcery area ? ''
because you 're the expert in this area .
apparently the corrections departments across the u.s . have developed some pretty good skills in that area . ''
` ` that 's not really a problematic area . ''
no areas of inquiry are off - limits .
he paid more attention to some areas than others , but i was n't about to complain .
this was totally out of my area of expertise .
he felt the vibration of a clothing - fold , but her powers in this area were still clearly lacking .
` ` yes , master , without a trace , without a single trail of light to follow , and you know i have power in that area . ''
the moment the thought struck , the headache bloomed , only this time she dove deep within her mind , closing her eyes and focusing on the area in her brain that seemed to be causing her so much trouble .
batya 's own abilities in that area , much to her dismay , left a lot to be desired .
` ` you have my attention , since that is not your area of expertise . ''
` ` well , that 's my area of expertise .
while he woke up alert , in all areas , he sure did n't have the best of manners .
` ` it happens when your favorite aunt is qualified in three areas of psychology . ''
` ` the rescue group in d.c . that works with pairing shelter pets with vets identified this area for expanding the concept .
hopefully , the more she complied , the less he would delve into other areas of their lives .
` ` all the areas of gray you lawyers deal with - i hated it .
operatives frequently had another area of expertise that offered excuses to be in places a known government employee could never enter .
` ` it takes over areas of your life where it does n't belong .
how could she give advice when those areas of her own life were so complicated and unsettled ?
nikki needed to see improvement in something , even if it was n't in any particular area of her life .
sex was another area in which she never quite managed to satisfy her husband .
` ` because in this area of law you know best ? ''
she 'd stroked his ego in his area of expertise while asserting authority in her own .
` ` in the end , i did n't do such a hot job in that area , either . ''
i want to do some research on the area and make sure there 's a need for what i ' m offering before i invest . ''
so just as he needed her professional expertise , she needed his , in areas both sensual and sexual .
ben needed to do some more digging into other areas of grace 's life to find out why she was hanging around questionable parts of town , camera in hand .
with kayla it was complicated , involved and made him inefficient in his job , the one area of life he 'd always been able to count on before .
alexa experienced that same kind of self - assuredness in medical settings , but she normally fell short in other areas of her life .
she started off stating the amount of study she 'd done in the area of the paranormal and followed by discussing how it related to her books .
so she 'd tell him about the areas of her life she was proud of , the parts she enjoyed , those she wanted him to know because he 'd get an insight into who amber rose ... amber corwin ... really was .
but it was the other areas of their marriage that needed strengthening .
` ` your father 's had a lot to deal with today in the one area of his life he does n't cope with well . ''
thanks to the delays , the plumbing installation was behind schedule , but they 'd made up good time in other areas .
in many areas of his life .
coupled with some of the e - mails that we ' ve intercepted between sorcerer and other people he contacted online over the past year , we were able to narrow our search to a pretty specific area .
she 'd never struck him as the dramatic sort , but then his perception in this area was obviously faulty .
gentlemen were notoriously sensitive in this area , and many were not at their most reasonable in the early m > much better than last night .
his main area of interest had been research ; unfortunately with the freezing i had become his prime target .
` ` nevertheless , it follows that our children are going to be very adept and strong in that area .
` ` excuse me , guys , but this happens to be my area of expertise .
apparently jack and ken norton had , prior to undergoing physical and psychic enhancement , tremendous talent already in both areas .
not only did both men test strong in that area , they were enhanced even further .
she had no compunction whatsoever about proving him an amateur in the area of crime .
she was in the risky area now , the jeep slipping around turns as she let up just a hair on the gas going into the curve and punching hard , sliding nearly sideways through the turns .
i ' m smart in every area until it comes to my emotions .
i 'd already had so much special training in so many areas , flame , it just felt like one more .
this is his area of expertise , not mine . ''
` ` sir , i believe you are trespassing into areas we never discussed in our negotiations . ''
` ` nothing eminent , but lairds are gathering to discuss several areas of concern .
a lump forms , sticking halfway in my throat , in a limbo area , where it can neither be swallowed or cleared .
her strengths lay in other areas .
there were lots of other areas in which she excelled .
as you know , he has personal experience in this area , so he knows what your clients are going through .
i like knowing the law and of course i like the money ... but i guess i ' m not that thrilled with the area of law i practice in . ''
trying to act cool is taking every bit of talent i have in that area .
the law firm 's resources were pretty strong in the area of conducting background checks , but nothing had brought up a picture of the guy .
` ` because , i do n't know that area of the law .
i mean , so much talent in so many areas . ''
not exactly her area of expertise , no .
` ` this - we need someone with a little more expertise in this area , okay ? ''
you said you were out of your ' element'-well , trust me , for cara - this is definitely her area of expertise . ''
finally , an area that was her specialty .
crime - scene analysis sure was n't his area of expertise , but killing- well , he 'd learned plenty about that during his time as a navy seal and as an eod agent .
the kitchen was n't exactly his area of expertise , so dylan entered the room cautiously .
they 'd thought the leak had been controlled but ... maybe syd was n't looking in all the right areas .
good thing the eod agents specialized in that area .
heading in and out of the dangerous spots that most would never dream of entering and saving those who could n't be saved was their area of expertise .
but her strength lay in another area .
` ` i need you both to think of areas like that .
michael o'rourke was certainly skilled in that area .
jaime 's nature complemented his in that she was strong in areas where he might be flawed , and vice versa .
the members are simply stronger in some areas than they are in others . ''
i expect all of us can agree that we could use a refresher course in some areas , so even our elder fae are expected to comply . ''
obviously i was going to need some work in this area .
zen had done all the hunting ; perdil had no skills or experience in that area .
he can run errands and carry messages for you - he has experience in this area , along with toting sums .
` ` it will be rigorous and it will test your skills in a lot of areas .
why are you interested in this area ? ''
` ` they will flirt with you heavily and some may touch you in areas they have no business touching .
he certainly had n't been my prince charming in the lovemaking area .
` ` baby , i do n't think the whole plane needs to hear that you 're lacking in the orgasm area .
` ` oh , i help out in areas of expertise .
raven spent the day with lucia , examining some of the lesser pieces of his lordship 's art collection , making notes on areas that would require restoration .
tricia loves to gamble , maybe because it 's the one area in her life where she actually has decent luck .
this was my first assignment for san diego , and i also had the added pressure of being known as an accomplished agent in this specific area .
i ' m not sure what area i 'll specifically get into .
` ` he 's an expert in another area .
thinking of justin turned her mind toward other areas .
and that , of course , is an area in which i excel .
and we all know that 's a dangerous area with you and your history . ''
had she been in the ` ` persuasion '' area that long ?
after my return , i had resolutely refused to look at any material dealing with scotland 's past , even though the eighteenth century had been one of frank 's areas of specialty .
my breath comes out faster , and my hold on him tightens and right when the world is going to fracture into a million pieces , noah covers my body with his , and i sense noah in areas that he 's never been before .
she 's green , is sloppy in some areas , but her work has soul . ''
west continues to tread on areas of my life where i ' ve never allowed anyone .
i thought if you had to fight in some area in your life , it would prove to you how strong you really are or at least teach you how to rely on us .
and , so far , the only area i can see that might ' ve been a mistake was in giving him my love .
this is the one area i ' m a little shaky on .
he 's just a little weaker in some areas than the majority of the population , but at least he 's smart enough to realize it and try to get some help .
firmly back in work mode , i ' m making mental lists and dividing up areas to inventory together when i hear a throat clear behind me .
church clothes were the one area in which dad never fussed about me splurging and looking like a girl .
` ` no , but giving up on every other area of your life so you can move back to podunk does . ''
willingness might be the only area there 's a discrepancy .
i ' ve been here only a handful of times , and even then , i was never concentrating on criminal law , so my expertise in this area is virtually nil .
his sneer was n't for me , but i knew i 'd hit a sensitive area .
she appreciated that her area of interest was coming in handy and that she was able to contribute to the conversation thanks to her rigorous class schedule .
it 's just not my area of interest , '' she told him diplomatically .
nancy had a knack for utilizing people 's strengths , and liz had been knee - deep in the political reporting area at the paper .
but i have a feeling i ' m going to make an exception for you in a lot of areas . ''
i want peace and happiness for jake in all areas of his life , including you .
and this was a guy who was n't easily phased in any other area of his life .
mckenna 's frustrated whimper told me i was n't focusing on the areas she needed me .
` ` he and my mom are a lot alike in that area . ''
in my personal opinion they were much more advanced in certain areas than the archaeologist claim .
shoes in the closets were lined up the way she liked , though this was one area she really did nt like the strangers looking into .
realism was high priority in this one area .
it was basically the same accounting that druzeel had given , minus a few dozen details , including the part of them looting the bodies , the only real area of the story that xavdak wanted to know more of .
that left one area completely left open , and one area in which druzeel just happened to be an expert .
that left one area completely left open , and one area in which druzeel just happened to be an expert .
now i was getting my bachelors degree in computer engineering , so while physics was nt my area of expertise , i felt pretty safe that the professor could nt turn this one around on me .
within forty eight mars hours , she had put three different committees together involving three different areas of expertise .
` ` that is another area we 're looking into . ''
we had one of your earthling confront one of my spokespersons in that area you call florida .
i can help in that area , galvin said .
it was only a matter of time before his skills in this area were duly noticed and rewarded .
is composed of close to 1500 of the most elite names in the areas of government , labor , business , finance , communications , the foundations , and the academy .
alpha team has been extremely active in a number of areas and , on certain occasions , has traveled outside of the continental united states .
but maybe they are more advanced in this area than us .
that s not my area of expertise .
it is really quite an interesting area of research .
neg the hand replied , i am not programed in that area .
but jon needed no help in that area , gripper , opener he ordered .
jon shook his head , my replacement limb is not programed in that area .
my skills are required as navigator and gunner ; you have proven inadequate in those areas , kt said then looked at the stars , took a heading and pointed , we will continue that way , and saying nothing more she climbed back into her gunners seat .
it would take several days , but i am confident that the main problem is that we are looking in the wrong areas .
trying to find any flaws in matts plan or any areas he could improve .
there s still a lot of gaps but it covers many areas the official charts do nt .
as she said it filled in many gaps , as well as adding additional information in other areas .
he got the impression that these were new ideas for the ship , areas it had nt ever considered before .
when it finished he was aware of a difference to the connection , a whole area of information was available that had nt been there before .
he asked , referring not only to the master ladder but also to the smaller ladders connecting the many smaller layers and the general placement of ladders in most areas of his vision .
this was nt her area of expertise anyway .
she was bound to be dominant in some areas , for she had the stars in her blood , but she was determined in their love - making at least to let him take the lead .
maintenance was not a top priority in these areas .
noah dived into his plan , i can call my family in every area of international politics .
though not my area of expertise , through periodic briefings i am told adjustments to the production process will be made as necessary .
not completely , sir , but sufficiently enough taking into consideration the suspension chambers which will minimize food requirements and hopefully further progress in the area of hydroponic food generation .
i take no pleasure in his death , but i must say if it was nt for your uncles passing , i never would have thought to consider this area .
nothing like this had ever been done , except the odd stimulant or so but narcotics had always been a no - go area .
` ` that 's not really my strong area .
agent jamison had stopped by unannounced from time to time to encourage him and to quietly bring the professor up - to - date on developments in other areas of endeavors .
many scandals had rocked the selection committee over the years as various individuals and organizations had sought to influence the needs for each area of need .
he was an outstanding engineer but he was rejected because younger , more - qualified engineers that were more current in his area of technology were needed .
i know you want this venture to succeed and your engineering knowledge will help select the best areas to record .
marissa starts to relax as she describes the technical operation of the laser , an area where she is familiar and confident of her expertise .
good idea , you search this area , and i will search the database .
coupled with the cpu and your own brain function , you will be able to smell your way through a number of problem areas .
its only in areas where they need to condition the laminar layer on the surface .
we are dealing in a classified area , so be careful with your questions .
it 's not my area of expertise .
you can start in one area and quickly end up in another .
kyle and marcie are solidly in the game , and everything went perfectly in that area .
owen soon realized that he excelled at music and decided to focus on this area of the game .
they discussed the past , the present , and thoughts about the near future in many areas of interest .
i ve met some very awkward people who could benefit from training in this area .
i know most of us are so focused on our own particular areas of speciality that we do nt always get to see the big picture .
the out of africa theory has been a hotly debated area of paleoanthropology for maintaining the concept that mankind first evolved in africa before migrating out into the rest of the world .
that s the one area where you fall a little short .
since this is one area where dad wo nt humor her , i ve learned to run interference , taking over the cooking that he and mom are too busy for anyway .
i believe there is some connection , but this is not my area of expertise .
he 'd brought out legal ethics and then covered the highly technical area of pension law .
` ` lady luck appears to have been on our side with this area , '' he told jimmy with a smile .
` ` there are two more areas that you will be training in .
` ` the final area that you are going to be trained in is , as jimmy called it , tactical combat .
of course i have , though i had some more important things to tend to before i could carry a chat with you four , the oracle gave a dramatic sigh , after some very tedious defragmentation i managed to access a few of my corrupted areas .
sifting through them all , ensore could perceive one significant area of concern , implementation .
the warlord encouraged bethel to learn in all areas and as time went on , he pushed the boy into learning martial arts and into occasional episodes of training with the sons of warriors other than manas .
he was then commanded to give as full an outline of social structure as he could though he was very hazy on some areas , explaining he d only been a child when he was taken away .
jaim thought the change eminently sensible in an area well known to the gnosti .
` ` your job will be to help believers in your area of the world to know what is right and what is wrong .
rachel throws me a furious look and protests , yes , the first part was , but the second area is inhumane !
however , she , on the surface at least , was different , not just because she was married to parren and had a fabulously wealthy father , but because she had personally invested her own time and money into some of these areas .
he has a number of weak areas we can take advantage of .
thomas had less to tell us in that area , but it was still a wealth of information .
that is where denged and his maenids function most , in areas that are immaterial to our needs.^ ^why core and foundation ? ^ asked raent .
do nt expect further help from me on this area .
he s undefeated in that area but it wears him down too easily .
if that were true , the asheran confederacy clearly had a leg up in some areas of weapons design .
some of these induce development in certain areas ... areas like strength , speed , and such .
the historian was leading josiah by the hand through areas that he had never known were a part of everything .
you expect people who know more than you do about their areas to help the rest of us and you do the same .
we must get to those right away and focus on those areas , it seems .
we have difficulties in this area , most recently last fall , and he is checking my motivation .
furthermore , i m pleased to say , separate exchanges exist since 2015 for each of these important areas : the social sciences , the excellent skills program training , communication and technological innovations , the arts , and cultural collaborations .
so , preserving what already seems to exist , protecting from harm : these are also the areas of responsibility of some of your highest - level professions , like doctors , lawyers , officials who serve the planet and its inhabitants .
i vastly prefer to use fish , mostly for its almost - irony , since cetaceans are vastly superior to humans in so many areas : empathy , speed and attainment of esp training levels , and overall intelligence , when one includes musicality and compassion as types of intelligence ; also , because humans erroneously group cetaceans with fish species for many centuries .
he is widening his research areas .
most areas like explosives make sense because of his destruction , but he took information on personal powers supplies , eve said .
the lights in the office producing many little highlights on its frame all of the other areas he has been looking at before .
this shows us he has been active in this area recently .
atamo knows the ways of the evil queen , he choose us especially , just for our skills in that area .
that sort of effort was no longer given to this area of kenos .
technology companies , were nt even allowed to research that area .
for all we know , we may be ahead of them in some areas and behind in others .
officers will be encouraged to be aggressive in their thinking , and those who are nt able to develop the killer instinct , for lack of a better phrase , will be assigned to less critical areas such as logistics and support operations .
my job required the most detailed of evaluations in all areas of life .
the biggest and most popular agency in the world seemed to be probe , as by the sound of it it was the only place where humans could emerge as incredibly intelligent , super - soldiers and maintain a doctorate , as it was called , in another secondary area .
even jason , himself no slouch , remained a distant second in all areas of physical fitness .
vikram knew that going into an unconnected area might raise red flags , and ziang jing did not want to meet at the company and potentially risk vikrams family .
finally , he was faced with about a dozen varying alerts from applications , which all noted either decreased functionality or a complete lack of functionality in the area that he was about to enter .
he turned off his universe while i was following you , said matthew , who had seen vikrams location suddenly jump to another area entirely .
because of their extended lives , they had combined their understandings of the various essential areas of scientific study .
teachers did not have specific subject areas but elected to do lessons on particular topics throughout the year .
wing , we appreciate your efficiency in this area .
although she still had the grime on her face and was a bit hairy in areas that 21st century women tended to keep trimmed or shaved , she was actually quite a beautiful woman .
we think their internal dataweb now links all departments in an area and that should give them the ability to share information quite efficiently .
maeve seemed not to have any trouble in that area right then .
that was dmitrys area of expertise , and he was more than happy to let his friend run that end of things .
i think you ll find that i m very capable in a variety of areas if you decide to accept my business proposition .
it made senseher organization did nt have much penetration out this way , so it was a definite area that would be appealing for independent operators .
they do not need to be taught language or areas of expertise .
after a baby is born , as soon as is practical , they are moved to baby - raising farms called crches and raised by vuduri who are skilled in that area .
this is nt my area of expertise .
while informative , they were still out - of - date in areas , something beth planned to rectify now .
` ` despite mr klent 's laudable efforts to stretch the supplies we already have , i ' m afraid there are some areas which have been ignored for far too long . ''
we help each other blend in , you could use a little more training in that area but do nt worry you are pretty good at it so far , she said .
henty decided to return to the money after satisfying some other areas of curiosity .
more and more areas of life were loosened just a bit .
i think that being a time setter may suit you , and you definitely have more experience in this area , but you can get any other job .
he 'd seen news footage from other regions , in which males and females worked side by side , but he was under the impression that those areas had not caught up to his .
she remained weak in all the areas that mattered .
he had recently been arrogantly interfering with the mission , in areas where the na'ra were the experts .
bates excelled in the area of experimental methodologies .
gradually , they found that they could address larger and larger areas , until at last they were applying their new - found skill to the entire narbando t. bates entity .
the three cadets were all assigned to the area of engineering on board the dvd and were not used to washing dishes or pots as replicators usually did this for them .
there are areas of my life where you can not intrude .
however , alessias career path soon veered into another area .
for whatever the reason , alessia had taken an interest in biology and bio - chemistry , the area of knowledge that had forever altered her own life , and in time , she earned herself a position on the research team of scientists as a bio - specialist at the martial scientific force 's lab center .
is nt it marvelous , though , how the merging of our thoughts has made us all instant experts in nearly every area of study imaginable ?
fortunately , i discovered some latent interest in that area of study or else i never could have carried myself through that kind of rigorous training .
but in other areas , kayrian parents took an almost dominating interest in their children 's upbringing , as far as seynorynaelians were concerned .
she informed him ; this was her area of expertise .
donal nodded in agreement , accepting his masters knowledge in this area .
her irritation at the rather private area of herself displayed bothered her .
she had a sense of humor , after all , and it was vaguely funny that the first glimpse the inhabitants had of her did fall into their range of usual attention areas for themselves .
misakis new girlfriends described how they performed this duty on their current boyfriends , and offered her encouragement without realizing that she already had some experience in that area .
the professor did not like to spend over a year in any particular area .
stealth was pointing out what he 'd seen as weaknesses , as well as the few areas of strategic strength newton offered .
with so few ready to embrace the ancient ways , most clergymen came to the brotherhood engaged in other areas of research .
his history in that area is sordid , to say the least .
i hate to be prophetic about this , because that 's her area , but i think that our time to part from adam 's people has come .
that was where mary and i differed , and it was that area of difference that was so profound .
or simply gushed on in the general area her brain found itself in .
each woman had a sector and an area of expertise and they were expected to take care of each without intervention .
they provide material and spiritual assistance , intervening in the areas neglected by the other institutions .
marco santini frank d. smith frank operates a sole proprietor technology consulting firm , underbrain industries inc . , specializing in computer graphics , web design and administration , and personal training in various areas of the tech arts .
as a member of the advisory board of lifeboat foundation , he adds his efforts to the goal of improving humanitys chances of success in these areas .
your services are no longer needed in that area , edwin said .
i mean , exactly what is the overall subject involved , what academic area are you working in , which university are you attending , what is the big mystery in all of this , and why for that matter are you a student anywayat your age and owning what seems to be a reasonably well - established group of companies ? ''
in the meantime , we first of all have to create that kind of profitability , and this is just another of those areas in which , in my view , we can do some work to achieve that . ''
` ` yes , fred , '' i replied , ` ` there are still a couple of areas where i believe i can contribute , but due to the postponement of friday 's h.q .
we 're going to stop these separations of authority from responsibility in this area as well .
that should be sufficient for me to complete an overview on which to direct my research in this area . ''
and i said that , as nobody presentas far as i was awarewas a scientist , i intended to provide them with only a few non - technical words on the area to which their biologists should direct their attention , and for which they would hopefully decide to provide some fairly massive fundingeasily financeable for example by reducing their absurd and preposterous expenditures on the various ongoing arms races and the continuing drive for increasingly lethal destructive power . ''
i was only trying to be helpful , but in retrospect it was unnecessary for me to elaborate at length on which areas of the brain and which hormones need to be researched . ''
unfortunately these reductions would have to affect all areas of the business including cargo operations .
buthonesty to the fore as always , or fairly often at leastthe results of the past few days in both the naviera and the personal finance areas were down purely to lady luck .
nor is it normal , unless you are one of those priests with half of a brain which is searching in vain for the other half which handles the areas of sex and desire and lust .
in conjunction with tactics , vehicle , weapons , ordinance , and endurance training in the simulations , you will also relearn every weapon , re - read every tactical manual , retake every exam , and pass flawlessly all areas of evaluation .
his major specialty is organic chemistry with several other areas of knowledge including computers .
also , it you check my personnel file you 'll see that i excelled in several difficult areas that a man of my age should n't have been able to complete without extensive training and conditioning .
after about a week i figured out that he was the unofficial doctor in that area .
she was his female pseudonym on the beauty and fashion blog he managed , a very profitable area for people who , like himself , were willing to sell their opinions .
` ` not really my area of expertise .
the area of interest included most , but not all of the life support equipment and carts the infants were kept in .
its tenets reach out into every area of philosophical inquiry , of which aesthetics is only a single branch .
` ` there are three major areas of organized technology and opposition ; they are the north americans , europe with russia and china .
over all pretty much as expected , we have strong results in many areas but most will not have much of an impact . ''
` ` tsarin is correct as far as i can tell , i am not very familiar with the lightgivers military as many but they do look good in parades but the little of the tests i have seen they look unready in some key areas . ''
we can not easily access their market so we will work on other areas .
speaking of other areas we are also looking at some of the major developing nations as they are known .
all in all , pushkin was very happy with his unit performance , they exceeded expectations in many areas but the test was designed to make them fail and fail very badly .
he would be meeting with his staff again and again working out how they could fulfill the presidents new orders and still maintain the reforms that were close to being complete in many areas .
one is based on a narrow focus in targets and areas of impact and the other is much broader .
one area yoko was very good at was research and number crunching .
meeting each group of trainees in person col . trotsky directed them to each of the various areas , including the required medical scan by hellfist staff as well as a quick meal .
we are currently interested in three main areas , the first is natural foods from this planet , and since we all share a similar genetic background we can eat each others food fairly easily in most cases .
another area of interest is in natural materials , most planets share a similar make up , so we are focusing on what is less common among the stars ; we are interested in petroleum , natural gas and coal .
the third area is labor ; we have many colony worlds with low populations that need a lot of general work and terra forming .
of course gift commander , we have started that in few areas that were ahead of schedule .
the emergency powers in place would be expanded ; the federal government would acquire and usurp the rights of the states in many social and spending areas .
new - earth series council of order : a boguard small body of persons whose task it was to decide what areas the boguard should influence , and how , to bring about the goals of the aaron .
they ve gotten to know the pastor a bit , and i think that they ll thrive pretty well in that area of the community .
now i can tell you about how we had to clear the airfield of countless geeks , most still wearing their uniforms , and i can tell you about dons genius in the area of tactical planning .
he was getting into a strange area .
a lot of that will have to do with how hard we work on the lighting and music so it will be important we find good talent in those areas .
we regret to inform you that until further notice the following areas are off - limits : leaders viewed their top priorities as 1 ) protecting their citizens ; and 2 ) ensuring that their own power and authority were not threatened by these unforeseen and unwished - for agents .
after five years of schooling children were expected to choose a general area of work- military , research , medicine , resources , farming , administration or civilian .
i did nt like sanctuary either , even though my knowledge was only of a few areas , but i wanted to know what victor would say .
shiv team - special forces unit unique to the arcane corps , usually trained in a specific area such as recon , rescue , or dragon hunting .
` ` the area of dedicated activity that is beyond our control is radiating from the location of our other division . ''
look , here is another tweet in the same area . ''
focus on your area of specialty and if i give the signal to evacuate , we 'll exit the colony as quickly as possible by retracing our steps . ''
` ` while i ve seen my fair share of star trek episodes , i m afraid i m not very knowledgeable about time travel , but i do know a thing or two about being in need of a place to stay , and i feel i would be a poor excuse for a human being if i did not at least offer you my hospitality in that area .
dr . simons is head of the department on temporal physics but a lot of the work is being done by dr . quickly , who came out with a published theory on the subject a few years ago , and has been considered a leader in the area .
there are some areas that i wo nt be able to show you due to safety concerns , but i can show you a few of our projects .
we both have similar backgrounds in that specific delicate sensitive area .
i on the other hand was more involved with the biology area of science , though most of my last year was spent singularly obsessed with the development and progression of disease .
i am honored , but the last time i requested one , i was given the impression that my area of expertise was filled with plenty of officers more senior than i .
he doubted there was as much interest in putting any research money into this area .
this was one of his pet areas of knowledge .
after we ran out of things to kill we would move onto other areas , work on hunting everything down .
then magen could recognise that he was too lax in both these areas .
it was as if he was trying to reassure himself that he could still perform in other areas of his life .
several criteria were taken into account such as the persons familiarity with the area in question and his or her background , but above all counted proven capability .
i could ask the just cucumber for advice on the next area of work i should try , about whether this person or that suits me as a maite or maitatu , or if i should stay todunasse .
the matter of travel was one of the few areas of disagreement between paul and francine .
it was my one area of acknowledged superiority .
` ` we are in the right area .
she was the only one who understood something of all the areas they might happen to need .
easing his peacemaker to the ready , hughes slowly turned to the area of noise .
he had no idea what area she worked in .
they were also gifted with multiple assets in the area of pisonic powers .
july 2014 statistics from the world health organisation ebola cases : 1,376 ebola deaths : 723 the new york times , jeffrey dunne , from the editorial once the providence only of impressionable teens and those with an over obsession with blood , we are seeing a rise in interest in the area of zombies .
i have absolutely no idea , but this is one of his areas of expertise , so we may as well relax while he works , replied saan .
however , i would say you accelerate in areas i can not .
while he understood the theory of how they worked and he was able to enact the phenomenon at will , he failed in the one area that really mattered .
in his initial contact , he had alluded to malaron 's craft , had said he had a lucrative proposition for him , one which would be both fruitful and satisfying , one which appealed to his particular talent , his particular area of expertise .
his area was science , and he worked in the labs .
the expert in the area of social emergence of language in mice was professor aditi c. sura , who had just mistaken arianne for a ventilation engineer .
he was motivated in this area by the fact that he would get his normal human ears back and also get massive rewards .
you know that s not my area of expertise .
` ` i thank you for that information , but there is one more area of nsa concern , '' said running bear .
perhaps these are areas we could pursue to our mutual benefit ? ''
` ` your duties are in two areas .
inevitably , he had abandoned his studies , except for one disputed area of the historical record : weaponization of the planets spheres .
brynna , after my thousands of years in this realm , i have learned many things , and one area of expertise in which i excel is the area of pleasure .
brynna , after my thousands of years in this realm , i have learned many things , and one area of expertise in which i excel is the area of pleasure .
james , despite his other faults , was a truly phenomenal father ; in that area , he needed no guidance , because he was a natural .
that night , when i was thinking of jamess plan , and all the areas where it could fail , when i was thinking of my earlier confrontation with the warden still , she was afraid to ask .
agata passed every test put to her with perfection and excelled in every area of reason , logic , and mathematics she was quizzed in .
although macqueen did not welcome indiscipline in the service , this case was a grey area .
lets say that we are the only people who emerge from this alive , at least in this area .
we do nt need anyone else in the area of the law , especially since those laws are sort of questionable now , if not obsolete .
we need more people in two different area , medicine and engineering .
` ` consider this a second briefing from a man who knows a lot less about your objective and a lot more about this area . ''
` ` you seem to know a lot about this area , doctor , '' i said .
his strongest information would concern areas of interest to them both , and that common ground centered on technology and business .
she could let her mind focus on areas where baldur had little interest .
you know that certified experts on a subject get additional votes in their area of expertise ?
why would nt she just let herself go in that area ?
try to go only where she 's been ; do n't tackle new areas . ''
but in the end , it was a political problem , not her area .
` ` well , you know , that 's really not our area .
we think we have a message that is of value to the world in those areas .
and yet we were able to come to a certain area of agreement , which was , you recall , that on the evening of theptar nineteenth , darkness would fall upon kalgash and would remain for many hours . ''
could it predict that several areas would remain undomed , or none - and be wrong ?
perhaps you do n't fully grasp how - ah - monastic we tend to be at stasis technologies , ltd . and how demanding your own area of responsibility in particular is likely to be . ''
we 're working in probabilistic areas here .
in fact he had no right even to an opinion in such areas , as he very well knew .
ah , now we venture into very different areas of thinking .
` ` but the corporation has maintained its expertise in the area of making androids , has it not ? ''
i ca n't blame them ; they had to balance the expense of this project against other expenses in areas that were far less problematical than miniaturization was .
` ` once again , that gets us into classified areas .
i did not intend to move the discussion into such irrelevant areas . ''
but , truth be told , there was no need to examine such esoteric areas as signal analysis to know there was something big going on .
i have found that i must rely far more on the second technique , as large and important areas of information have been deleted from the datastore . ''
i must admit my research is incomplete in this area .
but then we get into a problem area .
indeed , they both seemed so nervous that i would not be surprised if they both had forgotten about my capabilities in that area .
aircar operation was yet another area where his datastore was frustratingly silent .
and i have the right , the power , the authority , to attach myself to any area of this investigation .
he did not know if she was sincerely offering her cooperation , but he was determined that he was going to rope her in as thoroughly as possible - while doing what he could to keep her away from more sensitive areas of the investigation .
he had violated her order not to volunteer information , and had volunteered it in regard to the one area they cared about .
i ' m going to go back to my office and draft an announcement offering our complete cooperation , and access to all our expertise in this area .
there are some areas where dum very definitely takes the lead - such as computational speed .
so the credits still go - unproductively - to the armed forces and vital areas of the social good are allowed to deteriorate .
i do n't mean just among the unsophisticated followers of folklore , like the mycogenians and the dahlite heatsinkers , but there are biologists who insist that there must have been one world of origin for reasons that are well outside my area of expertise and there are the more mystical historians who tend to speculate about it .
in a particular and , in each case , different way , these four were indispensable to him - yugo amaryl , because of his quick understanding of the principles of psychohistory and of his imaginative probings into new areas .
it was the only area of dors 's life where hari truly felt he did not belong - nor welcome .
could it predict that several areas would remain undomed or none - and be wrong ?
but then when wanda happened to point to precisely the area i had been concerned about , i decided to check up on her - otherwise i would just have let it go as a childish statement . ''
- bene gesserit coda on her restless prowlings through central ( infrequent these days but more intense because of that ) , odrade looked for signs of slackness and especially for areas of responsibility that were running too smoothly .
in his own area , such as with cars , he knew more than she did ; she was the barbarian , the slob .
but that did not help him , since she did not choose to regard those areas as important .
and not even fay can underwrite the answer to that ; she is as dependent as i am , in that final area .
erts had animal experts in various areas whom they supported with nominal grants from a non - profit foundation called the earth resources wildlife fund .
i had no time to waste floundering around like a clueless newbie in an area of magic totally outside my practical experience .
bony tony had done most of a dime in a federal penitentiary for trafficking in narcotics , and after that he 'd moved into less politically incorrect areas of the business .
mental magic is a dark , dark , dark grey area of the art .
but i worked at my writing , branching out into other areas as experiments , including sf , mystery , and contemporary fantasy .
` ` even so , you ' ve got more contacts in this area than i do , '' i said .
the answer to the omc failure lay in the psychological area , bickel felt .
sometimes with these computer problems , she knew , you could move intuitively into the area of difficulty , save yourself hours of hunting .
bickel felt he knew only one area of probability to explain what had happened , but the area involved a theory that had always been treated as a kind of mathematical game .
bickel felt he knew only one area of probability to explain what had happened , but the area involved a theory that had always been treated as a kind of mathematical game .
this went beyond chemical - base sequence , she knew , and into the area where knowledge of protein structure itself was only theoretical code .
although these were areas vital to the future of the company - they were the main reason conley - white was acquiring digicomthey were essentially technical areas .
although these were areas vital to the future of the company - they were the main reason conley - white was acquiring digicomthey were essentially technical areas .
now he skimmed only the headlines : garvin sends johnson to texas for austin plant oversight johnson will head new operations review unit johnson named operations veep to work directly under garvin johnson : triumph in malaysia labor conflict now resolved meredith johnson our rising star a superb manager ; her skill in technical areas very strong this final headline ran above a lengthy profile of johnson , well placed on the second page of the magazine .
she was quoted as saying , ` ` i began my career working in technical areas , back with novell .
the object oriented programmer support association , or oops , was an association of programmers in the seattle area .
he wanted a reason not to say more , because he had the feeling that he had overstepped the rules , that there was still this area , this kind of knowledge , this awareness that everyone pretended did n't exist ... fernandez was staring at him curiously .
excellent grounding in critical areas we seek to acquire ... ' bla bla ... ` highly capable and aggressive executive staff at all levels .
this was n't really his area of the database , except in specific places of overlap .
he continued : ` ` ` in addition , a cost - savings review generated important fiscal benefits in a number of areas .
could you take on the bolinas area for a little while , do you think ?
his own growing uncertainty lay in a different area .
certain areas of memory must be avoided delicately .
i want to emphasize my authority in this area .
he 's remarkably shortsighted in some areas , but he can be extremely crafty when dealing with people - that 's part of what makes him a good merchant .
priests in the derethi faith were trained to record spiritual experiences , but hrathen had never been diligent in this particular area .
he seemed a well of knowledge at times , but in other areas he was completely ignorant - and totally unconcerned by that fact .
indeed , the subject area of ai copying is a research taboo .
` ` i 'll bet you one thousand paper dollars that when we net taverner we enter one of the most important areas we ' ve ever gotten involved with . ''
she was no great beauty , and the esteem and affection of others was the one area where she refused to exercise her surprising abilities to charm and persuade .
he felt badly exposed and even handicapped , for the prohibition against discussion of daneel 's nature had spread to other areas of thought , memory , even will .
this was another area where his questions were never answered .
` ` apparently this is an area that interests her or ...
to odrade , he said : ` ` this is one of my areas .
they called to say that ingen had two areas of possible illegal technology transfer .
` ` i ca n't give you details , but the general area involves cloning reptiles . ''
obviously the fitness of the animals to the environment was one area .
trust me , for i have a lot of experience in this area , most men can not do what he does to you for as long as he does it .
it 's difficult to be a widely read scholar in more than one area .
this is an area of science nobody has breached before .
though tradition has many convenient explanations for anomalies - such as reasoning that the temple to aphrodite was constructed here to suppress early christian worship - it has been shown that this church follows the shape of the pagan one in key areas .
how can you be so logical in so many areas , yet be so blind in this one ? ''
generally , a concern with schizophrenia was a symptom of the person 's own inner struggle in that area .
believe me , in certain areas i am quite shrewd politically . ''
` ` you know , '' he said , ` ` that 's an extremely interesting area of research , but we just do n't know enough yet to answer .
down with the fliegemer renaissance c i say specialize in one area until - ' he broke off , seeing that both the sweetscents had a grim , taciturn cast about them .
he had tried to ask jokingly , wanting c even then c to turn this pseudopsychiatric , ponderous discussion to more convivial areas ... areas clearly defined in his mind as he surveyed her pure , bare , pale green breasts flicking with their own luminosity .
he had tried to ask jokingly , wanting c even then c to turn this pseudopsychiatric , ponderous discussion to more convivial areas ... areas clearly defined in his mind as he surveyed her pure , bare , pale green breasts flicking with their own luminosity .
can you shed any light in that area ? ''
it 's not my area . ''
that was my area of expertise .
since vel looks like everyone and no one , it 's a logical leap , and doc excels in that area .
chancellor tarn , as you asked , i have prepared a dossier regarding the greatest areas of concern .
` ` there was no data regarding this area in the archives , but i note a number of large life signs ahead of us .
` ` there will be conglomerate grants for research in this area ... and i suspect i do n't need to tell you how much money would be involved for the team that patents the nbs vaccine .
this is an area in which i have some experience .
it looks fine to me , but this is n't my area of expertise .
things that slipped through the areas of interest of the other departments got dumped on si .
it opened onto the main area of executive priority .
` ` it is n't my area of knowledge , '' michael rumbled back .
` ` it is a delicate area of the art , '' she said .
while there were precocious children with other talents , such as writing , painting , and athletics , the only areas in which a child might truly perform at the level of an adult were in mathematics or music .
it 's right up your alley , norman , your particular area of expertise .
particularly in the environmental area . ''
and if you ca n't predict el nios , the predictive value of your model in other areas is suspect . ''
` ` not my area .
this is not a good system for research into those areas of science that affect policy .
` ` i ... this is one of the areas where i ' m obviously deficient , brightness .
one would think that your parents would have taken specific care in this area , if they 'd hoped to submit you to study under a historian like myself . ''
therefore , i selected an area of study that is both more recent and sensational , to ease you into true scholarship .
` ` well , i ' m not very well trained in that area myself .
if he was going to be with navani , he had to prove to himself he could remain firm in the other areas .
the one or two guys who proved especially tough nuts in that area ... '' his eyes met ted 's briefly .
this would have thrown judgment into the area of popular choice , and there 'd been no doubt that klodik 's early demise would ' ve been popular .
he saw it at once : those areas where she gained and held personal power .
shockingly , this had opened an area of awareness within him which he 'd not even suspected .
there 's an area of autonomy in radiation medicine that -- '' he shook his head slowly .
his skill was faint in this area .
but i did n't want to ask any questions that might move us into the more difficult areas of discussion .
the computers refused to function in this area , and attempts at manual counting varied so widely they were useless .
do n't let the confidence of that accomplishment spill over into other areas .
eddie had two particular areas of concern .
cave art and egyptian artifacts are my areas of specialization .
in one area , the new computer brain has total control .
particularly if you were working in a delicate area , as the nps was .
for instance , in 1967 he had examined the state of three areas - diagnostic conceptualization , surgical technology , and microelectronics - and concluded that they would all come together to allow an operation for psychomotor epilepsy in july of 1971 .
i believe that this is a research area that will prove enormously fruitful in the coming years .
mary beth had a positive passion for gadgets and technology , and never ever made a mistake in this area .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
i was thinking of an entire area of involvement , which could have considerable beneficial impact upon human lives . '
perhaps what i want is an apprenticeship , a series of meetings in which we discuss various areas of involvement .
they are getting into an area i do not want to discuss , he said to himself .
i will narrow down the area of our game ; i will arrange it especially for him . ''
he returned to stanford , where he worked in what he regarded as a more promising area : superconducting magnetism .
he had decided to do his doctoral dissertation on the technology of medieval mills - a fascinating , much - neglected area .
she loved pointing out the areas of ' grey ' magic , as she called them , and constantly questioning their legitimacy . ''
your people have some interesting wisdom in that area . ''
this area is where you really begin to understand how little we know .
` ` naturally , not that i 'd ... '' ` ` well , i ' m going to tell those newsies out there the ... '' ` ` mckie , that female has her tentacles into unsuspected areas of government , '' bildoon cautioned .
i dumped the vehicles in areas where they would most certainly be stolen , and left the garage finally as i had done the other one , open to whoever might wander in .
this was more what you might call his area of competence .
i began to notice small , easily missed references to the nose , or the cult of those wearing the nose , in literature , and naturally broadened my research to include that area also , as i have already mentioned .
` ` although the entire last year of my life has been spent in that area , so this must just be another section . ''
for example , individuals diagnosed with asperger syndrome simply have a lot of difficulties socializing and usually focus intensely on an area of interest - computers , comics , finance , you name it .
it 's why dorian was ... forgiven ... if you will , for his transgressions - he had steered you into an area of immari interest .
it 'll force historians to change their assumptions of this area .
to use your own words from earlier , this is my area of expertise .
and the bigger picture was his area of expertise , seeing the forest through the trees .
it looked egyptian , but it was not his area of expertise .
and if i ' m right , i 'd say they ' ve focused that expansion in a very narrow area . ''
` ` he concentrated the last three years of his life in that area .
` ` marco 's passion - or more like his obsession - had him scouring any and all areas where paganism and christianity overlapped . ''
` ` that 's not their usual area of expertise . ''
` ` this is a pretty thin crew , '' bobbie said now that the conversation had moved back to her area of expertise .
` ` as part of agreeing to be a knight , you 'll occasionally receive assignments specific to your area of expertise , '' dougan said .
it 's one of her many areas of interest . ''
` ` in many areas , i ' m stupid .
he seemed so smart in some areas .
unfortunately , this was one area where neither jasnah 's training nor tyn 's would help .
` ` this is n't my area of expertise , but i have several archaeologists among dalinar 's scribes .
i ' m a specialist , just in lots of areas . ''
our area of research is a hot one , and lots of biotech companies are involved in the race .
i tried to keep my eyes away from that area because i could n't afford to be distracted by what they were doing to the kid .
how i longed for access to the anthropologist 's mind now , even though in studying social insects i had gained some insight into the same areas of scientific endeavor .
except there is one passage that pertains to area x and to our relationship , too : seeing all of this , experiencing all of it , even when it 's bad , i wish you were here .
for example : spring semester primary texts cinsorium : teacher 's copy ; to be loaned , three days each student the journal of samuel tonsure by samuel tonsure red martigan : a life by sarah carsine the relationship between the native tribes of stockton and the gray caps by jonathan shriek : thesis paper ; copies to be distributed the refraction of light in a prison by the imprisoned truffidian monks zamilon for beginners by cadimon signal : in preparation for next semester areas of study samuel tonsure 's journal : the apparently impossible spatial perspective expressed in the sections on the underground .
casually , off - the - cuff , as if it fell outside my area of expertise , but should be pursued by someone , with great rewards for any enterprising scholar .
{ and he was n't joking about it , much as others thought he was referring to my area of study .
i know that it 's a point of pride among most young men to claim unlimited stamina in that particular area of human activity , but these are the young men who ' ve never encountered a dryad at that time of year .
evidently , polgara 's studies had taken her into an examination of witchcraft , an area i 'd neglected , and there were things passing back and forth between pol and the witch of the fens that were incomprehensible to me .
' which area are we talking about ? '
' you tend to want to experiment , and there are some areas where you should n't .
if elthek does have talent in that area , i ' m the only one on the isle who can counter it .
' you 're the expert in this area , pol , ' anrak said .
' our disagreements with them lie in the area of church government , not in the substance of our common beliefs .
there was indeed such a thing as ' delphaeic magic ' , and so far as sparhawk could tell , it went further and into areas where styrics were unable or unwilling to venture .
' i ' m not an expert in the area of poetry , ladies , ' krager shrugged .
' we ourselves are not without our failings in that area .
their summoning of evil spirits went far beyond the mumbo jumbo of the morindim or the karandese and began to delve into darker and more serious areas .
the maintenance of public order is the paramount responsibility of any government , and i would not dream of intruding my forces into so fundamental an area .
` ` how does your collection stack up in the area of the mysteries ? ''
i 'd be happy to accept any challenge in that area , however .
the years seem to have clouded dolmant 's strategic sense in a few areas .
' that 's one of those areas we are n't supposed to talk about , colonel . '
his aptitude for the secrets of styricum was the delight of his tutor in those arts , and the aged styric instructor guided his pupil into areas of magic far beyond those customarily taught the pandion knights .
sir sparhawk , however , took his duties seriously and educated the child who would one day be queen in those areas which would prepare her to rule .
' we seem to be dabbling in an area best left untapped . '
he greatly respects your opinion in certain areas . '
we do n't know for sure yet , so we 're covering both areas . ''
i have the utmost confidence in her in that particular area . ''
i could never make any decisions in that area without the fullest advice from you gentlemen . ''
the entire world stands in awe of your gifts in that particular area . ''
your gifts in the arts of sorcery are limited , and it 's a dangerous area for dabbling .
` ` she 's the mission sysop , '' jack pressed on , ` ` this is her exact area of expertise . ''
i ' m sorry , i ' m trying to get this right , but it 's really not my area .
a fail by pointing out its a much more complex area than they re making out .
others may be more capable than these two individuals in only one area , such as storage capacity for a conduit or burst capabilities for a source , but the most powerful individuals on both sides more than make up for these shortcomings by being masters of their remaining abilities .
i m expecting you to help in that area , commander .
he was looking forward to the summer , when he d have no studying and more time to be with this group , more time to read his bible and learn about this god , maybe catch up in areas where he felt so behind .
i have areas where i worry , too .
you did say you were looking for work and had experience in this area .
the girls were all young , thirteen and fourteen years old , and they had no knowledge of construction , which was good , because he had no experience in this area , either , and they knew too little to realize that .
in this area of his life , shawn still was nt sure where he was going .
you understand areas where you fall into sin .
but since you happen to be the one area he s clueless about ... blue nodded as elle placed the fortieth brick in blues outstretched arms .
i wanted to scream something vulgar and unrefined for including my father in the same subject area pertaining to him kissing me .
his area of expertise did nt require that large of an anvil .
do you see the area that s trying to come into focus ?
my knowledge about occurrences that may or may not have happened topside is severely limited as my area of expertise is focused on but one thing : nar .
are we in the right area ?
master rohath , knowing my area of study , contacted me nearly a decade after i had last seen him and said that one of his students had come to class wearing a set of narian gauntlets .
he may be a little unrefined so to speak , but he is a genius in this area .
we practise this during the lesson and sometimes we expand into other areas .
to make things better , the three of us work together on the same project but in different areas so that we can combine our talents .
we practise these talents in this lesson on the operating system in order to help us specialise in these areas so that we can use it to make the world a safer place .
there are two areas i am looking at in particular .
i put priority on it to move anything we can in and start going through data that was recovered in the last few hours from that area , but its not an area we ever look at .
for now you concentrate on the la area and what you have found so far and do nt worry about any other areas .
then i searched all these areas again and did nt find another flash drive .
maybe i can take a look in some other areas '' ` ` amaranth ! ''
she 'll have no success in that area .
not only has she reached the level of adept , but will also become the chief custodian of this chapter , being the first in this area to accomplish the tasks placed before her .
he needs some direction in that area .
i have been slack in that area since i got to southern .
your suspension from being allowed to learn our culture is lifted in the area of wind whispering alone .
thankfully they re categorized by subject area .
i know it is nt easy to believe , miss bryant , for someone in your position , with your lack of background in this area .
it 's taken some work to confirm numbers that far away from our normal area of operations , but the brain box puts the group at twenty , only two of whom are old enough to potentially be classified as ancients . ''
languages have never been my strongest area , so i did n't catch much from the lightning - fast exchange that juan and the woman carried on in spanish , but she motioned us towards the back of the store as she continued to talk to juan .
benjy asked , knowing now that this was a very touchy area with him .
there are certain areas where we just can not tread .
is this normal for a glass person , because i m not familiar with this area of your kind ?
we have been together for many years , and we are each accomplished in our own area , he boasted with pride .
my specialty involves a large practical area in mineral extraction .
your point of view is sadly mistaken , in more areas than one .
you are going to be a writer because you ve shown great aptitude in that area the story i read was so good .
that should be time enough , she thought , but then again , this was definitely not her area of expertise .
i tried to keep his hands in g - rated areas but he was nt a rule follower and did nt believe in respectable boundaries .
a lot of the people in these parts knew me for my healing , but i doubted a sylph needed my help in that area .
it was not exactly my area of expertise .
i am sure you are somewhat studied in the area of greek mythology ?
this would be the area of life i could shine in .
the reason i brought you to d - section in the first place was in the belief that you were the best , that you excelled in this area .
his brain you say , are you having any problems in that area ?
pavga slowly nodded and explained , well , my son has a point in that area , despite mentioning that hateful lord k who is my brother .
but a tentative sister who falls in the void would be faced with the impossibility of removing her shuddering body from the area of high - voltage shocks .
i met this weeks quota on wednesday and i m already way ahead of my quarterly goals in every core area , she boasts .
` ` gladly , there is still much work to be done , not just in the soup kitchen , but in other areas of need , too .
her education had been seriously neglected , and although she could outshine any of the others in the reading department , was decidedly deficient in other areas and needed an awful lot of extra work .
afterward , you are welcome to revisit any areas and discuss them with your friends .
answered alinda , worried that she could n't help in that area , but lea did n't seem affected .
out of the group , fergus , alfred and alonso were thinking somewhere around that area , but still differently .
` ` of course , no problem in that area . ''
of course , they worked in many different areas too .
as a graduate student , he was drafted to sit in the ` ` business and computer '' section and answer questions about that area of study as a major to any potential freshmen who were looking for help in determining a major .
cabiri had spent ages working in the area of ` ` government '' .
well , the mystic thought he sounded sad , but that was hardly his area of expertise .
each covers for the other in their respective areas of expertise , and both pretend they do n't .
` ` ah , but great majesty , skeksis lack in one important area . ''
helen is an almost perfect fit , such that there s little excess and few areas of tightness that my own body has to adapt to before it can fully bind to it .
within the first three weeks i had divulged my four main areas of struggle : unhealthy eating habits , my relationship with my mom , low self - esteem , and difficulty with guy relationships .
would nt want to fall behind in that area shut up , cassidy !
i know jasper has a ton of experience in this area , but its just not for me .
with as much blurry area as there was being filled about the goings on those many years ago in africa , he felt as though he could have been blindly angry at the wrong person .
now he rolled her equalizer between his forefinger and thumb as he thought about her area of superiorityher stunning beauty .
all three areas of superiority rapidly developed further during eighteenth year .
he thought , three areas of superiority .
it looked like they were trying to find additional ways to weaken areas of superiority and strengthen areas of inferiority .
it looked like they were trying to find additional ways to weaken areas of superiority and strengthen areas of inferiority .
the sheriff was saying , first question , you or your coworkers ever run across three areas of superiority ?
sure , she developed three areas of superiority .
year after year his area of inferiority fell inside the narrow range of acceptable differences .
they had plenty of ways of attacking one another - indeed , they were particularly skilful in that area - but they would nt have enough time to amass any armies or launch any nuclear missiles if the others decided to attack , and any defence or pre - emptive strike would be useless anyway .
coming closer to the conflict area , i began to distinguish words and understood that the essence of ryans ranting was the skype call that i missed , as i was sitting in for jessica at the reception desk .
i do nt know , george was having his doubts , i do nt have experience in this area , and i am not used to completely trusting someone elses expertise .
the observer program has made great discoveries in this area .
and once one was cured , they were nt granted any choice as to the area of expertise they entered .
but whilst the cure expanded one segment of the brain to near superhuman ability , the remaining segments were dulled to near incompetency , leaving the cured norm basically brain - dead in all but one area of expertise .
thus , those who were naturally gifted at literacy , become hugely advanced in this area , and are able to be grouped along with all other literary minds , where they now live in one community , producing the best literary work the world has ever seen .
by dividing our nation into sections of expertise , fields , there is no fighting , and advances in various areas are more common .
a group of five uniformed norms entered the room , and regina introduced them as the trainers , each specializing in a different area of our training .
i wish i could help you in that area .
you both excelled in several areas , which is why you ll be working together and combining your strengths .
ruth felt that scientific research was valuable in all fields , but had a personal interest in one area specifically : aircraft propulsion .
quickly , she began , ` ` i do n't mind ; besides , anton , i ' m sure you have detected before now that science is hardly my area of expertise .
` ` but not in the area that would have reminded him of a wife , if he had had such a cumbersome burden . ''
well be working with all of you in different areas of combatthat is , if you still plan on becoming warriors .
agata passed every test put to her with perfection and excelled in every area of reason , logic , and mathematics she was tested in .
thanks to her archery skills , she was more than used to shooting arrows in fast sequence , and precisely because of that she was responsible for that area .
they hit another gap in the floor and a section where the floor was rather unstable in areas , but nothing as dangerous as the things in the stream .
the guild of angels , however , is very skilled in this area .
if , that is , you plan on studying this area more .
i read a little of a book on this area back in guem , she explained .
since you keep on mentioning algebra , you must struggle in that area .
can you tell me which areas of algebra you need help with ?
` ` your second weakness falls into the area of military organization .
when one bit got into place another area seemed to become muddled .
i could nt argue with the logic in the area of machines , robots , and bots .
we will explore the areas of the biggest challenge and best opportunity and using technology to gain competitive advantage , trends , hottest niches and much , much more which is about new innovation and creations of a new path that separates you from your peers and defines you as leaders as earthlings .
leena did not question , she was beyond her area of expertise .
time has this way of making you numb , you do nt see everything in black and white , it all turns into a bunch of gray areas , but i can see why my thoughts might be a little troublesome for you to swallow .
participants who complete the savage run in its entirety , and score high enough in the appropriate areas , will be granted class-1 master citizenship .
i was nt near one - hundred percent , but at least it did nt feel like i was trapped within that area between life and death anymore .
the two , obviously intoxicated , young men had begun to work their way towards less proper areas of discussion and were enjoying alexandra 's discomfort immensely .
as heir , one of her chief areas of study had been the history of the royal houses and the political intrigues that went along with them .
i was so hopelessly far behind the rest of them in so many areas , i m surprised the teacher put up with my being there at all .
i know they are organized in other areas , used to teach our knowledge to young apprentices , they carry out ceremonies together ...
otherwise , you may be delving into areas you re best leaving well alone !
jetta has no idea i know about her kung fu or her art , if she still dabbles in those areas in this alternate reality .
you have been briefed for this area ?
the fact that they ve begun sharing , and even actively encouraging other students to eat the candy has allowed our test subject area and age group to extend beyond the high school .
well list all the areas where he needs help and start from there .
you need to add that to your list of areas where he needs help , he yelled .
now that i think about it , things might get kind of boring focusing on one area for a whole week .
we may not be able to help them in every area that they need it , but we sure can give it our best shot .
i told jay to make sure that our boys advertise in that area .
the engine , the rolling stock , producing fuel we had made a lot of progress in all of these areas but the sheer number of other details that we had n't even begun to address almost prompted us to cancel the whole thing .
` ` since your mother died i can not seem to do anything right in this particular area .
you might like to know that i am extremely gifted in this area also .
you d make a fine lawyer , whatever area you choose , jayson said .
developments in both areas ( science and cinematography ) are being marred by a string of conflicts resulting from a power struggle between advocates of independence and adherents of government control ( and sponsorship ) .
we 'll train you in different areas and you 'll do a great bit of intelligence work . ''
well , if she s looking in the same area as me , i need to talk to her .
what you may lack in self - confidence you make up for in skills , developing expertise , technical knowledge , and competency in some specialized areas .
detox was the primordial ooze out of which life would rise , the area where evolution needed to begin , and the counseling was ministry .
his research in the area of harmonics helped quantify the way that music worked to alter physical states .
his sole area of concern was the practical application component .
gadreel took his position near the western gate to direct the group through the choke - point , his first area of concern along the route .
but it seems he s applied his compulsive behaviors to other areas .
their acquisition cost per funded account in the paid advertising area is probably around $ 500 according to my sources .
are you looking in that area for the solution to the markets ?
campus politics can really be the darkest area of governing its cute like the high school version , easily dismissed for its lack of powers , and yet can be very useful and impactful , like the real thing .
she improved immediately in all areas .
i needed an architect to help me , i was quickly getting into an area of building that i did nt know anything about .
this is nt really my area of expertise at all , she went on .
it ll help you see what areas need the money the most .
she tries to focus as he explains what all these things mean , but she only hears that her brain is showing low power and that their goal will be to shift her brain out of the twilight zone and into the thinking waves area , or maybe he said the dreaming waves .
they can be part - time jobs in areas you can do now while you relearn the skills you need to return to your old career .
i ve set up the computer so that you can search for suitable part - time jobs in your areas of aptitude .
of the five hundred thirty - one past human lives identified in the sixty - four child prodigy regressions , about seventy - five percent of the souls previous lives also focused on that one particular area the living child prodigy excelled .
there are several more areas we have not talked about ; the big ones .
she has it in her nature ; since that is an area she is most developed .
but , to your question lord sevilen , when you re mowing the grass , waxing your car , driving a known route , or basically , working on some task that requires little thought , do you not solve problems and think through issues you may have in some other area , beside what you re currently engaged in ?
i knew that rory brand was expanding his company into areas in which it was inexperienced and had finagled a great deal of money to do so .
maybe her judgement was faulty in more areas than one .
unfortunately , one of the first areas hit is respiration and so the victim has to force air into their body by using the diaphragm , because the automatic breathing mechanisms are frozen or numbed .
he is such a good friend but he needs more to work with you in the area of dcolletage .
my area of expertise is with the impressionists : monet , gauguin , picasso , manet , van gogh , etc . ''
my ignorance in this area embarrasses me .
in all these areas , american industrial interests had been put first and international agreements second .
let us know if there is any specific area where we can help during this current effort .
but it bothers me , and i believe there could be another possible way ahead , if we initiate three areas of action simultaneously .
all three areas of activity would have to be very closely co - ordinated and effected over a very short period of time if they are to work at all , either on their own or together .
to my mind , although perhaps not to yours , this is almost more tricky than the area i ve already touched upon , not least because the risks of leaks are greater .
my instructions are to brief you on exactly the same areas that they will be covering , - he nodded ahead of them - so that if they need to talk things over with us , either together or separately , well all know what were talking about .
paramount in all this will be total and absolute secrecy in all areas of the anti - terrorist action , as well in the planning of the political effort which will be needed to complete the exercise .
bill , i want you to concentrate on two areas specifically .
the fact is , however , that there are many aspects of the changes which have occurred in the province which i am unable to explain , any more than the media has sensibly been able to , but there are other areas where the government has been able to help the process , and i propose to give details of those in this statement .
i mentioned earlier , mr speaker , that there were areas where the government has been able to aid the process of bringing peace to the province in ways which have not previously been possible .
in respect to her particular point about future economic development , it is , of course , far too soon to be able to speak in specific terms , especially in an area where contracts must necessarily be negotiated .
ray can help me in other areas .
money talks , even in areas of religious conflicts .
and guess what was one of allens key areas of expertise when he was in the army : explosives .
we knew that as long as we did nt go into that one particular area we would be fine , as fine as anyone could be in mother nature .
he sounded as though he was getting a little pissed , replied george with his mouth full i can help a bit in this area though .
beesely continued , i guess you have developed some concerns in that area lately .
in the days and weeks ahead i will get to meet many of you individually , and discuss your particular project areas and tasks .
it was not her area of interest , domestic policing and firearms , but she was puzzled .
beesely added , the one problem area will be the russians .
we need concentrated effort in both areas , so that we know where jarvis eventually goes .
perhaps he should turn his hand to some new area of research in the field of particle physics , and quit this project while he was ahead .
there is however , another area of research in which i have always aspired to contribute , also in the field of particle physics .
if he had that kind of intelligence and talent he d also have better skills in other areas such as a foot follow .
i mean , if you think about it , there is hardly an area of science , philosophy or religion that the romans did n't have at least some influence over . ''
he knew that rocking the boat was not popular , but that needed reforms , especially in the areas of corruption and favoritism must be made quickly .
apartment houses were still going up in all areas , and the influx of people from other areas of china was at its zenith .
your situation is not in my area of expertise , but i do have a friend who can provide you with much better assistance .
my desk was in an alcove , along with two wooden cabinets containing the few dozen shelflist drawers given over to the area of greek and latin literature .
instead i asked , and what area of medicine will you specialize in , or do you know ?
i was diversifying my areas of expertise , said alma .
but now i had an opportunity to pursue this area of interest , as well as assisting west with his .
and once the subject had begun to speak , perhaps i could nudge his memories toward my area of interest .
the last thing she needed was for hobson to be reminded that she catalogued in the area of medicine .
i d like to earn a higher degree , in some area of science , perhaps .
nominally , he had been a member of the philosophy department , but over the years his interests had branched out ( some would say slopped over ) into areas as diverse as mathematics , egyptology , quantum physics , phrenology and especially numerology .
i m rather keen on my new area of practice , and do nt want to ruin my prospects by becoming identified as the death doctor , or something like that .
west had stated categorically on his return from the war that he had finished with revivification , due to the limited success of the procedure and the expansion of his interests into other areas .
he had several areas of research .
however there could be one , playing along , lost amongst the crowd who is actually a greater power in this realm than we can presently fathom , a wealth of experience in areas which we see as clouded and unknown .
and there are some gaps in their timelines such as here for mruyadgi or here for lai ' says peta as she points to different areas of the report .
i will search out what information i can about that area of france .
` ` uhm , yes , anyway , another area of interest was exploration .
` ` i compared the results with several other areas .
` ` this graph reveals the specific areas of ' negative ' research causing these anomalous results .
i had reserved the three mysteriously identical hollow needle books as my area of study .
i had cleared my day in order to concentrate my efforts on examining the three hollow needle books , an area of research i was convinced held our answers .
a quick specialist session later , using the last professor available on this topic in the area , informed me i was on the right track .
my mind , in complete control over everything , weakened terribly in this one area .
you and i studied that area together for a while , shortly after we met .
it was little surprise that the gaps matched my areas of interest .
` ` unfortunately , we are not from this particular area of france .
after some talking and arm waving , the group separated , disseminating into all areas of etretat .
they have a one page document and are reading it back and forth to each other , highlighting specific areas .
i do n't think that i am making myself popular in that area .
he had in mind to give vladimir all areas related to security and to juergen all that was related to research and innovation .
their principal areas of interests are oncology , tissue growth and repair , infectious diseases and immunology , said solito .
if i m correct , this is a programme of gembits principal areas of activities as planned by burnstein over the next few months .
we ve located eight bastian and human scientists specialising in the areas that you wanted .
that area of the law was cloudy to me and i was nt sure if unexercisable stock options would be acknowledged and paid for in a takeover .
there will be more investigation in that area , do nt you think , ms . storm ?
with the collapse of solyndra and other energy companies like it , and the information vinny and i uncovered , there will be a long hard look at the whole area of government funding .
he was reaching into areas which had been buried by franks treatment .
there were also suspected terrorist cells in orlando , miami , ft . lauderdale and boca raton , florida but after he did his research on that area he was certain the fbi and other agencies were watching these groups very closely .
a typical for - instance : in the area of advanced materials those of us hooked on swords know the japanese were already creating ` ` new materials '' hundreds of years ago that still have n't been bettered .
our hope is that by utilizing the studies here in those areas , incorporating them into our supercomputer work , we might be able to put ourselves a major step ahead .
` ` there are things the west excels at doing , and there are areas , i trust it is not improper to say , in which we japanese have demonstrated aptitude .
` ` but that area is your responsibility now , mr . walton .
` ` these personnel are an area i wish to discuss with you , '' mori pushed ahead , almost as though not listening .
` ` what it means '' tam spoke up '' is that ikeda has targeted every emerging area of semiconductor research .
of those who reported inadequate r & d in high technology areas , the following reasons were given .
the categories in the sort were a breakdown of high - tech areas , with individual firms listed underneath , together with a summary of their research expenditures .
but what i did n't realize till we got these memos was that the areas covered by mori 's companies exactly dovetail with miti 's goals .
tuesday morning we all buckled down and began working around the clock , each of us handling a separate area , tam called in some favors with the head of the nyu computer center and adapted an off - the - shelf program for stock transactions to suit our unique requirements .
novosty was right about one thing : it would have opened a whole new area of inquiry .
it 's the one area where we still lead the world .
all the wind tunnel testing of sections and the materials research was probably wrapped up , meaning this area was history .
that seemed to be his particular area of expertise .
unlike my step - brothers i did not choose mathematics or economics , good solid subject areas well suited to the rigours of international finance .
he d get laid , jeremiah usually had no problems in that area .
they needed to educate their own minds in areas of science and technology more .
when you start skipping club activities , which i assume you will promptly do regardless of the clubs activities and areas of interest , there is a good chance the assigned teacher will pay you a surprise home visit .
that test , along with his other training results had been so exceptional , in both the problem - solving area and in physical performance that he d been assigned to work directly under administrator fields command .
it would not allow searching of his parents area of the house .
i recommend that you personally supervise these areas .
do we have any assets in that area ?
this was not an area shed talked about with anyone ; even with phillip , the conversation had taken place over a couple of weeks .
that s a wonderful idea , but i can see you getting overwhelmed by what s needed in this area .
crime seems to be one area completely unaffected by global credit crunches and economic gloom and doom .
he would have concentrated more on the most important areas : the face or faces , the pose , the use of light , the hair .
but for other parts of the painting , its more like he s moved into the seventeenth century to give depth to areas that the renaissance lot did nt bother with .
dna research is such a sensitive area that if we are found wanting in our procedures , it could be closed down .
what s your main area of interest in that field research ?
here we have a small cadre of dedicated scientists working on groundbreaking genetic research into a number of areas .
as a couple they carried out their work with meticulous planning and panache , each with their own area of expertise , which they brought together with deadly effect .
in a negotiation , he would start modestly , appearing to yield to his opponents legal analysis of the situation ; perhaps pointing out the one or two areas of doubt that he might bring up later .
the work i do , he bit his lip the work i used to do was in the less traditional areas of police work .
she has devoted much of her time to charity work in the area of police widows and orphans .
since when , and in what areas ?
after the meeting with ortega , rodriguez was n't sure what or how the mexican government 's response would be- would they listen or not ; after all , the two were merely acting as emissaries of the state department due to their knowledge and expertise in the area .
however , simply because of the convention 's existence was not reason to prevent the continued undercover and secretive research into areas of the biological sciences best left alone .
i have heard what you had to say , but for the sake of my patience , i request that you stop talking about what has been and concentrate on other areas .
beaton was happy just listening it meant that he did nt have to defend any of the no - go conversation areas he d run through as roche went on to explain that miers looked like just the man he needed .
each time a new area of expertise is taught , the candidates are then required to complete two live ( non - training ) missions using their newly acquired skills in order to move on to the next level .
actually signor beppe , i have already taken care of that area .
i immediately sensed that he did n't want to discuss that particular area of his life , so i did not question him any further about it .
he continued to drive for a while , deep in thought , and then finally replied , ` ` lance , i ' m not going to try to dictate to you how to act in that area of your life .
` ` you most certainly can , '' i replied matter of factually while both giving him a list of what areas i needed help in and glancing around for shannon .
genetic and stem cell research had undoubtedly become the newest and most exciting research buzz words , but for that reason kalpenski felt that every research institute worth its salt would be focused in those areas and there was nt much new that the spheros could bring to the table .
dani was nt sure how she might find any different , but she could nt think of another area where be bold might apply .
and chisholm was at least right about one thing : if they did find a breakthrough , it was the sort of sexy new area that would make the gifford award committee sit up and take notice .
other research establishments though were fast exploring the same area , and it was senadhira who first suggested using the cell - ula to put them ahead of the field .
to tell the truth , schneider was an expert in just one area : getting people to tell the truth .
that was the one area that still had nt improved much ; she was nt a party person .
there does nt seem to be a dress code for the high stakes area , huh ?
seems like he really believes most of that stuff about the revolution , but sometimes i wonder , did you notice how careful he is to steer clear of the touchy areas and still carry on as if he s all open - minded and reasonable ?
when i asked if theo would be going to lecture there as well , he said no , theos area of expertise was not exactly what our people on cyprus thought the greek cypriots would be interested in at this point .
i was beginning to have serious doubts about one or two areas , but this was hardly the time to admit them .
unfortunately , sam , you have it in not one area , but three .
also a book and some printouts from the internet to help guide him through the areas he may have problems with .
he had already determined that the frequency he was using was not in use in this area .
with luck well get an i d from some forensics , but this guy has proven to be quite knowledgeable in that area .
we do nt have any friends in that area right now .
there was a sudden pause as frank exhausted another subject within the vast encyclopaedic area that was accounting .
i guessed that it was aimed at my questioning her knowledge of my ... our cases rather than at the task assigned , ` ` also , i do n't have my cellphone with me , so once you have a lead on the nature of stacey 's field of study do an internet search for press releases by anyone claiming to have made a major breakthrough in a similar area , are you with me ? ''
we had requisitioned records from his service provider , but they were never quick about supplying the police , and it was an area that i had no influence over , my patience , it seemed , would be tested .
campaigning about crude oil thefts is my area of interest since when mr donovan sensitized us about the dangers of crude oil thefts .
this is my area of concern and i can assure you , we have the very best people working on the tower collapses .
if dmk comes to power , they plan to diversify into other business areas .
i have asked experts in all areas to determine better answers to making certain that another act like this is stopped before it happens , once and for all .
do you know what area he works in , or what he does in particular ?
her primary area of research was love an emotion that she had charted to be so nebulous she had renamed it the murky noise in some of her writings .
however , in new areas of research , expert opinion is quite important that is in areas where the research leg of evidence - based - practice has not had sufficient time to develop .
however , in new areas of research , expert opinion is quite important that is in areas where the research leg of evidence - based - practice has not had sufficient time to develop .
this is just such an area , and thus my expert opinion does carry more weight than science would prefer .
this is not my area of expertise .
although omar handled administrative functions fordunbar and associatesand did not engage in analyzing psychological data , as an african american he found this data intriguing , saying , obviously this is not my area of expertise .
clearly , the ability to master area one did not transfer to the ability to master area two .
clearly , the ability to master area one did not transfer to the ability to master area two .
sexual potency is an area of science that we still do not completely understand .
in what area were they deficient ?
it was nt that zachary was not competitive it was just that he liked to compete in his areas of greatest talent , and as he grew older he realized that for him these areas were not contained within the realm of sports but rather the realm of the mind .
it was nt that zachary was not competitive it was just that he liked to compete in his areas of greatest talent , and as he grew older he realized that for him these areas were not contained within the realm of sports but rather the realm of the mind .
we must act grey cliff , area two : at the precise moment when ralphs axe chopped through darnells right foot , ralph had been overcome with immense pleasure .
you should see one and we both know there are great ones in this area who specialize in post - traumatic stress .
investigators had been unable to figure out which mosque hassan had initially attended , one of the many areas in which the report was still incomplete .
in order not to risk success of the mission if something were to happen to any of them , at least three of the men had received the same training in any of the areas , such as operating the remote - controlled replica of the metro bus .
whenever they spoke , they always discussed the mission , but their conversations increasingly covered other areas .
he had to find a delicate balance between giving his readers newsworthy information without delving into areas of analysis and speculation .
this had been another area where warvic seemed forever in disagreement with her now deceased or imprisoned colleagues .
whenever one area of corruption was uncovered , two more would spring up in its place .
if she concentrated on two or three areas , it might work .
at least he is a gentleman in some areas , thought t.a .
he was to liaise through this small group for assistance or approval in general areas which might affect the muslim groups .
his living presence was a too frequent reminder to other senior officers of the extent they had to go to cover up other areas of corruption .
i ' ve worked in that area often enough .
do you think we can organise for me to get into the same area as you ?
while he had always been a nice guy , just somewhat egotistical and impatient , he always wanted to move faster in some areas of their relationship than she was comfortable with .
according to private sources , this partnership maintains various cross - border groups in important areas such as manufactured goods , sectoral and regional competitiveness , energy , environment , e - commerce , information communications and technologies , and financial serviceseverything relating to our day - to - day lives .
alex clicked through the computer to her secure area at homeland security and opened a sub - folder in the area where raz had left her documents for her .
he recognized that it was one of the areas where he might be vulnerable .
while most town councils achieved a level 1 rating for service and conservancy charges arrears management for example , the town councils of opposition - held wards fared worst in this area .
here was an area of his life that was still very vulnerable , and he wanted the temptation gone .
i blame others for my unhappiness and the areas of my life that were way below average .
this was an area ueda knew might prove difficult .
in hell , came hengists voice from the mouth of the harbinger , the minimum has dealt us an ugly hand in this area of the world and i can tell by the wine in your voice you do not know of what i speakat least not yet .
she featured a double hull construction in most areas , resulting in her being nearly impossible to sink .
i ' ve never had a problem in that area , but how does a professional gentleman approach the fairer sex ? ''
lets move to the area of relationships , preston said .
chapter 8 i was nt familiar with this area so i would have to improvise .
here are the thank yous : thanks go out to francesca giacalone of the marriott long wharf , and frank neely from the us navy press office , for your assistance with your respective areas of expertise .
this is beyond his area of expertise , and beyond the scope of his part of the investigation .
i m going to try and stick to that area .
' well , since you put it like that , maybe it is rather a specialised area .
my area of involvement is with global health issues ; and currently there is a growing concern about the strains of avian flu .
she also said that a lot of your ingredients are presumed effective in areas not associated with viruses .
my area of expertise is in infectious diseases , but the cdc is vitally involved in coming up with a remedy for autism .
that s the same area that caused him issues as a child and teenager .
this was not their area of expertise .
you discarded the pages face down on the table when you finished each area of questioning , herr deschler .
charles looked at both men and knew he could count on them.besides , this was now getting into an area he wanted to know nothing about .
she had attempted to deliver group lectures that she had given hundreds of times in the past.they were part of her.but to her horror , she could no longer remember the flow of her presentations.she would begin a thought that was designed to lead to a wide area of exploration , only to realize halfway through that she had no idea where she going.she had begun looking for any excuse to avoid lecturing , and was showing a lot of videos in their place.the quality of the addiction program was taking a dive , but her mind no longer served her.she had lost her edge.she feared it would be another tool against her if anyone else ever discovered her new disability , so she continued to go through the motions of being competent .
that s true , '' jerry stuttered , working hard to keep from sounding like an idiot.they give the marketing department assignments from other areas during down time .
clare was still working for the company and was promoted to the same area as will , which made her very happy .
but having a young woman in his home and offering her comfort and good company was way beyond his area of expertise .
unfortunately , he had a good deal of experience in that area .
i have some experience in that area .
the training program will cover six areas : physical fitness , hand - to - hand combat , weapons training , sniper training , psychological readiness , and field operations .
are you familiar with that area ?
after all rough sex did fall into my area of control .
but i have a deal in this area that might interest him .
sure , you can beat me in a fistfight , but in my own area i ' m very good .
that is why even the americans will not embark on this area of research .
each one of you is here because you bring a unique talent and area of expertise to this crisis .
around 7 pm he had given an interview with a german newspaper about funding for overseas development because , by then , his reputation for being a stirrer in this area was becoming widely known .
` ` but sometimes , margaret , my thoughts lead me into areas where i still struggle for explanations .
she watches him play with their son , who is now pale from lack of sunlight , though okay in the nutrition area , shed like to think , since somehow she manages each day to dose him with her milk .
we have many mysteries to solve , many unique areas of research you could be part of .
he was as uncomfortable with this area of conversation as tabitha blue had been on social levels minutes ago .
we have to remain adaptable and i think we may want to revisit some areas we ve already looked at .
maybe that s one area where he succeeded quite nicely .
i am not recommending this , you understand , and i hope that you have more wisdom in this area than i had .
it is not humility ; it is foolishness , and it causes you problems in other areas , like sex .
there was another area , though , where my moral training was explicit and indelible and we quickly came to it .
here was an area where i was not lacking in conviction .
according to the publication , the firm has terminated a certain area of their research because it failed to produce positive results .
many of the other terrains are quite similar , so your expertise will be valuable in those areas as well .
i do nt know that much about it , but they ve made great strides in this area in the last ten years .
we men did nt think too much of it it was just another of those areas of life we were nt allowed into , like appointments at the dressmakers , or their endless coffee mornings .
still too early to have seen any of the staff about , but enough at least to satisfy his need to be near a certain member of that staff ... but that was an area he would nt allow himself to think about .
well try a couple of different areas , see where you excel , and rely on your background after that .
he returned to his own area of influence , tired of the puzzle .
its a very obscure area of research and i have not found many others who are interested .
i have had to make my living doing research on completely unrelated areas of history .
the knights templar was my first area of interest , and it has grown from there .
soeren looks unsure for a moment , and then starts his tale : - perhaps lone can help me explain this its a bit of a complex area .
lets just say i do not have a problem in that area .
the conditioning of subprime , genetic wastelands was technically his area of expertise , but impending promotions had left the citizen frustrated with old tasks .
for instance , in this case i might argue that you both had means and opportunity ( you both were skilled in the areas needed to commit the crime and both had access to the park ) .
` ` if you were to examine those two disks , you 'd find that they were the same in almost every way , except in one area .
as for you mr . deville , you will confine your questioning to areas that you can substantiate with proof .
then his paranoid attitude had extended to other areas of technology : why had nt cctv been able to stop it ?
now she was closer , she could make out a slight discolouring in the area of interest : while the rest of the walls were old , grey brick , probably hewn by some skilled craftsman many centuries before and with an endearing quality that illustrated how much care had gone into the making of each brick , this circular patch was just a hint darker and bluer than the rest .
and given the recent recession and cuts in government spending , most of it was nt good news : some taxes were going up- although , surprise surprise , the wealthy were getting off lightly with what was , in effect , a tax break- and many areas of the public sector were being cut .
brinkmanship and diplomatic posturing had been the main dialogue between the two countries during the cold war years , and economic and technological achievements , particularly in the space race , but in all aspects of building and manufacturing as well , were areas of intense competition between the two rival colossuses .
can you talk about your experience in this area ?
rudy was more interested in working in the production area and was taking ownership of that domain , which suited everyone .
modesty had never been a stumbling block for mr . versey and boeing foresaw a great future for him as a research and development superstar , particularly in the area of molecular turbines .
for anyone interested in the legal system , you will have encyclopedic , instantaneous case - by - case knowledge of any state or area of law .
we will carry out a full investigation in our quality assurance areas .
dr . marcus will be able to continue whatever training you have need of in the field of medicineas well as other areas of necessity .
this confirms pieces of several other investigators and brings the puzzle a little closer to completion in other areas .
i will now meet with the attorneys to cover some technical areas , then they will be allowed to make their final arguments to you .
it is these areas on which we are focusing our search . ''
worse , because military training tended to enhance a criminal 's repertoire in several important areas .
he has interviewed experts in several different areas - ' graves flipped the pages of his file ` - including cancer experts , civil engineers , horticulture specialists , and aerosol spray - can designers .
the information was in two areas .
in fact , i ' ve spent much of the last year writing the draft for a book that deals with mr . sauniere 's primary area of expertise .
he and i specialize in different areas of the legend , so between the two of us , you 'll get the full story . ''
` ` no , this is not your area of expertise .
twelve years in the business , and they had never worked one area so long .
not in this area of medicine . ''
not my area of expertise .
` ` was that your area of concentration in medical school ? ''
every month , the who uncovers labs where scientists are dabbling in the gray areas of science - everything from manipulating human stem cells to breeding chimeras ... blended species that do n't exist in nature .
this was not his area of expertise .
he tried to salvage his pride but , alas , he could find no area in which helene was not superior to him .
the others were competent in their own areas , but rhys was the only one who had a working knowledge of the company 's complete global operation .
in a field where dozens of companies are working in related areas , it is inevitable that several companies might be working on the same type of product but four such incidents in a period of a few months force us to the conclusion that someone in the employ of roffe and sons gave or sold the research material to the competitive firms .
as max 's and lexi 's twenty - fifth birthdays moved ever closer , kruger - brent 's ten - man board of directors decided that they should both spend some time learning the ropes of all of the company 's myriad business areas .
the only area where she 'd let her heart rule her head was in mining .
do you have any particular area in mind ? ''
` ` i 'll have to airbrush or use the clone tool in some areas . ''
did you have any particular area in mind ? ''
frantically her mind darted over all the treacherous areas of vulnerability .
all i know is that he is in the generally correct area . ''
you officially become our client , and we provide consulting services in the area of government relations , a wonderfully vague term that covers just about anything .
this court , with my complicity and especially because of my presence , has rapidly become a blind protector of those who wish to severely restrict liability in all areas of personal injury law .
there coach kyle said all the right things - nice effort , good hustle , our game is improving in certain areas , let 's finish on a high note this saturday .
benedict measured up in other important areas as well .
have you screwed up in that area ? ''
' i ' m referring to a transfer from zurich , from the gememschaft bank on the bahnhofstrasse , and i ' m talking in the area of several figures .
we trade favours frequently , usually in the narcotics area , but we 're all flexible .
' create a living man , a quickly established legend , seemingly everywhere at once , racing all over south - east asia , outdoing carlos at every turn , especially in the area of sheer numbers .
generally in the area of who was manipulated .
it relegated trevor to paperwork - real estate closings , wills , leases , zoning - all the mundane , nondazzling , small - time areas of the profession no one told him about in law school .
britt 's zeal for finding facts in southeast asia had faded dramatically , and he 'd turned his attention to other critical areas of the world .
her third area of ` ` focus '' was taking the pulse of the country .
this area of our practice is changing rapidly .
adam glanced at his notes , then said , ` ` you seem to be concerned about five areas .
` ` now , there are two areas of concern .
she had also dealt relentlessly in all areas of gossip and rumor surrounding the spartan football team .
building on breakthroughs in the area of ' depatterning , ' where you 'd mess with someone 's mind so hard that they started to lose all sense of space and time , all their usual neural patterns , basically their sense of self .
` ` there are no books in those areas . ''
` ` i guess it 's because you were closer to harry than i was in those areas .
as he sat at his desk , ruminating over his past , he tried to coldly objectify , searching areas where his actions might call into question his ethics or morality .
it was unlikely they would be executed , thought five ; the americans were weak in that area , especially if a prisoner appeared irrational and repentant .
i ' m transgressing into your area , but i do n't have a choice . ''
` ` granted , i thought it would be more in the area of advise and consent - no , do n't say it , that 's the congress 's job.l @ ` ` thank you for saving my breath .. .. now , to add to the antics of the asylum you 're in , two nazis tell you i ' m with them , part of their new fascist uprising .
` ` the trouble 's in the diplomatic area , then ? ''
there 's no question that he believed it was authentic , but he allowed for outside disinformation - more in the area of misinformation , i grant you , but he considered it . ''
` ` yet for all of that , our work in the lesser areas is even more impressive .
the officer had been correct in one area : the front door was on the far left , at the end of the gravel drive , symmetrically unbalanced , as if temporary , but removed from quarters .
you see , like all great leaders , i delegate responsibility , especially in areas where i lack expertise .
the frenzied media went briefly apoplectic , ` ` but the government authorities would not budge in the area of naming names , which only the few could provide but did not , and eventually the frustrated media went on to other , more fruitful ` ` exposes . ''
` ` my company has interests in those areas . ''
his profile is so low in this area , it'snonexistent . ''
that means you have names , areas of evidence , both concrete or hearsay .
that 's almost always inthe area of weapons and technology data that stillmight be classified . ''
six specialized in areas such as steel and pig iron , tropical oils , timber , vegetables and liquid oils , fertilizer .
` ` in every area he 's a step ahead of us because he had these murders planned out beforehand ! ''
as in everything , we are meticulous in this area .
he had virtually no choice in any other areas of his life .
in certain areas our interests converged .
however , in co - operation with your unseen credentials , i will tell you that all car rental arrangements would have to be made through my first assistant , a man , quite frankly , i have found quite compromising in many areas . '
standard colonial policy , especially in the area of law enforcement and territorial security . '
you think there are not areas where our interests might converge ?
your lapses have been all too apparent in the areas of deception and ethics .
the british had to relinquish leadership in the area of secret intelligence operations for reasons that were as clear as they were ' unpalatable to london : the occidental could never fully understand the peculiar subtleties of the oriental mind , and these were not the times to render misleading or poorly evaluated information .
` ` i wo n't make another mistake , not in that area .
nothing happens that he does n't know about and nothing gets done in the area of research that he does n't pass on . ''
` ` desole says he 's building a cover and can handle it , but it 's no time for him to go around asking questions , especially in this area .
too , he was on his way to becoming a legal expert , remaining in the milieu of the university , piling one degree upon another while teaching at the graduate level until the sheer depth of his expertise in specific areas was incontestable .
they want nothing to do with you , they want no traces , and in that area you 're vulnerable . ''
many things may be done in the name of russian interests and without the premier 's knowledge , but in this day and age not in the areas you describe .
as usual , london is very quiet about these things , but they 're far ahead of you and the japanese in certain areas .
` ` i know it 's not my area of expertise , '' warfield said finally .
you see , mark , the law is very clear in this area .
the sessions with holcroft were divided into areas of instruction : the political and financial climate of jamaica , mi5 contacts throughout the island , and basic skills - with instruments - in communication and counter - surveillance .
the areas of expertise would be the normal ones : shale , limestone , and bedrock stratification ; water and gas - pocket analyses ; vegetation - soil and botanical research ; and finally , because the survey extended into the interior regions of the cock pit country , someone familiar with the various dialects and outback customs .
beyond the specific areas of expertise , he cared about adaptability to the physical and climatic requirements , and to the give - and - take of close - quarters association .
and there could be other areas of interest , which , frankly , there are not . '
there were areas - philosophical , political , financial - in which their interests might easily be merged .
each is assigned areas of instruction and future responsibility from the results .
' we dispense vast sums throughout the world , concentrating as best we can on the areas of widespread human suffering .
all areas of the exam will be covered and your progress will be closely watched by all of us , especially avery .
it covered most areas of the law common to all states .
days three and four would be eight hours each and cover fifteen areas of substantive law .
marty 's key symptoms were consuming obsessions , high intelligence , crippling lack of social and communications skills , and outstanding talent in a specific area -- - electronics .
this is my area of expertise , right ?
swivelled lights angled down from the ceiling , permitting those reading to move the sharp beams into the areas of concentration , whether they were manuscript , photographs or maps .
still , considering the numbers and depth of the combined intelligence efforts of at least six western nations concentrating on masqat , the southern coastline of oman was a logical area to examine intensively .
and some of us are more familiar than others with certain troubled areas of the world - you certainly qualify in that regard .
there also exists a tacit understanding between the congress and the media for the latter to restrain themselves in areas concerning these committees ; a senator or a congressman is appointed , but his or her appointment does not become a cause celebre .
the president once again said everything in general terms and nothing specific - except in one area : until all proper security measures are in place i have asked congressman kendrick , a man we are all so proud of , to remain in protective seclusion .
and two , as i mentioned , you have expertise in areas i know nothing about .
' i ' m not wild about jumping off bridges or tall buildings - ' ' it would be in the area of what you 'd say , and to whom i 'd want you to say it .
second , he could be helpful in areas way beyond my reach . '
what the specifics entailed they were not at liberty , of course , to disclose , but insofar as they represented the most exciting sphere of government service , they assumed that the position was overseas , in the area of his expertise .
' it could be your undying love for me ... or perhaps one of the more extraordinary coincidences of my career floating among the rich , the beautiful , the powerful and the politically ambitious , especially in the area of government largess . '
' because in certain areas our interests are the same , and i am willing to work with you on a limited basis . '
' and these areas of procurement will be rectified by the marketplace . '
' in these areas of royal prerogative , i do n't have to consult anyone . '
' there are too many areas where langford jennings and i differ for a president to be comfortable with someone like me who might possibly succeed him - and the thought of that scares the hell out of me . '
he was in a gray area , a very pale one , in his opinion , not a good place to be but far from guilty .
he moved slowly into the area of intimidation .
only two typos that week ; oddly , both were in classifieds , an area that margaret handled .
his name was gary mcgrew , a consultant from nashville , whose area of expertise was small - town newspapers .
i know it 's outside your current area of operations , but i could sure use some help .
what followed was relatively simple : a technical conference that dealt exclusively with one forgotten man 's small area of expertise was called in amsterdam ; he was flown over on a government aircraft and the rest was up to a specialist in these matters .
and later , winthrop could not be considered ; he had become involved in another area of government that required his full concentration .
` ` i know it sounds trite , but there comes a time for all of us to leave the more active areas of our work .
before i decided to call the president i reached five men who for years -- decades - have been involved in the most sensitive areas of intelligence and diplomacy .
i ' m not sure i approve of washington 's tactics in these areas . ''
before appleton was in his grave he saw his companies back on top , making money in areas he 'd never dreamed of , the capital flowing out of the banks owned by the italian kid he 'd found in his carriage house . ''
never in the areas of business negotiations , of which i understand nothing . ''
` ` indeed something did happen , because you are right in that area .
the soviets , of course , had fewer problems in those areas , but we were n't far behind .
` ` we women are brighter in that area , do n't you think ? ''
antonia scofield explained that her husband had confronted fourteen matarese candidates from the most influential areas of american business .
it had been at least five years since smith had been to its headquarters here in paris for a who conference on molecular biology , one of the pasteur 's prime areas of research .
a professor told us last year that bankruptcy was the growth area of the future , what with uncertain economic times and all , job cutbacks , corporate downsizing , he had it all figured out .
but , as with every area of the law , there are exceptions and exceptions to the exceptions , and rohr et al .
charts were prepared for elizabeth 's approval clearly defining all levels of decisions and areas of specific responsibility .
each cable read as follows : through the late marquis de bertholde the scarlatti industries through the undersigned alone have been informed of your consolidation stop asthe single spokesman for scarlatti the undersigned believes there exist areas of mutual interest stop the assets of scarlatti could be at your disposal under proper circumstances stop the undersigned will arrive in zurich two weeks hence on the evening of november 3 at the hour of nine o'clock stop the conference will take place at palkehaus elizabeth wyckham scarlatti there were thirteen reactions , all separate , in many different languages , but each with a single ingredient common to all .
' your cablegram , madame - we all received the same - specifically alluded to areas of mutual interest .
it was his area of unexampled expertise , his singular vocation .
two decades for complete physical maturation , often another decade or more to attain full professional mastery in our area of specialization .
the word had spread among the moguls that lenz had made some extremely suggestive scientific breakthroughs in an area of direct personal interest to all of them .
so compare the two areas , compare the complexity , assume they work just as hard everywhere , and tell me how long they should have spent in the office . ''
not his area of expertise .
he has never seen anyone in his life who looks more bolt - shot than judy does right now , but mad people are clever , and despite his prodigious capacity for denial in some areas , fred can no longer fool himself about his wife 's current mental state .
i skipped my speculation with arthur that maybe the killer would go on killing , and jane engle 's conjecture that maybe we would all be drawn in , and cut right to amina 's area of expertise .
in fact , there was nothing to shelve at all in this area .
after all , this is your area of expertise . ''
` ` that 's part of what attracts him to this area of study .
` ` if i remember correctly , '' she said dryly , ` ` throwing phones was more my area than yours . ''
i thought of dean and the pool and decided that was not an area of discussion i wanted to pursue .
he liked to wear the air of a shrewd man of business , like his father , though it was clear he possessed none of his father 's aptitude in that area .
` ` well , you have ample opportunity to prove your abilities in that area , boy , starting tomorrow .
' that is rather my cousin 's area of expertise . '
he has just enough rudimentary skills in that area to decipher weapons manuals and other simple instruction texts as long as they 're accompanied by diagrams .
` ` you have no sympathies in this area , i trust . ''
` ` this is n't exactly my area of expertise . ''
from what he 'd read of mortal male minds there were only two areas where they suffered any sort of worry : at work and in bed .
her sisters had always bugged her about needing to put on weight , and she supposed this was their attempt to try to help in that area .
sam was very aware that she had not exactly been blessed in that area .
on the one hand , it was nice to know he could get erections repeatedly like this after eighty years without even a spark of interest in that area .
she 'd been feeling dried out and a little slow in the thinking area since waking , but the one bag had eased some of that .
he had met women who were failures in that area and men who had better communication skills than most .
` ` but we ' ve got the edge in other areas . ''
it was for that reason that cale had funneled most of his business interests into areas where he need only deal with immortals .
it is not my area of expertise , '' he admitted apologetically .
he was also used to being the muscle among his own people and forgot that he was now dealing with immortals who outclassed him horribly in that area .
` ` so my business down through the centuries has always been in some area of food service or other .
she was no slouch in that area either .
` ` i thought that might be the case , '' harper admitted solemnly , and when drina stilled and eyed him quizzically , he explained , ` ` it occurred to me that you 're a woman who has fought for independence and control all your life , and yet in this area i keep taking that control from you .
or perhaps it said more about her soon - to - be ex - husband 's skills in that area .
what other areas had he not been up to scratch in ?
the problem was in this area , as with most others , he had to be careful .
` ` i take it your interests did n't lie in that area though ? ''
` ` anyway , that has n't exactly left me feeling confident in my attractiveness or skill in that area , '' she said with a grimace .
` ` your ex was n't good in that area ? ''
i was failing him in that area as well , and was sure the sex thing was my problem .
realizing that her thoughts were heading into an area she was supposed to avoid , inez forced herself to concentrate on the story once more and reached blindly for her cappuccino , frowning and glancing down at it when she tipped it to her mouth and got nothing .
` ` my particular area is in providing entertainment for our customers in a nautical environment .
sometimes , late at night , when the conversation tiptoed around to that area , nanny might just drop in some line like ' old scrivens went peacefully enough at the finish ' and may or may not mean something by it .
she knew she was in the right area , however , when she heard the cursing .
` ` given the reports that suggest your clairvoyance is developing strongly in areas that are not the norm , i 'd say there 's a fair chance you did hear his spirit speak .
` ` i'l double - check , but i ca n't think of anyone in that area aside from you . ''
` ` i am well aware i have a problem in that area .
` ` i can not say you are a total success in that area . ''
to try to work fast and efficiently in so many areas was nearly impossible .
she had confidence in her intelligence , her courage and her abilities in most areas , but not that of a woman .
if razvan held talents as a planner of battles , as extraordinary as his twin was in other areas , then the carpathian people could very well be in trouble .
i know this area intimately .
` ` it is all right with me that you showed poor judgment in this one small area before my arrival , '' he said with a straight face .
` ` i am without extensive experience , and i must make certain i do not lack in the area of a lover .
i have some small talent in this area - certainly not like gregori 's , but i believe i can do some good .
i ' m not known for my generosity in that area .
i can tell i am more aggressive and dominant , and you indicated you already had a problem with me in that area .
to rightly understand carpathian healing chants , background is required in several areas : 1 .
they have special abilities and we aid them in other areas . ''
ginny is interested in vegetarian soup recipes and i am quite good in that particular area . ''
` ` byron has some ability in the area of healing .
` ` let 's just say boston 's finest had a little help in that area . ''
now he was returning from a mission in new orleans - one that had netted the order valuable intel from a key area of dragos 's operation .
` ` i have to wonder if , perhaps ... sire , i fear that recent setbacks in your endeavors to acquire the american senator and clear the path into other areas of human governments may be pushing you into somewhat rash thinking . ''
he had to be ; failure in any area of his upbringing would have meant his death .
in the end , tess 's instincts in that area had proven a lot better .
` ` my son jasper '' - he gestured to where jasper stood , tensed and ready - ` ` has experience in this area .
` ` the fate of humans is n't really my area of responsibility , '' he said .
not that i had any experience in that area .
` ` you may think of yourself as little more than a paper pusher , but the truth is , you work in a sensitive area and know more about the workings of the place than most of the directors .
because we ' ve shared blood , our psychic connection will work in a whole different area . ''
and as my fingers drifted over the perfumes she had bought for me , i wondered again if perhaps nick was right and our odd relationship might be slipping into an area i did n't want it to go .
most stayed outside the city unless employed in the few areas pixies and fairies excelled in : camera maintenance , security , or good old - fashioned sneaking around .
vampires in general were a little shaky on the details of morality in that area -- a hazard of being top predator , claire guessed .
but that same intuition said my choice in this mattered as little as my choice in other areas of my life .
they are lab - enhanced - an area the cartel has been exploring for over forty years .
he hardly took decent care of himself and now he had a breedmate to think about , with human wants and needs that were well outside his areas of expertise .
nothing at all like she would imagine a vampire to be , not that she had a lot of experience in that area .
a controversial area , but he 's convinced it 's the way forward . ''
' t is beyond her area of expertise , so she suggested we find an expert to help us out . ''
at least that was one area where he had n't been discriminated against in his own house - she 'd wanted only her and his sister to park it in those delicate seats .
that was the one area of her life where she called the shots , and he never complained about her hours , her workload , or her stress level .
nature had seen to it that she had barely any problems in this area .
and kitsune and vampires are both a little outside their area of expertise . ''
` ` my area of study is unculled species of reptiles . ''
` ` gods are no ' really my area of interest .
` ` macrieve has been here before and knows promising research areas . ''
it had nothing to do with his size or his shape or anything physical , because i 'd certainly been with men who outstripped him in all those areas .
which might also mean she did n't know the entire truth in other areas .
he did n't need the extra support - i could feel the strength in him and he was n't the least bit shaky - but at least this way we could talk softly and take our time without raising suspicions in unwanted areas .
at least i have n't lost my touch in that area . ''
` ` i appreciate your help with my area .
what is your area of expertise , dr .
i ' m deprived in every area of human affection and it 's terrifying to think that he 's going to be inside me .
the only area where he had no real power was that of literature .
i would be cautious in that area if i were you .
marriage and motherhood had presented another set of obstacles to master , and that was the one area in which she 'd failed miserably .
she was brilliant and knew her subject area - history , not magic - and had encouraged me in that .
whatever the warriors of light had lacked in other areas of their operation , they 'd sunk it into the arena - or , as i was told its official name was , the arena of divine radiance of holy gold .
i had feelings , just like anyone else , but that ability to express them into something creative was an area i would never , ever have expertise in .
that maybe i ' m an expert in an area you are n't ? ''
in fact , she was presently casually dating a sweet , smart mortal who was very skilled in that area .
a virgin in this area entirely , are n't you ?
the vamp 's gaze flickered over jacob , lingered in areas less than comfortable .
that seems more his area than yours . ` `
but in this area above all others , one simply does not break the rules . ''
` ` maybe you have ... problems ... in the canine area , but i do not , little brother .
` ` nothing else will hurt you , if you 'll allow me to watch over you , '' he added , now getting into the area of the fictitious , since whoever had frightened or pulled her out of the car had obviously been around when he had .
` ` vampires created by science are a little outside my area of expertise .
` ` i pride myself i used to give somewhat more than i got if we needed to discuss the vexed area of turf issues with the young men from rope street .
regrettably , they had , when choosing toys for young sam , completely neglected the whole area of hard things with sharp edges .
cheery obliged by handling the chicken noises , an area in which vimes felt he was somewhat lacking , and detritus delivered a hruuugh !
i was wondering if perhaps you might have some contacts in that area , from your before days ? ''
` ` he does in some areas , '' he replied .
` ` i have no objections to speaking in front of darren , '' he said , ` ` but you seemed anxious to steer him clear of certain areas when we were discussing our past a while ago .
` ` i ' ve heard rumors that andre fine has been trained in , '' i paused , picking my words carefully , ` ` other areas of martial arts . ''
in what other areas of martial arts ? ''
i normally would have come back with something about women having to make up for men 's inabilities in that area , but he was right .
his eyes bored into hers as he said the last , and despite herself , his utter confidence in this area affected her , forcing her to wonder what tricks a twelve - century - old immortal would ' ve picked up over the years .
as he absently patted her hand , he said to mari , ` ` this is your area of expertise . ''
` ` resurrection is not my area of expertise .
manfred was instantly intrigued by that area .
surely if i could prove myself to mrs . bethany in any area , it would be that .
your track record in that area leaves a lot to be desired . ''
i was primarily a remote viewer , with growing abilities in other areas .
in addition to being a stone elemental , i also had the rare gift of being able to control another element - ice , though my magic in that area was far weaker .
a highly effective , well - paid , sought - after professional in my area of expertise .
the company had been in their family for years and dealt in a variety of areas , but the main focus was magical speculation , specifically harnessing air elemental magic for a variety of medical and cosmetic products .
like finn said , this is n't my area of expertise .
instead of being true elementals and being able to tap into one of the big four , as they were called , some folks were gifted in other areas , like metal , water , electricity , or even acid .
few people knew about her talents in that particular area , but fletcher lane had been one of jo - jo 's oldest friends , and i 'd inherited her , along with sophia , when i 'd taken over his assassin business .
silverstone could absorb any kind of elemental magic - air , fire , ice , or stone - as well as power by folks gifted in other elemental areas , like metal , water , electricity , or even acid .
those were the areas that most folks were gifted in , the ones you had to be able to tap into to be considered a true elemental .
but magic had many forms , many quirks , and some people could use other areas , offshoots of one of the four elements .
but magic could take many forms , could manifest in all sorts of strange ways , and many folks were gifted in other areas , offshoots of the four main elements .
vampires who drank blood from elementals got the ability to use that person 's power , whether it was air , fire , ice , stone , or one of the offshoots of those areas , like electricity , acid , water , or metal .
the sensation rolling off the vampire slid across my skin like water , but i could n't quite figure out which specific elemental area dekes was gifted in - air , fire , ice , or stone .
landscaping and architecture were n't exactly my areas of expertise , but i 'd taken enough classes in enough subjects at ashland community college that i could bullshit about almost anything and make it sound somewhat plausible and intelligent .
i did n't want to waste precious seconds dropping to the ground and rolling around to smother the flames , so being one of the rare elementals who was gifted in not one but two areas , this time , i grabbed hold of my ice power .
i supposed that was one of the reasons that i 'd trained so long and hard to be the assassin fletcher had wanted me to be - so i could please him in one area that finn never could .
the faint , steady burn was n't cold or hard , so it was n't ice or stone magic either , the two areas i was gifted in , and it did n't feel like some offshoot power like water or electricity .
it was a rare ability , as rare as me being gifted in two elemental areas .
this was one of those thin - ice areas of friendship , which had a great potential for dumping me into freezing water .
academically she 's behind , so she ca n't use her accomplishments in that area to gain popularity .
but then it 's not my area .
they were in this gray , undefined area , and i liked things to be clear .
i assume you have not failed in that area as well ? ''
she 's already mastered several advanced areas of magic .
refereeing a demon lovers ' spat was so not my area .
` ` that 's not exactly my area , '' adam said .
this was my area of expertise and was far less painful to explain .
naturally he 'd chosen to test the one area i had the least experience with .
` ` that 's so not my area . ''
kamen was deeply damaged by his wife 's death , a genius in his work , but practically nonfunctioning in all other areas of his life .
elijah is my area of study .
this was the area of magic i knew very well , because it related to my biological father .
` ` he knows you ' ve been after him , elisabeth , but he 's making himself easier to find by sticking to one area when he hunts for his victims . ''
and , just like madeline , i had a rare talent - being gifted in not one , but two of the main areas , ice and stone , in my case .
i suddenly wondered just how many areas moira might be gifted in herself .
nymphs were usually drop - dead gorgeous and had strong abilities in the seduction area .
` ` he 's never in this area , except for a high trial .
` ` maybe i ' ve been remiss in that area . ''
` ` she may be weak in some areas , stronger in others , but i think our daughter will be blessed with the best of both worlds . ''
he 's strong in all the areas that i ' m lacking .
` ` i ' m slightly gifted in this area , but yes , i ' ve experienced it some . ''
narrowing her eyes , cassie focused all of her attention on that area .
her questions were wandering closer to areas he did not want to tell her about .
she carefully handed down the candle , and found sebastian to be exceedingly helpful in assisting her to get down from the window , his hands groping about and assisting in areas that were n't off balance in the least .
she deliberately chose not to ; chose to take matters into her own hands as , in other areas of her life , she 'd become used to doing .
he has no experience or training in this area , while those he goes against are , in most cases , much older , more devious and certainly more experienced . ''
` ` if you could , tread lightly in that area .
` ` the h'morr is quite vague in that area , so i can not say for sure .
he said somebody really talented in that area might be able to burn oxygen from the air .
` ` i thought interrogation was your area . ''
i trust you 'll come straight to me if there 's a problem in that area ?
` ` my queen , something obscures my sight in that area .
` ` again , i have no experience in this area , so i can not offer advice . ''
shadow was n't a healer but he had some skill in that area .
i must say the few lessons he received in healing were his best - he is outstanding in that area . ''
we 'd hired work crews and some of our newly arrived vampires had expertise in that area , so all were working away to bring us into compliance .
both times , my prison cells had been decidedly lacking in the area of personal comforts .
i could n't imagine that my mother had any aspirations in that area .
combined with the foresight i already had , it made my talent in that area formidable .
anthony has experience in this area , as does director jennings .
your talents in that area are most formidable , '' bartholomew smiled and sipped his wine .
i followed to see what i could do in that area , swiping off a couple of vamp heads while i was at it .
tony 's men were having quite a bit of success in that area , at least .
` ` which area of study ? ''
her area of expertise was mime - art .
` ` that is one area you are not lacking in . ''
` ` discussed areas for potential improvement ? ''
` ` if that 's true then why did you have to discuss areas of improvement with seth ?
` ` there are areas besides the event in gatlinburg that concern me greatly , alexandria .
` ` there are many areas which concern me greatly , but i have to vote ' no . '
we moved on to disarming one another , which usually had been a weak area for me .
` ` babe , '' nathan says , ` ` that 's not an area i have any problem with . ''
i know how much work you ' ve put into this , but ... it 's not exactly our area of expertise . ''
he is ranked highest amongst polomotis in this area of the world .
he says i ' m good in many areas so that must mean i ' m supposed to be the face of the business .
i think it adds to their zeal for our area of study ... '' i stopped listening as professor spears told of the quirks of some of his colleagues .
essays were my strongest area after performances , and it would be a chance to raise my grade average a little - and maybe take the pressure off when it came to the recital .
he shifted a little , sliding down in the seat so that my head neared dangerous areas .
but if i have even the slightest suspicion that you are not supremely gifted in the area of fieldwork , then i ' m going to save your life right now and put you on the operations and research track . ''
` ` that 's not your area of expertise anyway . ''
i admire the skills you possess in so many different areas ...
` ` are n't you already an expert in both of those areas ? ''
` ` i bet he could give you pointers in a few other areas of your life . ''
my particular area of interest was in deep space , specifically with trying to make contact with alien life forms .
it was the same ... a little better in some areas , but over the next week , daemon and i had very little time together .
` ` he 's comfortable in that area . ''
my area of expertise is held in no greater regard than yours .
` ` and what is your area of expertise , doctor ? ''
` ` no , but i assure you , dr . schmidt , madness is my area of expertise . ''
the story , the newscaster went on to say , was particularly pertinent in this area because baron brennan , from whom the painting had been stolen , had been a prominent contributor to the philadelphia art museum .
my associate mr . goddard is going to question you - criminal cases are more his area of expertise .
` ` some areas more than others . ''
he recognized this as his area of expertise .
` ` soldier , i ' m at a distinct disadvantage in this area .
and shocking ignorance and lack of talent in all areas .
` ` i guess your strengths lie in other areas .
i do n't know what else to say , because i ' m terrible at small talk and usually say the wrong thing , but jett appears to be gifted in that area as well .
actually , since i ' ve spent so much time with jett and he gets me ... riled up , for lack of a better term , i ' ve been kind of pent up in that area .
i do n't have enough experience in this area .
once your course of study is set , all the classes are similar and are usually taught in the same area .
all the other areas of your life like falling in love and enjoying high school and new boyfriends and ... hav**g s*x ?
` ` you 're much more like your father in this area than i want to believe ! ''
so why did the absence of seth seem to be pulling tristan and i further apart in that area ?
trey adroitly shifted the conversation to some other area of cyrist doctrine , distracting charlayne 's attention .
this was apparently not an area where mick had much expertise , as he did n't say anything about the many statues and paintings we passed on our way outside , but he perked up again as we turned left on the sidewalk .
but in other areas , things about angels and angel - bloods that you can only get from the inside , she does n't know much at all .
` ` i want to talk this out in a neutral area , '' i told david .
and ellie ... you lucky son of a bitch ... you sure did take after me in that area .
he 'd had the visions , too , which meant , in this one area of my life , i was completely sane .
he spent a lot of time and attention to those areas .
you have three roommates and there are two staff persons who will be here to provide support and assistance in all areas of independent living .
despite your failings in other areas , i can attest with conviction that she blossomed under your care , and you must always keep knowledge of that , when you look back on the less positive transpirings of this summer .
she indicated the areas she was discussing on the blueprints .
and the last abode of darian the seer is an area of personal expertise .
it was troubling to learn that he 'd won an award in an area that proved he had the skills to play me .
what it boils down to is that the council awards certain men the authority to make decisions in certain areas : the farms , the armory , supplies , sanitation , for example .
he 's good with this area . ''
you know the area of my expertise , alfred , so i need n't tell you the nature of those most unusual reports and what drove a team of experienced , highly regarded scientists to abandon their quest to reach the deepest recesses of krubera .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt the more difficult area of the operation .
that was one area where no one could compete with henry ; he had a big heart and was nt afraid to show that he cared .
lately with computers , but you know my expertise in that area .
paul would accompany me around all the different areas , but only the pertinent managers would meet me at their particular areas of responsibility , i was nt into large entourages , and so an hour later we were off ; first stop , the new main gate we were met by david , charlie and carlos , and i first looked down the freshly surfaced road that wound its way up to the new car park outside the gates , very grand , and then i looked into the hole that was not only going to become the new indoor shooting range , but was also going to have bachelor accommodation built above it - that had been carloss idea , as apparently there was a dearth of suitable accommodation for the bachelors in san miguel ; i hope that the floors are going to be well bullet proofed .
small acts of civic bravery , initiative and original thinking in all parts of the population left their marks on small or large areas of every day life .
we have made great strides in our exploration of the universe and other areas of science yet our progress to find an equable and sustainable economic system is languishing in a malaise .
there should be no compromise made in this area , it has to come before everything else .
the future and direction of the country and humankind rest squarely on a teachers ability not only in the subject area taught but also in their approach and outlook on life .
innovation in this area is the way to make sure that no child is left behind .
therefore , we need to provide excellent vocational training , germany excels in this area , and it would not hurt us to follow suit .
it would n't differ very much from that of ase mechanic certification where technicians receive certification in specific areas like electrical systems , brakes , or air conditioning .
this area needs to be explored further from a scientific perspective as it appears to be an innate sense given to us by nature that we do not yet understand .
it was in the areas of all matters martial that she had really excelled , rapidly rising through the ranks of the local school cadets to district commander by age fourteen- the empire and their allies recognized ability ahead of age or family .
he felt suddenly that a whole area of his education had been passed over .
it was built like all the monks libraries , shaped like a five - pointed star with each point of the star representing a different area of learning while the main office and reception area , for those rare guests the monks allowed into their libraries , were received in the centre of the star .
he is familiar with that area .
he paused before saying that any efforts in that area obviously had nt been useful because delayed fledging still was proving to be an intractable problem .
centsurety was waiting a license to pursue research in that area .
as the contents of the bottle became less , each of the two , who had previously been so amicably dedicated to the project , grew steadily less enchanted with the others company and gradually settled upon a wide area of disagreement .
however , it would seem appropriate to work the areas that have the most promise first .
political officer or not , the driver would not kow - tow in the area of his responsibility to someone who knew nothing .
this was out of his area of expertise .
allison was nt real big in the area of formal prayer .
individually they were deficient in certain areas in spite of their impressive rsums , but as a group , they presented a solid front .
allison could see bobby struggling to get up to speed , but his five - year drinking binge had left him deficient in the area of current events .
allisons remark , although offered in jest , seemed to have struck a sensitive area .
society might dissolve into chaos in certain areas and governments may fail altogether , inviting political and religious demagogues to exhort frightened and desperate people to put their trust in them to root out the causes for their despair much like a certain german dictator did in the 1930s .
after a time allisons thoughts wandered to other areas .
i personally am in the process of reengaging my time and energies in areas that have long - term interest to our country .
allison noticed that the talking heads seemed much more relieved since their particular areas of military or political expertise were going to be showcased to the millions of frightened americans .
i wish , lamented lia , that i had the time , energy , and the funds to get more involved in the areas you mentioned .
i know you have several other areas of research in mind , ben , said alfred , but i d like you to focus on implanting a v10x in an hs .
he had nine lives , a gut of steel , and nothing seemed to be outside his area of expertise .
we were able to note a single weak area a blind spot along the north wall where patrolling guards left an opening , dead center of the wall .
* * * * * you ca nt learn to get around in your own line of work without learning a little something about the history of your own particular area of specialization .
the only area in which he truly excelled was the one area in which i had all but utterly failed finance !
the only area in which he truly excelled was the one area in which i had all but utterly failed finance !
` ` it 's off the subject , but in the area of alternate historywhich , after all , is what we 're involved withwhat if the greenlanders ' discovery of north america had been followed up ?
the one area where the brothers remained violent was towards other gangs who did not accept brazen 's leadership or rules .
although we have numerous areas of weakness here , our lack of intelligence prevents us from prioritizing which areas to address first with scarce resources .
although we have numerous areas of weakness here , our lack of intelligence prevents us from prioritizing which areas to address first with scarce resources .
the only area with an established framework is counterintelligence .
but the system he worked to was a thorough one , within the huge staff he had included amongst his personal assistants was a team handpicked by his father , they kept a close watch on the trends of the markets , researching all areas of the progress of braun media group and all of its subsidiaries and investments .
a fairly cloistered childhood riddled with grey memoryless areas .
i m going to be your intelligence guy with my specialized knowledge in the radiographic area .
the projects we worked on , as you could imagine , fell into the highly classified area .
i have heard others here say the magsync manipulates atoms on the molecular level , in this nano area .
elders , the : the governing body of the exiled kindred , made of thirteen men and women who are responsible for distinct areas of kindred society .
as the senior civilian executive in the department , her role was to represent the army and the deputy chief of staff in the development and coordination of policy in the areas of intelligence gathering , personnel training , weather , imagery , and geospatial intelligence .
for those who do not , my military profession is in the area of intelligence .
tomorrow morning i want to start one - on - one meetings , so that each of you can familiarize me with your areas of responsibility .
she jogged first to the first - stage challenge in the projectiles theme ; that was an obvious place to start , she was so confident that it would be her strongest area .
thank you for your extra effort in this area , the professor smiled grimly .
there are adjustments in three distinct areas .
you said there are adjustments in three distinct areas .
at 43 , he calculated that he still had a decade or so before that area of his life would be as important to him as fulfilling his dreams .
there were two specific areas of the 20th century exhibition andy wanted to see .
he tried not to look up , only concentrating on the area he was working on .
it works out wonderfully that you fall into the area of the children 's birthdays for we combine the three and have one big party .
the lab itself is divided into two areas : research and testing .
he had been rutting around , making lots of noise as he did what he liked to do the most ; which was to put his nose into areas other little creatures had left behind as junk .
the psychic healer turned out to be really quite an expert in many areas of folk medicine .
he hoped shed allow herself to direct her mind to the new areas that would need her now .
she went out of her way to initiate discussions in his hearing that unfavorably compared the effectiveness of military action with her area of expertise , international trade law .
this is more her area than mine , if she s a believer .
so i , as a good viewer of television , bought the story they were selling which led me to ignore the new geek - like field of computer engineering which was just a fledgling degree when i started my six years of higher education and instead focused on the tried and true field of liberal arts which gives the young student a nominal understanding of many differing areas and an expertise in none .
i was caught in the strange area where what your first instinct tells you to do is the exact thing your second instinct tells you not to do .
well , we ve discussed this area before young man , and at length .
in this area i knew i needed to concentrate hard in order to be in with any chance of beating him .
incidentally , not once before ians arrival was i aware i possessed any personal skills in this area .
i ve studied that magnificent lady much myself , but then sam , you have access to various other areas we do not .
training had compromised many areas : thinking on ones feet , stealth , camouflage , using available terrain to my advantage , how to take in a scene quickly and avoid making wrong decisions .
thanks for sharing ian , but i have work ... further more intensive studies will have to be carried out in these areas , you understand ?
melissa challenged for full matriarch of the entire clan and was awarded the honor because shed been responsible for combining the three areas of employment so valued by the clans under one roof ; a private - public prison pumping petroleum employing convicted labor to perform the service .
like bradleys parents , the parents of huang fus were serious about his studies , and , like bradley , he was on top of their class in many areas .
the treasure hunting , the time they spent in southern africa , which was not their usual area of expertise , and those two years of upset in the house .
he wanted to know about my research in the area .
i m afraid i do nt have any skills in that area .
he was working into a new area .
tessie came out of her daze and looked over at toni as if she had seen a ghost and said , oh my god toni , i just created a poem , and you know that i have no talent in that area .
and in some areas we are very different .
oh well , i suppose well have to investigate another area .
in the area of food , he was a victim of food daltonism .
in the area of love , he was presently making first steps .
i am a master of disaster in the cooking and baking area , as well .
then she came back to her main area of interest : -can you show me this light again ?
some of us are involved in this area , healing people .
men have to be able to command some level of skill in three very distinct areas : 1 . )
colleagues covering all other areas of life for a daily newspaper comparatively look down on reporters of the world of sport , gauging the 365 - day coverage itself as elementary .
the girl was a nuisance and needed a fully trained soldier as her own guard ; though it was nt that she had no power , she did nt have enough for a talent in any of the four areas .
stanton turned it over in his mind , he had never asked questions in that area himself , why ?
so , mopp suits in that area .
gordon counted to ten while envisioning a more fitting area of equine anatomy .
though dan is an exceptionally good person in most areas , when it comes to the aspect of superstitions he is at an extreme end .
also my classes are all in one general area of the school .
and sometimes possessing such an ability may mean you are vulnerable in other areas , but make no mistake she glanced around at them all .
and as he was uneducated , nina could nt even talk about her area of study , which she learned from her pupils hired by simard polchinski .
it seemed that in whatever area of endeavor it was , elbow work was required to establish some elbowroom ; reputations had to be serviced and maintained .
since they were equally stubborn in defending their own areas of competence , this compromise was the best they could hope for .
this is his area of expertise .
our magics are quite strong in that area .
tattoo turned on the fast tablet and pulled up a three dimensional diagram of the first houses entire grounds to begin quickly pointing out areas of interest before going in detail of the castles structure .
dress was nt helpful in that area .
we are now going to move on to new areas that need improvement .
this is nt even close to my area of expertise .
what i want to do to you is to train you only in those areas that would benefit colonel brandywine .
i have heard others here say the magsync manipulates atoms on the molecular level , in that nano area .
if you re in shape , well try another area tomorrow .
alright , with the exception of some heavy - handed action in the area of prostitution as pointed out by caia the city continues to function without any increase in danger .
i work for the us federal government with some of the newest novel radiation technologist in the areas of high dose - rate and low dose - rate intensity modulated radiation therapy , a mouth full .
your project has something to do with those areas that we have discussed .
he would check out all his areas of investigation and see if anything was happening anywhere .
apparently myles hickman had n't tested his toy in this area .
now it can translate any language , taking us into uncharted areas , like my mind .
sir , i value your experience in this area .
not bad , kind of fits the area , i said .
i guess so , i said , unconsciously resisting his intrusion into this area , as usual .
chapter 11 despondent over his general lack of progress in all areas he had set for himself , particularly in learning about spirit power , chaiko found himself in a foul mood .
uh - oh , lana voiced , as she was a little more observant in this area than crow ; she had more of an idea what motivated ruba .
your skill in this area exceeds mine .
i hear the fishmongers wife is very skilled in that area .
not my area of experience .
as you know , this has long been an area of concern .
generally their area of interest revolved around gossip and g & ts .
i wish i could help you somehow , but shamans are not my area of expertise .
i , too , practice in the area of addiction .
though daniel considered himself well versed in many areas , from philosophy to supralight propulsion , he had to admit he knew very little about how the quantum refractor actually worked .
but there are many other areas in which knowledge of the aliens and their culture could prove invaluable .
vramileen technology , which lagged far behind humans in many areas , was uncomfortably close in the military spherevramileen ships and weapons were formidable indeed , and the discrepancies in some areas , such as armour plating and projectile weapons , were almost nonexistent .
vramileen technology , which lagged far behind humans in many areas , was uncomfortably close in the military spherevramileen ships and weapons were formidable indeed , and the discrepancies in some areas , such as armour plating and projectile weapons , were almost nonexistent .
the admiral was highly intelligent in many areas , and had ample knowledge in many fields , including electrical engineering , but he realized that this did not preclude the fact that trained experts almost always knew more about their specific field than he did .
well , they do tend to look down on unauthorized investigations , especially of top secret areas .
chaslean - humans are very ... passionate in different areas of our bodies , he said , smiling .
then victor got serious and explained that if the kids , eliza in particular , felt knotted up in that area , to come to him immediately no matter what , and if he was at the factory they should call him night or day , so eliza got to calling him whenever she felt a pang of digestion awry or a gas pain from thinking too hard on it .
rather , you become fluent in all forms of combat , but focus on one area for mastery while your counterparts focus on others , making you an impenetrable force when you work in unison .
it is in these areas i hereby swear to pour myself , fully , for your growth .
so if you have complaints in anything other than those areas , ill be glad to hear them !
i d love to show ya around the shop , but i m still learning the area myself .
i was definitely wrong in that area , by a landslide !
you must show me your proficiency in the areas of combat and learn control before i dare thrust a weapon in your hand and tell you to ignite .
some times , the state governments or the government of india bought these reports to decide upon the areas of foreign investment .
although he did not have as much experience as some of them in matters concerning coe baba , he did have expertise in other areas , including leading men into battle .
i could nt imagine anyone wanting to date him , not that i had any experience in that area .
she thought they were wonderful , generous ideas , and they discussed particular aspects of each , and touched on areas where kate would be very helpful .
from my initial meeting with the elder enochia , i believe there are deep machinations in play about this area .
we were both influence witches , after all , and our skills did nt lie in those areas .
although he knew little of those areas , smythe would not let his ignorance show and kept his eyes narrow .
however , if more study is needed to determine the nature of the order in this area , i would be happy to provide any resources necessary to complete it .
the tight wool slacks he had worn for the joining ceremony had left him decidedly uncomfortable in that area far more times that day than he cared to admit .
plus , any more points in his good looks area and i d be acting likewell , this .
just make sure you take good care of him in the lovemaking area .
you re definitely superhuman in some areas .
surprised by the unexpected attention , i looked away , pretending that i 'd been distracted by something in the general area of the rehearsal room door .
he opened his eyes a bit but had a difficult time for he was in the area where wakefulness was an unwanted product .
you must place it in areas of weakness .
* * * the manner in which mother gresham dominated her area of the kitchen went beyond her physical presence , which was formidable enough .
the two women shared a glance of syrupy delight , confirming a private joke that was apparently an area of much joy for them .
he was not trained in magic , his skills in that area were weak .
right , and most of the business you conduct is in this area as well .
you ve got confidence in some areas that most others your age do nt .
he could nt sense his thighs at all , and all areas surrounding them felt frozen .
it was clearly the area he presided over , the area he took pride in .
it was clearly the area he presided over , the area he took pride in .
' i was thinking of bluff - we must bluff our way through , although bullshit is just as good a word and is your area of expertise , is it not ? '
' you lot should wait outside ; this is my area of expertise , ' the dwarf replied .
then there were the areas of life carey knew existed , but had never experienced herself ; well - dressed ladies attending court , knights being unhorsed in tournaments , pageants of pageboys and musicians .
this was the first area in which the dark wizard focused his strategic attacks .
well , as often happens , research in one area led to a discovery in another .
the sad experience was yet another area that brody and kate had n't ventured into together yet , and he was n't sure of the proper reaction .
neste thought about the other areas of her life .
you are right , warrior woman henrietta , you do have the sacred task of keeping magic , the witches , and your true identity secret , but you have several powerful tools to assist you in that area .
most of us elect to focus on the area of the spectrum we have chosen ourselves and to use that which our predecessor bestowed upon us as support .
there is a great deal of responsibility that comes with the territory and three of the most difficult spells to master are rooted in that area of the spectrum .
but then that area of the spectrum was nt solely about being sensitive to the emotions of others .
we can go long periods without and by focusing on areas of the spectrum where our talents are strongest , we do nt waste energy on spells were not personally suited for .
as the head of the family you should show wisdom , but in that area you fail miserably .
i would consider myself well - versed in that area , nob answered .
and , i would add , not too familiar with this area ?
to be honest , this is nt really my area of expertise .
well , this really is nt my area of expertise , so i m going to hand you off to someone far more qualified to treat you .
that s worked for you in other areas of your life ?
whether it be in areas of love , friendship , art , career , or especially writing , everyone deserves a second chance to improve on something important to them .
with respect mira vashni , i doubt there s much you can teach me in that area .
i wondered , i do nt normally work this area .
the goddess was nt so helpful in that area before , he recalled , why would that change now ?
conversations started loudly from all areas of the council .
his first area would be archery , which simply involved shooting five arrows and receiving a score for how close each one came to the center of the target .
the score of each was based on how well the three observing judges thought he excelled in the areas of balance , footing , defense , attack , and overall technique ; winning was not so much the goal as showcasing ones skills .
although the privilege of judging and exiting the mistakenly materialized lies beyond his area of competence , sub - prefect antoine marchini is strongly tempted to earn good points by short - circuiting the chain of command , undoing the latest and most outrageous blunder of his superior , prefect daubier de hautecloque .
elevator maintenance , like so much else , lies outside my area of competence , retorts sub - prefect marchini with his hair - trigger corsican touchiness .
transfer too lies beyond my area of competence , says sub - prefect marchini .
his metallic voice rings out above the uproar of chaos : the situation lies beyond my area of competence .
it was an area of expertise , of explicit joy .
she moved in closer to alex again to take a closer look at her biggest area of concern : alex 's left shoulder .
the thought of leena 's battery dying made amelia wonder if they were in the right area since leena 's gps would probably stop working with a dead battery .
in one area , queues of nethral were being fitted with cut - down versions of the same type of armour that kalocs men wore .
instead of being a single open rectangle like the church , the foundrys interior was uneven sections that alvito had dedicated to different specialized work areas .
he smiled , well , i m sorry to disappoint you , but we ve been staying out of that area .
perhaps under - utilised by my familys interests in that area .
you have perhaps made progress in that area , as well .
furthermore , his sense of the third law dwarfed even lyghts skill in the area he pulled off absurd run - jump combos without even changing his environment .
this may be more your area of expertise ; what s that huge pulsing that s been going on since we got here ?
` ` there are a lot of theories as to why that is , but its not my area of expertise .
adan proved a far better student in the area of concentration than jace , which was not surprising as he had always been the thoughtful , level - headed one of the pair .
by the time they trotted into the clearing where adan and baye had secreted themselves , adan had proved himself an excellent student , at least in that particular area .
as to my current area of interest , your companion here has intrigued me upon the topic of blood magic .
he is going to wish he wore armor in that area , the short man thought .
before lunch , he was gone : , both he , this man , professor brad campbell , which turned in the course of the conversation into major campbell ... that title seeping , leaking as the conversation went on into nuanced areas of projects which could not be named with hints of unnamed titles bestowed by unnamable organizations kept secret for clearly unnamable reasons of national security .
explain the synergies of working together and collaboration in all areas of life .
my father permitted me to have a small say in a few of the areas .
she would delve into some very private areas of her life , freely sharing them with me and momma - c. and , i was completely immersed .
i m really not trying to get you in troublei promise then , why do you keep asking me to get you into restricted areas that could get me fired ?
combed through what she could of world folklore i do nt remember much about it , but i think it was smack dab in your dad 's area of expertise so he lectured her .
well , said 703 , making a tiny shrug , its not exactly my area of expertise , now is it ?
do you compete with others in those areas ?
as you know , i have done some work in this area myself .
yes , you need to learn how to destroy your object , but time also needs to be spent in other areas .
oh ummm , he is probably working out of that area .
if you ask me , do you have any idea about in which areas we are creative ?
my own small abilities in the area of healing are not needed . ''
it is too vital an area to be ignored . ''
soon , the police assigned to us had other jobs in other areas of the police force until they were needed for faerie duty , as it came to be called .
` ` when we ' ve solved this one , if i ' m still alive and still have the carte blanche in this area , i 'll call you , and we can talk about you coming down .
` ` the goddess saw fit to give each court dominion over different areas of fertility , '' hawthorne said .
his lanyard shone with beads of semiprecious stones rather than cheap glass , and lay heavily on his chest with multiple representatives of all six colors - one for each area of furycrafting : red , blue , green , brown , white , and silver .
` ` they included such areas of knowledge as military tactics , strategic doctrine , philosophy , political mechanics , and engineering without the use of furycraft . ''
the masks he had worn , delicate porcelain facades that guarded him , had begun to crumble in different areas .
i ' m not as accomplished in other areas .
we were dealing with one of those interpersonal areas that made me uncomfortable , particularly because there was an unexpected element of truth in them .
there were a few from other areas of her social and academic worlds , including one of her at the prom .
while it was not unheard of for a crafter - especially a scion of the citizenry - to be gifted in several areas of craft , it was exceedingly rare for anyone but the upper tiers of talent to possess skills that ran the entire spectrum of furycraft .
` ` in a highly personal area . ''
` ` i hate to break it to you , but if he 's interested in your highly personal areas , he probably is n't interested in your sister 's . ''
when i joined the guys , they were already eating what looked like excellent homemade tamales , and i have some experience in that area .
skimming , i ignored the irrelevant areas of study , like pyromancy and divinations .
` ` i know , stonework is n't the same thing , but you ' ve always told me that any application of one area of furycraft carries over toward different uses of the same gift . ''
they originally formed to execute children who 'd turned , but over the decades they acquired more power and branched out into more experimental areas .
` ` it 's an area of magic , '' he says .
i ' m not much good at fighting , but let 's see how i fare in other areas .
verence felt the conversation had orbited back to that area where he could make a contribution .
` ` fairly good fit , '' she said , defying shawn to point out that in certain areas there was quite a lot of air between the metal and magrat .
there must have been a very delicate area of instability very close .
in certain specialized areas it was the largest .
these areas mainly had to do with the regrettable brevity of human life and the means of bringing it about .
this was an area in which he did not feel comfortable .
like many men whose testosterone had always sloshed out of their ears , the horde had never fine - tuned their approach to the more complex areas of sexuality .
this was back in the area they understood .
she 'd happily give way to granny 's expertise in the worlds of mind and magic , but she felt very strongly that there were some more specialized areas that were definitely ogg territory , and granny weatherwax had no business even to know what they were .
he hoped that the spell was somewhere in the area of the headache and really suffering .
10 thinking up good names was , oddly enough , one area where leonard quirm 's genius tended to give up .
of course he 'd patrolled certain parts of the shades in his time - the ones where young ladies tended to hang around without very much to do , and probably catching cold too - but those areas of police work that in other places might be of interest to a vice squad now tended to be looked after by the guild of seamstresses themselves .
' that is one area where , i regret to say , prejudice has some evidence on its side .
' i would n't know about that , thur , ' said igor , who in fact had the aforesaid very strong doubts in that area .
there is no way i should be able to walk through walls and live outside time and be a little bit immortal , but i am , and so this is not an area where logic and , let 's face it , basic biology have any part to play .
' i person'ly never had any problems in that area , but i ' ve been at a lot of births when it 's all new to the girl and she 'll be frightened as hell and when push comes to shove , if you take my meaning , old midwifery term , she 'll be yellin ' and swearin ' at the father and i reckon that she 'd give anything to be somewhere else .
but the thieves ' guild had recognized that girls were at least as good as boys in all areas of thieving - he had , for example , fond memories of his classmate steff , who could steal the small change out of your back pocket and climb better than an assassin .
' i mean , technic'ly i could see we 're in that area where the prince gets brought up as a swineherd until he manifests his destiny , but there 's not that many swineherding jobs around these days , and poking hogs with a stick is not all it 's cracked up to be , believe you me .
they had strict rules , which they followed quite honourably , and this was fine by vimes , who , in certain practical areas , had no rules whatsoever .
' only i heard that mrs content was a bit worr- ' ' igor , there are some areas where ... look , do you know anything about ... women and babies ? '
we do what needs doing , we work in , er , unpopular areas and i suspect we both draw the line somewhere .
he cleared his throat and said , ' if you ' ve got a problem in that area , sarge , mrs colon 's got a wonderful medicine she- ' ' i wo n't be long , ' said vimes .
two grins was a kind of genius in that limited area .
reg was only stupid in certain areas , and now he looked as though he was going to cry .
and romance is an area where i can not offer much advice . ''
a long way out in the dark gulfs of interstellar space , one single inspiration particle is clipping along unaware of its destiny , which is just as well , because its destiny is to strike , in a matter of hours , a tiny area of rincewind 's mind .
not for the first time in his life , he felt that there were whole areas of human experience that had passed him by , if areas could pass by people .
not for the first time in his life , he felt that there were whole areas of human experience that had passed him by , if areas could pass by people .
' i believe i am well served in that area , ' said tomjon smoothly .
said granny , who was n't used to acting like an old woman and had a very limited repertoire in this area .
his small size gave him a natural advantage in those areas of the craft involving narrow spaces .
he half - saw , half - sensed the flicker of random images , of dragons , of the mythical age of reptiles and - and here he felt the dragon 's genuine astonishment - of some of the less commendable areas of human history , which were most of it .
the different northland and southland orders of monks were among his several areas of expertise .
but when it came to actual power ... wel , that was one area the good overlord never tested junius on .
` ` wars are my area . ''
this takes us into a whole new area . ''
the campus could have easily been mistaken for some small , fancy , private school , but i doubted the areas of studies matched other school 's curriculums .
` ` does that differing come from all of your extensive experience in those two areas miss dawson ? ''
i ' ve bookmarked a couple areas you might find compelling , '' he said , turning to leave .
he 'd been all but forced into a new area of training for him for a girl who 'd broken his brother 's heart .
but the processes by which this linguistic state was achieved were no doubt as complicated , differing in pace , mode , and effect , in different areas , as were those of the subsequent process , which has at length achieved a result which 2,000 years hence might be generalized in almost the same terms , though referring to the spread not of ' brittonic ' but of english .
that may be due , as is usually assumed , to the fact that latin eventually occupied most of the areas of celtic speech within the knowledge of germanic peoples .
his gift in that area is far greater than any i ' ve encountered . ''
the great outdoors was the one area where she skewed solidly chick .
we have some really lovely benefits in that area . ''
i felt a tinge of creepy voyeurism as i clicked on the area , though you would think that after years of facebook i would be desensitized to the overall ick factor of spying on people .
i had to admit it helped - we never wasted too much time in one space , and we were always in the most opportune areas , but there was a learning curve all the same .
he had expected his agents to have had some difficulty with the more lupine areas of angua 's ancestry , but it turned out that mountain wolves took quite a lot of interest in that sort of thing as well .
whatever the brother - drexell , his name was - had done , i realized it was no concern of mine , and that the search for the whereabouts of baby parish was not up to me and not in my area of expertise ... unless the baby was dead .
after all , bodies were my area of expertise .
david , still held by the previous command , could n't act , and this was so far outside of my area of expertise that there was nothing i could even think to say , much less do .
i may be smaller naturally , but overall my family 's resourcefulness has given me an edge in that area .
to think of all the areas in your life where you 're still perfectly functional . ''
the only alternative was the one they were employing : keeping their lips zipped and hoping the conversation would move on to safer areas .
they were incredibly inventive in that area .
started out way down the ladder as the goddess of things that get stuck in drawers , but the talk in the religious pages was that she was being tipped for goddess of lost causes , a very profitable area , very profitable indeed for a man with a flexible approach but , and he sighed inwardly , it was not such a good idea to do business when the god in question was active , in case anoia got angry and found a new use for a fish slice .
and now you 're going to have to run to keep up ... mr slant was certainly having trouble in that area .
` ` regardless , the ploy failed - many of the nobility only wear wood painted to look like metal , and the terris managed to weather the lord ruler 's discontent in this area .
many keepers have a particular area of interest - mine is religion - but we all remember the entire collection .
this was the one area of noble culture she had n't wanted to confront .
this was more vin 's area of expertise .
` ` and you have proven that you can not be trusted in the area of personal grooming . ''
i give you some small aid in the area of government because it is my duty to train leaders in knowledge of the past .
` ` his majesty has different areas of scholarship ; pre - ascension history may be too stuffy a topic even for him .
` ` i seem to have a talent in that area . ''
i warned you of my ignorance in this area .
and even that area of livability was shrinking .
even though engineering was n't an area he particularly enjoyed , the truth was , he 'd much rather study - no matter what the topic - than do anything else .
` ` sazed , '' breeze said frankly , ` ` how is it you can be so wise in so many areas , yet be so completely stupid about this ? ''
` ` then , '' sazed said , ` ` perhaps you know that every keeper has an area of specialty .
in this one area , elend continually felt impotent .
` ` divide areas of authority between tasks of peace and tasks of war , '' doroga corrected her .
that was the truth , but it was n't the truth inside the truth , and this was an area where she did n't want to do any sidestepping .
` ` i am not sure , but she has been very clear on her plans in this area . ''
by wording it that way , he implied that she had been unclear about her plans in other areas .
both areas had turned out to be completely irrelevant to my job , though lara swore having a web site would drive up our business .
hmm ... yes , this area may work better than i 'd hoped . ''
within a few minutes , i discovered that subject area was even more limited than i 'd suspected .
human nature liked showing superiority in areas of expertise , and a teaching relationship provided lots of alone time together .
too bad she did n't channel her intelligence into more useful areas , i thought .
` ` if you want something more substantial in this area , it 'll cost you .
it might look a little weird if a bookstore manager knew more about an area of study than someone who had made a career out of it .
most community colleges did n't even have linguistics departments , though almost all had at least one introductory class taught through some other related area - like anthropology or humanities .
all mistakes in that area are mine and mine alone , but his input kept them to a minimum .
neither of them had anything to be ashamed of in that area .
her panic folded up and disappeared , but the remaining adrenaline from their ordeal was stirring excitement in other far more pleasurable areas .
` ` but old books are n't my area of expertise .
bram 's abilities in this area may require touch , but anyone with a true telepathic ability now knows that you have the book of doomsday .
` ` we 'll talk later in that area , though i think we ' ve kept each other up to date .
the original documents are now all public record so if you 'd like i can bring you to that area and you can look for what you 're interested in . ''
peter was not , ordinarily , much of a bowman - in that area , at least , thomas would turn out to be far superior to his older brother - but on that one day , peter had shot the junior course of targets like one inspired .
this section of your father 's book is definitely the area we should be focusing on .
i am socially inadequate in the whole area of doin ' anything ! '
in the area of worry , he had tended to be the cause rather than the recipient .
you had to know that i had her sometime , and it seemed to be a good time to press my advantage in that area .
does n't make her more powerful , necessarily , because she 's deficient in other areas .
` ` i can not , '' laurence said , ` ` and i doubt o'dea or shipley could do so , either ; and while i admire your gifts in this area greatly , my dear , i can not allow you to suggest that you might form an understanding of a language of which you have never heard a syllable . ''
he has a gift in that area , i think . ''
few aiel themselves saw the work the wise ones did in a dozen different areas .
our poor intelligence in this area lowers my eyes , highest daughter .
` ` this is hardly my area of expertise , mat , '' aludra said .
` ` i doubt there is much in that area that is relevant . ''
she would have to recover him before he could help her in that area .
` ` each time i tried to learn an area , something went wrong .
` ` it would be foolish not to admit aes sedai expertise in these areas , '' amys said carefully .
she wove water , spirit and air into a healing , but she was far from talented in this area .
it was once an area of curiosity to me .
` ` we might not have unravelled the mysteries of the grady genes , but our research has led to breakthroughs in other areas .
we 're already a major force , but when we move into areas of supernatural energy , we 'll be in a class of our own . ''
they knew things about our history that astonished us , and they had immense scientific knowledge in areas where more conventional scientists refuse to speculate . ''
and she wore it on her saturn finger - the finger of responsibility and security - which meant she wanted a boost in those areas .
apparently my own look told him that this was one area where i would n't budge .
she had steered the conversation into an area marcus had never wandered before .
that , doctor brearly , is because you re looking in the wrong area .
this was an area of sarah 's work i boned up for the project and i used it to draw her into talking about assessment .
late on a rainy friday afternoon , as erich moved along a row of shelves in the library replacing texts he had been reading , he noticed an odd assortment of medical journals and papers from past world conferences on research in eugenics and other scientific areas .
one speaker even suggested any supreme court be replaced by a council of wise elders taken from all areas of life , from religious leaders to artists to teachers .
hit perry in the one area where no conservative politician could bend : taxes .
culann spoke slowly looking bryan directly in eyes ` ` many of my students are enthusiastic , but they have little experience i feel in this area . ''
given our devolution in so many respects , one should never be too proud of advances in other areas , nor feel scorn for those who do the most basic types of labor , or for those , on whose shoulders we stand , who performed those feats every day for long decades .
as a result , collaboration in this area , in contrast to the ukraine or lithuania , had no programmatic content .
in writing about why african states failed , richard dowden , the leading journalist specializing on the area , concludes the chief cause was the lack of a common nationhood in concocted countries created by forcing together hundreds of different societies with their own laws and languages .
and cuills and tadhgs knowledge lies in other areas .
she s interested in wild animals , but because they keep her to slave at the hearth , there s an area where you ve had more opportunity to learn .
there were areas he could nt enter into consciously .
this admission , this expression of fear snares jared because this is the area of his own vulnerability .
we have three professors in the u.s . history area .
my guess is you would challenge much of our thinking in the area , and that is overdue too .
as for brains , i think she stacks up pretty well in that area too .
having just been shown how a woman could have knowledge in so many different areas and then bring diverse information to bear on developing something that had n't been done before was like opening a deep raw wound in the psychological core fabric making him a man .
maximus was one of the best warriors and he was needed in the risk areas .
he was especially interested in this area .
heres an area of his expertise .
with your influence with the hituptah priests , judging by your ability to smuggle me into their secret ritual , she said with a smile , that you might see what you can do in this area .
written in the words of those who were there , from the 1940s through to the present day , commandants , members of staff , detainees , military escorts , padresand visitors have shared their own experiences to create a unique history that sheds light on an almost unknown area of military life .
there would be no more dilly dallying in areas of compromise , for he was charting his own course , and as a result everything seemed significant .
you 're a good advisor to me in the areas of philosophy and history .
she had even helped him to read a little better , even though he did nt need much help in that area .
you seem to have a real keen interest , and , i think , a knack for this area '' .
i trained first as a generalist so i could work in many different settings and could do some therapy , but i kept neuropsych as my primary area of expertise .
what we need to do is probably not like anything you ' ve ever done before , but basically i ' m going to do a variety of different tasks with you while trying to figure out what areas you have strength and what areas you might need more help in , okay ? ''
what we need to do is probably not like anything you ' ve ever done before , but basically i ' m going to do a variety of different tasks with you while trying to figure out what areas you have strength and what areas you might need more help in , okay ? ''
trying to keep her nervousness hidden , tatum mentioned her training at u of illinois , her areas of clinical training and research , the names of her supervisors .
we definitely need some more expertise on these areas . ''
they seem to be a bit touchy about that area for some reason .
this was one area they were not to meddle with .
this area does nt require your attention .
the other main areas of army training are practising with small unit tactics and the basics of war survival .
to be honest , i ' m looking forward to that process because i remember that book as a strong positive step forward in the areas of plot complexity and character development .
that led into a comedy routine specifically tailored for this area .
i guess this area has competition , i jested and it was all smiles .
when it was clear he had lost this particular round of the domestic battle , like a petulant child determined to have his own way in at least one area of his life , erchie said : aye , ah hear ye , mither .
so now firmly believe , that in those distinctly vital areas , nothing is going to go wrong .
i felt sorry for any other patient in that area .
you americans have a special skill in that area .
however i have not read into this area , so others would be better qualified to answer than i am .
my senses are stronger in other areas .
i am certain that you are not the law in this area , so i am not bound to answer your question .
i am not sure whether i am going to pay them or not when the time comes , though it might not hurt to have some compatriots in this area should the need arise .
in addition to strong continuing interests in a wide variety of areas of statistical philosophy , techniques and application , tukey was active in improving the access of the scientist to scientific literature , particularly through the development of citation and permutation indices to the literature of statistics and probability .
to continue , further research into this area shows that the area of ongs hat was a popular weekend spot for the various princeton math and science groups and has been used in a histiographic metafictional sense in this very context by neal stephenson , in his seminal work , cryptonomicon , as i already mentioned .
by a paradox of history , their poverty and obscurity forced them to narrow the scope of their research to precisely those areas which would ultimately produce concrete results pure math , and the mind simply because these areas were relatively inexpensive .
by a paradox of history , their poverty and obscurity forced them to narrow the scope of their research to precisely those areas which would ultimately produce concrete results pure math , and the mind simply because these areas were relatively inexpensive .
to settle this question a fourth generation of the egg was evolved and tested , while simultaneously a burst of research was carried out in the abstruse areas of hillbert space and the topology of n - dimensional geometry , on the intuitive assumptions that new attractors could thereby be generated and used to visualize or grok the transitions between alternate universes .
his past areas of renegade research involved pleasure dome technologies , quantum tantra ( the egg yoke method ) , time and dimensional travel theories , and gelatinous substances .
your skills may lie in other areas but your one hell of a hunter .
its doubtful in this case , though , because you were facing the leader in that area .
the family : 3.5 - z organisation - zz -- 30 -- a cult based in this research area .
organisations the family a cult based in this research area .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
i understand domestic issues are nt your area of expertise , but if you called a fellow officer who specializes in such disputes i ca nt help you .
we do n't need you probing into areas that are n't meant for you . ''
animals should be included in the exact same study , in the exact same areas .
also , though the slough are intelligent , she probably would have begun to outshine them in that area , too .
how many bands of professionals you think are there in italy dedicated to this area of crime ? ''
the man said to his wife as he turned around to look once again in the area the medium was pointing .
he had felt the tug before , every time he visited his grandparents he d listen to them casually talking about what a blessing jesus had done for them in certain areas of their life .
he felt weak and vulnerable when his thoughts went into this dark area of his mind .
i 'll have to sweep the same areas all over again , but what i ' m concerned about is the look on his face .
she said i knew an awful lot for not having experience in that area .
frankie felt nervous beneath his overly attentive gaze , his imposing physical presence suggesting this was not a person given to understanding the grey areas of right and wrong , especially when it pertained to already deceased loved ones .
that was one area where he felt totally inferior to rita .
you have got to concentrate on using the areas you have authority in and using that against him .
this is my area of authority because i have purchased the land in the physical , human plane .
roland helped me in this area .
and , in this area , roland helped me by keeping silent .
his particular area of interest , his obsession really , has to do with artifacts concerning the occult .
he loved debating arcane and esoteric areas of logic and mathematics with his colleagues , constantly sharpening the wits .
guns drawn was a grey area that grippa was willing to argue later .
i try to focus on the area and not on her .
the information she let slip enabled him to narrow down the area of search .
after that conversation , lily had welcomed his thoughts in this gray and largely metaphysical area of belief and listened carefully to cases comments .
case smiled , mindful of his inflexibility in this area and remembering his mission .
despite his inflexibility in some areas , vianney was said to have helped thousands of souls , counseling , encouraging and hearing confessions , sleeping only a few hours a day perhaps , case thought , he should accept the taunts and personal attacks as a sign that the devil viewed him as a threat .
i thought that was my area of specialization wait , let me show you what it is , said hari and typed half sari in google in his system and clicked on images .
you know what ; i see a lot of areas where you need to work upon and improve , vijay said mimicking gopal .
we were rouge scholars , really -- shedding light for ourselves on areas in which only shadows existed to those far more savvy than we were expected to be .
i know of people , studied people , who are now considering the possibility that education , specifically a western style education , while enhancing our ability to think in some areas actually hinders or retards some kind of intuitive process in us .
i mean the person who s really super smart in a few areas but is completely inept when it comes to the social ins and outs of life that we all take for granted .
but as the waking world and the dreaming world are often incompatible in the area of memory i could nt fathom why it had produced such a powerful sense of dj vu .
renewable energy was his area of concentration in school .
two , he s a stripper , which has sort of encouraged his natural tendencies in this area .
we always wanted each other ; sex had never been our problem area .
there had been a few things that nathaniel wanted that i could n't , or would n't , try on myself because the pain level was too high and i did n't heal like he did , but asher had taken more than one for the team in that area , until even he had called no mas , and nathaniel had still not gone to his limit on pain with us .
he was one of those guys who spend their high school time majoring in smoking area .
she 's a little insecure in that area . ''
` ` we did n't learn as much from this body , from him , because it was claws , and that 's my area .
maybe in this one area he was , through sheer lack of experience .
the answer , which had come back in 6.6 seconds , was : 3 years probable malfunction next two weeks .009 % areas of probable malfunction bearings 38 % main motor 16 % all other 54 % .
in fact , he said it might just generate some publicity that would help in a number of areas : stark 's backlist , thad 's own backlist - ' ' all two books of it , ' thad put in with a smile .
now , all our psychics have some area of expertise .
we had never touched each other in any area that was considered sexual .
` ` it is an area of politics i am unprepared for , '' rafael said .
` ` but the human servant bit , that 's an area they have n't covered in the federal regulations . ''
and callie has definitely stepped in in that area .
we are pointing out areas that you may have overlooked .
charles and madame petrovsky did several sances with us to narrow down our area of investigation .
that was until i showed him after only a couple weeks that certain items were not worth the effort and that his profits would increase if we concentrated on those areas and items that displayed marketability .
i reflected upon my original thoughts regarding the changes affecting all areas of my life in the last four weeks .
looking down at the note pad before me on the table , i saw listed several areas of concern in no particular order of importance .
you re getting into the area of high finance .
` ` i was born in lost secret , '' he muttered , ` ` i do n't want to be considered a typical resident , but i am lacking in some areas .
so she was in a tough spot ; not a villain in the same sense that the pseudo frenchmen were , which was one area i did agree with emma on .
they were particularly losing out in the hard water areas where the design almost ensured a breakdown the minute any calcium started to form .
tony realised he had moved into an area of danger and cursed himself for giving in to the sales office persona .
he said he could run the office and see to all the details of the area such as vehicle maintenance and repair and acting as a go between with the agencies that the clients came from .
they interact with the other main characters personalities when both are used one at a timemain characters will always be seated next to each other , with personalities walking up to the persons right and talking to each other about their area of expertise .
do nt feel bad , abby , you just do nt have experience in the areas they work in .
even though there was a bit of dissention in the ranks everyone could agree that that since he was nt dead and clearly should be , his safety was clearly out of their area of expertise and they may as well get him on his way so the crowd of people who had been hovering would go away and the streets could get back to normal .
but sex was nancy 's area of expertise .
so old kyle was a late bloomer ; so late in some areas , his literary skills had yet to sprout .
as a result of his creativity , the chamber now was looking exactly as if it had been abandoned for about a century , and then cleaned by a bunch of irritated , blindfolded servants ordered around by an old , short - sighted man whose only area of expertise was protocol .
it was the one area of communication not intently scrutinised .
the science cabinet asked for permission to raise revenue through the arts and media - currently a very popular area due to constant breakthroughs in communication following decades of censorship .
her proportions in that area were bound to only bloom larger and fuller and thus add to her physical perfection when she entered womanhood proper , although one could only hope that she would stay perky and never devolve into an undulating milch - cow of over conspicuous cleavage .
we 're trying to highlight problem areas in pagan religions that we feel denigrate the ancient religions they 're supposedly modeled on and denigrate modern worshippers who have put more thought and effort into constructing their own religion .
but he had dumped me in an area that was completely alien to me .
bella was witty and full of wonderful ideas , immaculately deft at the essential fine details in all the areas concerned with celebrating the mid - winter festival .
when head office subsequently informed him that he would be moving more into the area of capacity building projects , he had decided enough was enough and told them he was off to prague , and that they knew how to contact him if they wanted him .
` ` i merely inquire as to your area of expertise , sir , and you give me nothing !
we are seeking a person of high potential for exciting work at the forefront of production - oriented research in this fast - moving area .
ken tore down the stairs , and dashed outside to look at the side of his house in the area of her room .
i measure time , gravity and space fluctuations in this area .
i told her that the last few months have been very wearing for me , and that i was considering disbanding the structure of the cause , and this was making me very upset because , there was still so much good to do in other areas .
unfortunately , my own area of magical expertise had never come out in any of my training the way it usually does for most apprentices ; just the usual collection of apprentice disasters happened as we tried out magics i was n't suited for .
i figure attorneys try way too hard in most areas of their lives .
he had a team for each area of law .
it just is n't in areas we were never responsible for to begin with .
she left that same area of exploration in him unexplored for the time being , sensing that anything below his chin might set off the second carthaginian war .
a wendell is very adept and/or talented in certain areas that are related to adultbedroom activities and who also has a large selection of female companions for the aforementioned adult bedroom activities from which to choose on any given occasion .
checking his tie and cufflinks in the rear view mirror and trying to snap himself into the zone , dave knew that his secret was safe and that he could continue to wear the mask of success in every part of his life , even those areas where he was arguably not even taking part .
dave felt momentarily relieved that he d chosen to excel in areas that were far more profitable in life .
had tim had the benefit of more time or more information , then he d have realised that a firm specialising in as many areas as cec services did , would have a multitude of resources available that were probably as good as kipto .
i did a lot of research in this area , and all the guys i asked said they always wear jocks under their board shorts because they chafe .
this is not a productive area of discussion .
unless you ( i do not mean gabriel ) have knowledge of an area that begs further attention i believe we are ready to start the countdown .
i really should be getting back to my own area .
` ` no , our interests are not aligned , right now , '' said clarity , who was thinking about how good another night with money fact would feel , being taught new insights about specific areas of pleasure .
` ` precisely , i know , from sensual brigade sources that this plane is a surveillance plane , not just a fashionable commercial jet , and central intelligence , sensual brigade , right of way division , wants to ensure no surveillance takes place in this delicate commercial area involving oil production and trade , because we need the energy until renewable energy sources are produced efficiently .
while , in many areas the game still seems to be holding its own in some sort of diminished state , it too has progressed in some interesting ways .
women are in the drivers seat in one particular area that men care about infinitely more than they do .
i saw a sign on the wall behind him that promised service with a smile , and i wondered if his training in that area had perhaps been neglected .
stirg applied his talents in international law in other areas too , around the world .
i explained to her that i do n't have much experience in this area and that the vast majority of the cases i have worked have involved cheating spouses or theft .
this went through several permutations on the color wheel , such as navy is the new black or brown is the new black , and eventually was extended to areas other than fashion .
thinking back , i can remember towards the end of my first year of doing a - levels , an opportunity arose to add in some supplementary learning in the new area of computer science in the second year .
but , and heres the but ; it can be overdone and in many areas it is being .
the center for underground strategic and symbolic affairs , as it was called , was a division of the science & technology area of sensual intelligence , with a dotted matrix to the areas of special activities , mission managers and global access .
the center for underground strategic and symbolic affairs , as it was called , was a division of the science & technology area of sensual intelligence , with a dotted matrix to the areas of special activities , mission managers and global access .
the type of job they were looking to fill had absolutely nothing to do with my area of collegiate expertise .
you are really excelling in this area of the workplace .
jeffrey became the leader , even though it was n't his area of expertise , but professor werner adelbert was the principal investigator .
my specialty was english literature : a study area guaranteed to provide a significant handicap when looking for a job .
i was told that it was a very important dinner , and i would be asked to join a federation of businesses that had different expertise in certain areas and would come together when necessary for the common good of the federation .
in fact , the whole acquisitions area of the industry was an expensive folly , a power trip for managers , a flexing of the corporate muscles ; and with the bill being picked up across the board by customers .
yet , if it was possible for any area of their industry to have glamour , then acquisitions had it .
the following examples involve mainly psychiatry / neurology , my main area of medical specialist interaction ; i have plenty of similar type illustrations which i could present relating to cardiology .
of our united states ( kidding , i ' m actually more partial to that area lately ) .
academics frequently lack experience in important areas of human activity .
` ` you never know , those waddingtons might make spinoffs , perhaps go into other areas , such as books or movies . ''
thus it was , brubaker took charge of the preliminary details , because he 'd pointed out so many problem areas .
the method during my living years was encumbered in two main areas .
you are starting in the right area as far as recognising the disease is concerned , but the surgery you have in mind must be replaced by medication , not to attack the cells but to create an environment that they do not like ir suddenly felt wonderful .
it was an office weighed down with too many areas of responsibility for a head honcho obsessed with his own retirement .
when one suspects that conspiracy is all around , the cabinet , the party , the electorate , the media , one tries to head off further negativity in all areas when it is not necessary .
chapter 28 dimiscus fungi was briefed on the reasons behind the new shape of the cabinet , especially the merging of certain areas of control , but of course he heard nothing other than that his role was to disappear .
it would be fantastic if we can achieve this , said ir , i know there would be some areas of friction , but if were dedicated to fairness and flexibility it has a chance .
ir had given a weighting to each area discussed and there was no doubt that the councillors wanted to see crime tackled first , in a radical and robust way .
chapter 42 ir was trying to refine his sketchy model of central - local interface , which would hopefully work for all of the current areas of concern .
i ve studied law and have experience in legal matters , albeit more in the environmental area .
he was a tower of strength and shed had no trouble pouring her heart out to him well , he d asked her to , because the more he knew about her , he said , the better he could tip - toe around any area in her life that was best kept quiet about in court .
he remembered that his response time to crisis events was one of the areas that was felt to be in need of attention in his last performance review , so he acted quickly and sent an audio message to the teachers ear piece .
we can say nothing about what the atomic world is like ; we can make no absolute predictions ( if you do this , that always follows -- apparently hume got it right when he said that you can never say that for sure ) , and we have to live with a host of contradictions like wave - particle duality , which nobody can understand , let alone explain ( you can not imagine the number of experts working in this area alone ; its a regular cottage industry in physics ) .
the reason that string theories are considered the hottest area for current research is simple -- they explain gravity .
while there is no official scientific polling place , they informally poll the scientists who are considered experts in the area under question , and then go with the consensus of opinion .
however , it is the relative ease of learning this strain of echolocation , combined with the occasional hurdles , that makes it so fun for people to attempt education in this area .
most of the time , though , arguments were not occurring , and the porpoises were pooling their collective resources and abilities together to advance themselves in whatever areas suited their interests best .
j.p.s roommate is a radical feminist who takes a serious bent to all areas of j.p.s everydays .
i know how much you like to contribute in this area .
at five - foot - seven and a hundred and fifty pounds , my flab was only pronounced in particular areas of wrongness .
cm : its a whole area of question .
instead he let her lead him into areas she wanted to study .
i want each of you to look at your areas of operations .
well , benny started laughing , because , lets face it , that s very low for that area .
it will give our children more opportunities in the areas of science projects , arts , music and even the basic studies , he said .
i knew nothing of life overseas , nor the history of italians , spanish or portuguese , the three main areas i assumed her family has descended from , so it was down to god to play his hand in bringing about a natural turn of events that would help render the words decaying in the back of my throat .
yes , quite an unfortunate name considering his particular area of expertise .
he s somewhat familiar with the area you have in mind and i thought he might be helpful in answering your questions .
plus no lesson from hands - on experience in either area went unlearned .
in other words , its necessary to know the experiences of previous generations in the area of chiropractic because it is a pretty ancient and interesting profession .
we recorded all that he was saying and brought it to a professor , a historian , a great expert in this area .
nikolai andreevich sympathized with her and began to write down the addresses and surnames of the best experts in this area of medicine .
my area of concentration is the interaction between public policy and business policy .
see how this region is the same or different from some of the other problem areas .
over the years , as his decision - making skills at work became better and as marriage , home - owning and children had left few areas in his life where important decisions needed to be made , he had found himself becoming resistant to the same control by dilly that he once had craved .
i m in a bad area .
and , as beth finds more areas of mikes life that she feels need guiding , mike himself has become less convinced of her good intentions .
they had to be young professionals , like physicians or scientists , or college professors in theology or philosophy , or research in that area .
he identified areas with the greatest expenses , as well as the boundaries and responsibilities of the various departments and administrative units .
he knew that when a business expanded or shrank , each area of the manufacturing process needed substantial changes .
he also knew that this was the time when the inevitable miscommunication and poor coordination could occur between the different areas of the enterprise causing the business limp on both legs .
can you think of a single area of my life that i should nt be angry about ?
my programs emphasis was rehabilitation counseling , which was the only area i really had any interest in .
i was close to being done , but there were still some areas to smooth out .
she s kind of nutty in this area .
i never had a problem with accepting that there are some folks who can work miracles , or affect reality in ways science does nt quite have a bead on yet ; i did a lot of reading in college about psychic phenomena and the fascinating government and military research done in this area , and about documented native american shamanic healings , things like this , and i had no problem accepting there were folks capable of this stuff- i just did nt see why people had to revert to baboon consciousness and deify them .
well , i ve been around a little longer than you , aaron , so maybe i have a bit of advantage in this area .
i was lax in that area , but that does nt mean i ca nt improve .
i would ve recruited lemus for his guidance in this area if i thought he had a cogent remedy to impart .
after following him through this opening , i discerned an area of study .
not wanting to be a burden in any way when he had first joined the team , khalis had worked at an even more exhausting pace than was his norm in order to get up to speed on things , especially in the area of team communications .
turner thought it was very likely that he was going to need the help of someone with some serious experience and expertise in the area of maritime and salvage law .
its actually pretty fun , except for the dirty areas lucas nodded , although something about henrys response forced a quick ray of opposition to pass by him .
there is also a prospect of us seeing eye - to - eye in some areas .
but in fact , our discussions have also provided me an opportunity to advance some of my own thinking in areas which have been profoundly important to me for many years , even decades .
i wish to be an authority on all areas of interest to mankind .
during the 17th century , european scientists did , however , make good progress in areas less hazardous to your health .
at that time , philosophy comprised all areas of speculative thought and included not only the arts , but sciences and religion as well .
later , as special methods and principles were developed in the various areas of knowledge , each acquired its own philosophical aspect , giving rise to the separate cognitive disciplines of art , of science , and of religion .
as with most areas of life , there s bad with the good , and although the good sophists made valuable contributions to greek thought , the group as a whole ( i.e. , the bad ones ) acquired a reputation for deceit , insincerity , and demagoguery , and this is where we get the word sophistry ( meaning false or insincere reasoning ) from .
there was the rise of a new commercial urban society ( the birth of the middle class ) , and the habit of the renaissance to develop new ideas in just about all areas of culture .
whereas , as i ve mentioned above , i believe philosophy may not be the best discipline for these efforts , many practitioners of feminist philosophy , environmental philosophy , and areas of contemporary political philosophy seek to use the tools of philosophy to resolve current issues directly related to peoples lives .
this general and universal schoolas seems to be a requirement these dayssoon divided into separate areas of specialization , such as biomedical ethics and business ethics .
and it grew worse for the church as the increasing secularization of society removed its control from other areas of civic life , especially education , which it had once wholly controlled .
in addition to laws pertaining to the five pillars , islamic law also covers such areas as diet , purity , marriage and inheritance , commercial transaction , relationships with non - muslims , as well as criminal law .
its an area of research i m curious about and a what ?
she was uncomfortably aware that her education in that area was sorely neglected and she resolved to start reading le monde every day and watching france2 news at night .
so unfortunately i have to make up for it in other areas .
she was becoming happier in other areas of lifeat school , with the girls , especially with dear tracy .
well , okay , in the other area of her life , because there was really only one .
so , rather than waste his skills in going to those areas that he s already analyzed , just to see what , in fact , is there , he s being used to his utmost in analyzing this area here , wherever we are , tammy replied contemplatively .
so you re disappointed ; nothing valuable in this area .
her language genius did not translate to genius in all areas .
real healing is , in my opinion , bringing consciousness to areas of ones life that one was not aware of before .
true , he could easily build a particle beam blaster , understand the properties of quantum gravity , build an anti - grav drive , teleportation system and work out godels theorem , but in all other areas his alienness became a handicap .
life is full of experience , and we have a mind to relate those experiences into many areas of our lives .
contrary to belief , in many areas of writing , research is not the central tool of the craft .
writing what you do nt know may be the secret to unlocking the area of writing you re best at .
he kicked off our new agenda with a list of key areas requiring guidelines : social security , medicare , private health insurance , requirements for brain transfers to artificial bodies ( an issue that i would nt vote on due to my financial stake in the decision ) , probate issues regarding cryonics , and lifetime issues such as life sentences for crimes , lifetime appointments for judges , copyright / public domain laws , etc .
with my degree in english llit tucked , metaphorically , under my arm ( my area of specialty was twentieth 20th ccentury british lliterature ) i headed to new york citywhere else ? with the aim of landing a job in publishing , figuring , naively , on walking into an assistant editorship at knopf or henry holt or farrar , straus & giroux .
in this area istronglyrecommend hiring professionals .
many tomes have been produced on these aspects or on the more debatable areas of quantum theory .
the fact that einsteins great work and that of the subsequent quantum theorists may at some stage be subsumed or even replaced by a completely new and broader theory does not absolve philosophers from trying to draw out the implications for these areas .
the question of why we are here transcends all areas of thought .
the young apprentice needs grounding in the areas of modern mathematics and physics not at the intensity of the science practitioner but at a level that enables him to understand the world he is about to enter .
i had spent the last decades trying to tease out the questions , amassing as much knowledge as possible in subject areas that were often quite foreign to me .
it is the fear of sounding naive that prevents people from asking the correct questions of some of the more radical theories that infest both areas of human thinking .
this is because our theory tends to be reductionist - leading to a cause and effect ontology that inevitably leads to the decomposition of reality to an area where we can not ask proper questions .
the religions of the world refuse to talk of these gray areas of human nature shoving them all into the category of sin and ascribing to them an external un - godlike body , the devil .
the unseen quantum entanglement - like associations of different areas of knowledge are inhibited by the hierarchal and isolationist approaches of most institutions .
the old idea of a liberal arts degree can be replaced by a degree that covers all the areas of knowledge with the express aim at giving some individuals a broad view of the world of knowledge as it now stands .
my further attempts to find an area of commonality came to nothing and i lurched away , back to my hostel , my mood in tune with the desolate evening sky .
he was having a go in the real estate area and on this night wore a floral shirt with white voluminous pants .
specifically dr davenport , in your country , is the application of hyperpeep ethical , given the current state of animal research in this area ?
work that has a strong connection to these areas , either literally or philosophically , has the best chance of acceptance .
however , he stilled believed ; she was not very receptive to some of the key areas of their relationship which he felt was crucial for the completeness of their union .
the boss had asked them to hold a meeting among themselves and list those areas in their respective fields which affected the work excellence and quality management .
the editor was told to change things in almost all areas of editorial business but even other departments had been asked to assess human resource issues and working system .
each year , the company set three profit levels and five targets in areas it deemed important : safety , attendance , customer satisfaction , regulatory compliance , and percentage of jobs completed on schedule .
now you would have thought that given all the above then the rules would have gained enough clarity to avoid areas of contention .
this lad must have identified an area of weakness .
i would write and erase , rewrite and erase again , with the goal of eventually rescuing myself from the two principal fears of all artists anonymity and mediocrity while at the same time i allowed all other areas of my life to spiral out of control .
this may well have had to do with the fact that they had both been orphans from a young age : somehow this had granted them both the privilege to see themselves as outsiders in any given context , and , in turn , to embrace a mutual empathy which arose amidst their unvanquishable sense of self - imposed isolation ; on the other hand , the nucleus of this shared sentiment may have been centered somewhere deeper and in a much less conspicuous area of human experiencein an area beyond , perhaps , even the grasp of language or memory .
this may well have had to do with the fact that they had both been orphans from a young age : somehow this had granted them both the privilege to see themselves as outsiders in any given context , and , in turn , to embrace a mutual empathy which arose amidst their unvanquishable sense of self - imposed isolation ; on the other hand , the nucleus of this shared sentiment may have been centered somewhere deeper and in a much less conspicuous area of human experiencein an area beyond , perhaps , even the grasp of language or memory .
to the profound joy of someand to the utter annoyance of othersthis spirit of cooperation concatenated itself with a most immodest kindness , the earnestness of which could sometimes prove tiring , perhaps even burdensome , for those cursed with a streak of impatience , who might , at times , view the excessive humility of others gestures as being symptomatic of some area of their characters which was evidently lacking , and which was now somehow being redressed and compensated for in a fashion needlessly demeaning .
we need to have y all in one area , he said and put his hand on my shoulder again .
she never was an iconoclast but kept her exclusivity very much afloat in all aspects and areas of her life .
as the user profiles drifted by , he spotted a code signature that looked promising : this user had sufficient system function access , adequate interaction with the higher - end user community and ability to navigate the more difficult areas of the system .
there was a dearth of technical support because , lucky suspected that was not an area which the locals sought as a profession .
she giggled inwardly when yushi indicated that his girlfriend was bigger in that area than japanese women .
she admitted that she had not acquired much knowledge in that area .
this was the significant area where she and peter parted company .
fanua said she would like to discuss it with her because she wanted to get a qualification in that area too .
issues such as clean water , solid roads , good education , employment , fair pay , affordable hospital treatment , and equal opportunity , are still areas open to development .
these marks sometimes inspire certain visions while david lies in bed waiting for frances to finish brushing her teeth ; but her tastes are more mainstream , and david feels that he d been able to satisfy her needs in that area even before they took the apartment .
i think if you focus on these three subjects , most of the issues around your values as they apply to other areas in your lives , will come out .
they will be experts in certain areas or witnesses to things they think they saw you do or say .
the poor guy must not have had time to sleep , handling all four areas of pittsburgh by himself !
they just build up their expertise in one area , and make enough contacts to generate leads .
it has become the area of adolescent childrens lives which adults love to discuss , in general terms , on oprah and the like .
john dewey , who seemed to rival sterling in the area of formidable memory , got it into his mind that the first saturday of each month would be sex day .
he generally probes his reasons for making the video , an area that ms . oconnor chose not to explore in depth .
case law in this area is not fully developed , as the internet is young and it takes some time for the legislature to pass laws relating to it and then for courts to interpret these laws .
he relies on public transportation , an area of expertise beyond sterlings reach .
susan dealt in the fuzzy areas : emotions , feelings , altruism and the like .
the simple conclusion he had reached : strong in memory , weak in visualization , sound and graphic / design areas .
we can look at your individual subtests and identify areas you can improve on .
you do nt know those areas that can be improved , just like i do nt know these areas in myself .
you do nt know those areas that can be improved , just like i do nt know these areas in myself .
accepting that my code is different , that leads me to three areas i should explore .
i do nt need any help along in this area .
he was very sad to realize that all his mastered areas probably were indeed not yet mastered ; he had learned facts and theories and acquired analytical tools , but he had nt built anything new with them .
unable to dissuade sara or drag her out from under sterlings spell , she suggested various strategies for dealing with someone as brilliantly stupid as her brother ; one technique was to ignore most of what he said and concentrate on any areas that might involve shame .
true worth lay in finer , less practical areas , in the art keith practised perhaps , most certainly in the art of picasso and his kin .
she gets her other homework done as quickly as she canher grades are fine in those other areas , so its not a problemand she s not neglecting her violin not yet , at least she plays the violin ?
in all her proposals she has concentrated on broadening the area of dtente .
sometimes they splurged for a tutor to help out , but with the government subsidies having run out in that area once he turned eight they were mostly on their own .
so you see if we are selfish , an equalitarian social philosophy is the anchor dragging down our liberty -- at least our liberty in the financial area .
they must have achieved in some area such as business , academics or medicine .
every five years there is a national televised program that gives us questions to answer about our understanding of economic issues , social issues , logic , and whatever appear to be areas of interest for the next five years .
in just about every area of american business the percentage of workers is falling whether its in technical , sales , management or the professional areas , the trend is severely downward .
then you have about 14 % of the federal budget , or $ 482 billion that is in areas that benefit families facing hardships .
interactive lessons in these areas requiring rote memory are made as enjoyable as possible .
we use that creativity to stimulate interest in a study area and the desire to learn .
certainly history , science , advanced mathematics , logic , geography , shakespeare , bible history , music appreciation , the history of art , and every other area of academic interest can be made more interesting when the various media are used and interactive learning is possible .
and we have criterion - referenced tests to determine whether or not a student has mastered an area or needs more work .
at the secondary level we do more of the same but go into greater depth in many areas .
we might use another few months in studying religions or chemistry or the environment or any number of other areas that may be of social or vocational concerns .
this is an essential area for our teachers .
if you want to teach in a science area you would get your doctor of science degree , a d.sc . , and so it is for special degrees in music , the arts , history and so forth .
so we try to imitate china in many of our scientific studies and imitate the us in many of the health areas , particularly in the medical fields .
museum curators and librarians act as teachers when they work to develop creative interests in many of the areas that have excited humankind .
with so many exciting areas in our world it is essential that our young people can experience the thoughts and imaginations that they can get through reading , the vivid sights of the world that they can see in video presentations , and the real achievements of human ingenuity that we find throughout history .
your ' will to win ' is an essential element of freedom but to be responsible requires that you are winning in an important area .
it seems that in your country you have allowed a great deal of freedom in the economic area , given the unbelievable tax breaks you have given to corporations and rich people , but you have also given money to the poor people to keep them from revolting .
those other areas of conservativism are not in our sights , in fact we would generally oppose them .
we want to produce in economic and other areas but , unlike fromm , we are not concerned with loving all mankind .
so depending on which area of society we are talking about we can approve or disapprove of this frommian negative .
allowing freedom , as we do , opens the opportunity much wider in some areas of our human potential , while admittedly reducing them in others .
the students in those anti - science areas are left way behind those of us who are competent scientists and are using science to change the world while we make money .
as you can imagine there is money to be made from both philanthropists and governments in these areas .
` ` another area where we will develop the technology and manufacture the products is in eldercare robots .
an area where we lead the world is in educational video games .
we have developed programs that ingest large amounts of information and categorize that information into the appropriate grade levels and subject matter areas .
it incorporates social mores , religions , the economic situations and problems , the wars and power struggles , the heroes and villains , the art and music , the philosophies and other areas that are evident in a society .
it then categorizes information according to the areas i just mentioned into the appropriate grade level from grade 1 to the doctoral level .
they develop the programs for each grade level of history and for each subject area .
of course we do this in every possible academic area : mathematics , french literature , chemistry , american literature , physics , astronomy , geography , physical and social anthropology , sociology , economics -- you name it , we either have a program or are working on one .
there are questions dealing with sex , domestic responsibilities , and other areas that have been found to be important in relationships .
we have tackled both of those areas in a rather interesting way , a way in which you may not approve .
an area where american and australian magazines crossed over was in poetry .
wo nt the red party invest more money in areas like this ?
i must confess its not an area of study with which i m terribly familiar .
her chosen area of expertise happened to be cheerleading , and she was one of the best .
and he did have a little prejudice in that area , only to the extent that he could recognize someone from the north .
abra and martha had decided that this would be the first area that abra should focus on .
abra had made some progress in the area of physical contact with sasha .
there s a competition in that area here in new york .
and being considerably savvier in this area than the delcums , he informed them that while he certainly acknowledged their right to restrict outside visitations , an order he hastened to add he had up until now scrupulously followed , that the young man had been , and technically still was , their daughter 's fiance .
a little low in some of the other areas , but overall , your test scores were excellent .
but to katie , my katie , it means we have gone beyond the pale , we have left behind crucial , primal human understanding and have ventured into an area , i do nt know , its like science fiction , or something supernatural , or something so outr there are no words for it .
owen was only dimly aware of what went on in pips imagination , the source of his drive in many areas .
hurt , peter retreated into his own world , safe with drawing , painting and sport , the three areas where he outdistanced sacha .
before half term they went up into that area just below trendrine .
the road noise was probably just as well as the awkward silences continued ; so many subjects were out of bounds or could lead to areas , which neither boy wanted to discuss .
yet how easily i use the word god to cover those areas that i deem unattainable to the human mind .
they have conditioned my outlook so that , even now , as an adult who has renounced all that myth , and who tries to keep transcendental escapism at bay , even now , i succumb to the easy succour of an omniscient superhuman , to stand over the grey areas of my understanding .
the openness of the scientific paradigm , where there is freedom to hypothesise and more importantly criticise , will lead to a similar openness in other areas ; philosophy , arts , culture , politics and even religious belief , for those who still have need of it .
a significant whole area of the research we fund points to some pretty basic facts about poor eating choices and sedentary lifestyles .
( another area where his first wife had painstakingly guided him . )
mostly he worked with grads that had an interest in his area of expertise .
the folder held a single sheet of paper that appeared to be a reading list that puzzled charlie because the books on it were a very odd assortment of classics in various areas , only one really having to do with philosophy .
my area of expertise often involves working with original works , to check out different wordings , translations , annotations , and so on .
maybe at some point in the future , she would trust me enough to open up that particular area of her life .
the prophet had seen the future of cable and the internet then expanded into every area possible .
no , sergeant , tom has ... never shown much interest in that area of things , in fact i wish he would .
and i know it is hard to think about areas of your sons life you may not know as much about , but can you think of anything that thomas may have been involved in , that could have worried him ?
knowing this was an area the inspector would be sure to have wanted her to have asked about , cori took her chance , so , cynthia , mrs long told me you had spoken to mrs aubrey this morning ?
as for myself , i have a phd in business information systems , as well as several more specific qualifications in this area , he added , gesturing to the computer .
grey also knew that they worked hard on voices in that area of work , encouraging colloquial accents and casual speech ; yet as they listening to nash introducing himself as they walked up to his floor , grey wondered if there had nt originally been something rather more dignified and upstanding in his voice , hidden now behind those broad northern english tones .
cori had tip - toed into this area as gently as possible , yet isobel looked suddenly embarrassed , saying without answering , i m not a crybaby when it comes to these things , sergeant .
the journal is her private area and i respect that .
` ` perhaps dr . gordon would expand on the areas of faculty conduct which she feels we should be considering , '' suggested archibald mcmanus .
i am , as you said , supposed to bring expertise in the area of biology , and i do n't pretend to be expert in the field of journalism , but sniping at other members of the university from behind a cloak of anonymity strikes me as a breach of the responsible exercise of free speech .
today i am going to introduce you to a new area of study , so new that much of the information has not yet received the blessing of respectability by being included in your text - book .
they continued to pursue associations within the philosophy area , and the university archives , with which kay had also had some contacts .
fred got out the miranda card and recited it before they got into an area that an attorney could challenge .
if they get into an area that you think is confidential , tell me and we take a break .
i 'll call in for a search warrant specifically for the contents of the safe before we get into an area we should n't get into . ''
they are rational , scientific people even , except for some single area where nothing will ever sway them from their belief .
he was beginning to think there was some dark force swaying him ... away from the data ... off to another area , one that leads him away from the truth ... it wanted him to ignore the information ... wanted him to miss something ... nahh ... it 's just his lousy timing .
we got a call from the night watchman around 1 am saying that he had entered one of the warehouses to check out an unlocked door what he found was a body our investigators say it was a single shot to the heart that killed him looks like a professional hit were not sure why he was here his name was charles loften and his identification indicates that he s an independent chemist that runs a lab on the south side from what we have found out most of his business was in the area of water surveys and toxicology reports maybe he had discovered some information that someone did nt want to get out berry was a little taken by detective lutzs frankness have you discovered any specifics about the shooter ?
that s good computer thinking i can see why they put you in charge of this area .
there may be the darker areas of our business but since papa started we have never been involved in the drug trade .
in his determination to convince the powers that be , that he was on top of the various areas of criticism by the press , he proposed his magic bullet .
even so , he apparently valued my judgment , at least in this one areamy area of expertisecompulsive gambling .
he did not ask anyone about it because , as virtually everybody testified , the comptroller and cfo ran the department in such a way that each employee had his / her area of responsibility and nobody was supposed to nose around in anyone else 's ' area ' .
he had apparently gone into areas of the accounting system where he did not have the authority to go .
there is a whole area of intelligence that works on stuff like that , roping people into helping us .
the man who d seemed so helpful was going reticent , i knew you d ask me about that area , and i knew i would nt know what to tell .
and here , despite all that was going on , he had found a chink of light in areas grey could not fathom .
i explained my need for some help with makeup at a production in weslaco , and asked if he could recommend someone with extensive expertise in the area of scars .
however , it did make my cravings more tolerable by focusing bodily needs upon other areas .
our facility required at least a year of general nursing experience before transferring to a specialty area , and this lady had finally managed a transfer onto the peri - natal unit after paying her dues upstairs on the medical floor .
` ` i ' ve often wondered why you chose such a negative area of the law to work in .
` ` i ' m also handy in other areas .
we just need to train you properly in the areas you lack . ''
do n't bother with the roses ; my mother is an expert in that area .
we will have opportunities to get involved in many community activities in the upcoming weeks , but today i want to concentrate on one area which is the foundation of the community .
the value of good press was another area on which mitzy and aerin could agree , if only aerin would admit it .
all night he concentrated on the three key areas not realizing that he practically ignored a forth section .
besides there had never been a need for concern when it came to the vip area and for all he knew it may not be a need now .
his mind and senses locked on one thing and one area .
every since he parted ways with dannys mother , he kept that entire area of his life private .
sculptures are just not my area of expertise ; i ' m more qualified to judge paintings .
our international funding business was expanding and was the one area of the company that held my interest .
ill need more time to work on this but there are savings in at least three areas .
more importantly , ambre had the knack of working on the area of his game that needed improvement .
actually , we intend to use your suggestion in two areas , purchasing and sub - contractors .
the next three months saw work progress in many areas : drywall partitions are completed that enclose the mechanical systems and provide a vehicle for air movement and ventilation , thereby eliminating the need to install metal ducts , similar to the system that clark first used for the hubert humphrey metrodome in minneapolis ; state of the art sound systems and scoreboards are installed ; club seating is installed above the lower deck in philippe chatrier stadium ; work on the tenniseum museum located under court # 3 is completed and the museum is restocked with exhibits and inter - active activities for children and adults ; the outside of the roland garros is finished together with statues of past french open champions and french tennis greats ; bouygues completes the final leg of the new marta subway system that will drop subway patrons less than 100 yards from the stadium ; landscaping around the stadium is nearing completion , providing an effective visual relief from the security barriers that had been installed .
i decided to do a residence search for real - estate purchases and i ve found two that put danny in the general area of a particular clipping .
i do have some experience in that area , but would nt you like to no , no .
my area of study rankled catherines anti - semitism like a burr under a horse 's saddle .
for all their similarities , there were a few areas in which father and son were complete opposites .
expect them to excel in areas they themselves failed in .
this is your area of expertise , maureen .
how it got there is not my area of expertise .
this had been the cause for much speculation in some areas as to the honesty of the concern .
we 're just now finding out how powerful the drug companies are in this country , and how the government can lie and get away with it in a lot of areas .
but i also had three of the top scientists in japan looking in other areas .
my wife goes for more comfort in that area .
we did extraordinary research in the area of migrating plant spores .
he worked fast in other areas so he could return to where she was and take his time .
the two most fascinating areas of public interest are serial killers and celebrity crime .
that area of dispute had disappeared with the cod .
or any other areas of law enforcement .
in other areas of his life christopher was indeed a very meticulous man , but he had considered the forum as a red - tape - free zone , a haven where he could relax in the knowledge that nobody would ever come looking for paperwork .
in any case , he knew this was the one area of his life where he had any chance of exerting any control ; his rle in the community anchored him , in effect , to the kind of reality he wanted to live in .
he has so many people on his payroll that it 's hard to find anybody who is nt working for him in certain areas . '
` ` i know this is n't your area , and well , you 'd probably rather not get involved , but can you recommend someone for me to call ?
i 'll lay you odds he 'll be so busy bragging to me about how much he knows about my area of expertise that you and andrea can do some catching up . ''
after all , there were plenty in the business who performed the art of memento mori , the photographer she had hired no doubt had plenty of experience in that area and had opted to wait until the official expiration of poor constance before performing his duty .
she s a historian , but she s a renaissance historian which means her area of expertise is right at the cusp of the era .
it requires me to not only know my area of expertise but pretend i like people and kiss their asses .
did you know that every adviser i spoke to said you would have excelled in whatever area you had wished to pursue ?
the ethics of these art treasures being in private hands in the first place had nt bothered me until i started to specialise in this area .
this was supposed to be my area of expertise , and yet i had nt given it a thought .
and the gossip is he became more helpful in other areas as well , and then , well , you knowultimately helpful to andrea , she said with an arched brow .
i nodded , and he continued , while there are areas in our investigations that i can not discuss with you , i believe you are entitled to some of the information we have , since you have been so helpful and forthcoming .
lacy could apply makeup , but hair and nails were annies area of expertise .
i was quite familiar with this area so i did n't pay that much attention to him or our surroundings , concentrating instead on the piece of skin i took out of the envelope .
i could n't help but like the kid and he could definitely use help in this area .
perhaps a little bit of judicious sucking up would be beneficial to the cause of future walmarts in the area of pegramville and the area of monies going directly into the realtors pockets .
perhaps a little bit of judicious sucking up would be beneficial to the cause of future walmarts in the area of pegramville and the area of monies going directly into the realtors pockets .
its my professional opinion , based on years of advanced training in the area of human medicines , and years of practice that you should have a shot of twelve - year - old scotch , and then go see a dentist .
we did get our priorities right with the garden , though , and it was the first area we started working on .
he diversified into protection rackets , embezzlement and drugs , an area that sablon had been long interested in .
it was not the intention to involve you in this area .
any other no go areas for his conversation with jeremy ?
it was one of stuart 's main areas of concern .
' and you ' ve got all your favourite things around you ... ' lambourne continued building on areas of familiarity - but the answers gradually became more stilted and relied on past reference .
one area where the dreams offered a convenient allegory ; it would have been awkward to ask straight out which parent eyran felt closest to .
though perhaps when he entered the more complex and problematical areas of eyran 's dreams , responsiveness would drop .
lambourne had mentioned the danger area of the dream endings ; that as much as possible he would generalize or pick out random details .
even the few closing questions had made him feel awkward : fishing in areas of psycho - analysis he 'd barely touched upon .
xenoglossy and conducting sessions under hypnosis had been the main area where her work differed from that of emmett donaldson 's , her professor and mentor through the years .
though one area she had beaten him in already was the talk show stakes , mainly because donaldson hated personal appearances .
the spanish was convincing , and she was already arranging additional sessions to prove the other areas of authenticity - geography , period events , customs and dialect - when the boy 's father phoned .
this was mainly for clarification rather than angled at areas which might cast suspicion .
' but in one area of blood stains , i understand you did find something significant .
' so your knowledge in the area of cranial injuries is quite extensive ? '
no history of molesting young boys , no sexual predilections in that area whatsoever - yet we are supposed to believe that this day , this one day , all reason and normal instincts were suddenly thrown to the wind .
her area is currently in paediatrics and young adults .
are you a bit of a perv in the old sexual area ?
he had long since discovered that policemen often have difficulty with their private lives in that area .
` ` let 's turn to the other important area you can throw more light on .
yes , but not in that area .
that 's a lot of problems , and yet the stories tend to ' hang together ' with what we know in so many areas . ''
no professional liability , although i have taken a bunch of continuing education credits in that area .
this is one area he and i are a lot alike .
someone is nt treating you right and that s my area of expertise .
wint may have been as green as guacamole in most areas of life , but not when it came to deciphering a sudden peculiarity in a confidants fashion .
jo meagan was still a little rough around the edges in some areas of the game .
` ` we need to start looking into areas we do n't usually check to solve this case . ''
quite competent in that area also .
tanya was talented in a different way her area of expertise was web design .
i ve been teaching this course for over ten years , and people have never had problems with the areas she s stuck on .
it is , ironically , the one area where claire ever doubts her own decision making skills .
i know how much you do nt like me mixing with your area of expertise .
while prepared to encounter the gloomier aspects of reality in other areas , jenkinson avoids novels that promise to horrify , terrify or otherwise discompose the reader .
it sounded like he branched out into real estate and some other areas as well .
grace started at the chocolate selection and then moved on to the fruity sweet area .
i 'd be surprised if it turns out to be the reason the house was burned , but it does break open one area of investigation for me .
for if llewellyn really was lonely and looking for a mate , that was one area where he could help .
the three of us all worked in areas where information was key .
` ` during the conversation i may have intimated that you were n't very good in that area . ''
actually , he did nt seem to have many problems in that area .
she went on , plaintiffs counsel retained a doctor from new mexico who touted himself as the leading expert in this area .
of course , he had blamed me for his lack of success in that area .
i daresay my wife could have done a better job in some areas than maybe she did , but she meant well .
but that was her area of expertise , damn it .
unless its someone with a lot of training who wants it to look my area of expertise is pathology , agent worth .
and i could nt seem to keep my blasted mind from wandering into areas that should be off - limits except when working on a book .
all psychics are stronger in one or two of these areas , weaker in the others .
it was nt isaacs area of expertise , and a surgeon was brought in .
i hung up before i could hear her start to ramble about me prying into areas i did nt need to .
he had the puzzle almost completed , which showed he knew almost as much as me in this area .
doubtless the best thing would be to stick with those academic areas of biology which she could control , and leave these indeterminate forensic aspects to the coroner 's office .
` ` it 's well beyond my area of expertise .
after all we both took that pharmacology course from dr . halinka , you probably knew that area better than i did because you did a project in his lab .
from there she branched in to the areas she knew the most about , sales , bookkeeping , employee record keeping , tax records , and balancing the two sides with the middle .
james was relieved that this was one area he knew , and did nt have to ask fiona for help .
i have friends in various areas , you know , she replied haughtily .
gretchen remembered each of them by their areas of interest .
the devil and his angels were still in an area of heaven until god created the universe .
i consulted a colleague i went to graduate school with , who is a recognized expert in the area of paranormal psychology and who has worked with psychics closely , trying to prove or disprove their claims .
i even found it possible to touch a localized spot , extract bits and pieces of information but not flash through an area that seemed at the root of the thinking process .
that is not my area of expertise .
it was a balanced enough document , though i would have liked to see more support in one or two areas , but i could not complain .
the one area where esp was a boon was with amanda .
mr . miller said that he could find no areas of concern from his observations of the visitation between haley and her father .
5 ) i found lisa cohen to be problematic in a number of areas .
throughout this report i have enumerated these areas .
they knew that their children would tend toward more normal in that area and they looked forward to having at least four .
` ` now about affairs - i try not to dig too deeply in that area , '' he replied with a chuckle .
religious discussions with the professor always invigorated terrance , and he often prattled on and on about some aspect of one of the many areas that make up the field of religious studies .
with hundreds of miles still ahead of him , terrance allowed his mind to wander among the many areas that might be of the least bit of interest to him .
i know the pay will be decent , and more importantly , they will subsidize whomever i choose as my assistant in their efforts to earn a law degree from one of the better universities in that area .
or ... now it was arts turn to venture into unknown territory , stalling , scarcely bold enough to take the first step into an uncharted area of their relationship .
he d always thought the baby account was a no go area , but it was clear his wife was thinking the same thing he had been , its just they d both been frightened to talk about it .
every time one of the men switched from one area of the agency to another , the other was sure to follow , that much you could count on .
his father owed his life to my father , and in this area , that makes our two families forever bound , she said squeezing him tight while laying her head on his shoulder .
the only area benjamin excelled in was charming the ladies .
he had already lied and given me a stern warning to not be in that area .
that had been eliot 's area of expertise .
` ` think that 's all the tough areas to reach . ''
he angled toward the back of the house , heading in the area of the path she 'd taken earlier but more westerly , toward the setting sun .
but then , she 'd never had much luck in that area .
` ` if he was in that area and he was sixteen years old , yeah .
in simple english , it prohibited a lawyer from discussing sensitive areas of a pending case with the presiding judge in the absence of the lawyer for the other side .
lanier moved into a sensitive area .
he was myron pankey , a former lawyer who 'd found a niche in the relatively new field of jury consultation , an area of expertise now nudging itself into many major trials .
judge atlee explained that he would cover a few areas that had to be discussed , then he would allow the attorneys to question and probe .
he had none to offer because he knew so little about that area of the law .
we have an obstetrician - gynecologist who is a pioneer in the area of infertility .
she focused on an area of spherical astronomy from a book she had read two years earlier .
named sidney pavilion after harvey riker 's brother , this area of epidemiological study was cloaked in secrecy and security .
basketball is hardly my area of expertise . ''
but i discovered that not only could i still be shocked , but also i could say that whole areas of my life were unsophisticated .
this area of their business now accounted for 70 percent of the company 's turnover .
steel and iron became the basis of the firm , but the business also expanded into other areas , including textiles .
brian swore , knowing it was their stepfather lissa was afraid of ; daddy lew did n't like it when any of the bradbury children ' got up to foolishness ' ( that was how he always put it ) , and he had decided that melissa was the prime offender in that area .
` ` your area of expertise , '' olivia said .
but if you know what you 're doing- and especially in an area that sensitive- you really should n't leave them .
there was one more area to check : the cookies .
` ` though i do n't know if that 's an area of interest -- ? ''
with an inward groan , she flicked her gaze back to a safer area and found him studying her , but then noticed his gaze dart to the side of her face .
he even talks about hiring a partner to help with all the areas he 's weak in .
of course i noticed that she was the one to push her plate into my area , offering me a second slice when i have n't even touched my first .
it 's the goal most photojournalism majors aspire to : covering real news in areas of the world that need exposure .
she worked so hard to be controlled and efficient in all areas of her life , but this man seemed to undo all her efforts in the blink of an eye .
in fact , in some areas he was a downright failure .
this talk - the draft , the money , the lifestyle - had been an area of contention this past year with the likelihood of jude 's being drafted into pro ball .
i mean it 's not like that whole hairy package area was appealing , but oh my god - on peter it 's completely ... ideas ricochet off of my mind and simultaneously bounce in a million directions .
i told her my grades were good , and i was going to all my classes , but she could tell i was n't doing well in any other area of my life .
i do n't claim to be an expert in this particular area .
i do n't have much experience in this area , but if i had to guess , i 'd say he looks like a man in love .
` ` okay , so i ' m kinda like your girlfriend now , and i ' m also a mom , so i have some experience in this area . ''
not the smoothest thing to say , but i have zero experience in this area .
his body was a testament to his dedication in that area .
but he did n't , and i whimpered , not wanting to shove his head down to the vee of my sex ... but not wanting him to abandon that area , either .
interrogation and torture are my areas of expertise . ''
i am confident in all areas except these : being sexy , being skilled in bed , being great at sex .
we were both waiting , stuck in that area between action and refusal .
i was n't exactly tight with my folks , in fact our relationship hovered somewhere around the mutually tolerable area which is why my mom sent shaw to drag me home each weekend .
i liked playing with shaw , liked having her using my bathroom and being all up in my stuff and the more i thought about it the more i realized i had missed her in more areas of my life than my bed this last week .
we had messed around plenty but this was n't and area she had seemed ready to venture into before now .
this was an area we had never had any issues with before so i was n't sure what to do to put her at ease .
tall and big in a way most men were n't in my area of massachusetts , he had a beer gut but arms and legs that were normal , a bit muscular but mostly gone to pasture .
if i stood up , though , he 'd see me nak*d . it 's not like plenty of men had n't , in this area at least , but i did n't feel like showing off just now .
emotions and debate did n't really have much to do with each other , except in one area .
this was her area of expertise .
his guys were the best at what they did , real no - fear , no - shit , intelligent guys , but they all specialized in one area or another , making it difficult to schedule the work coming in .
instead she dives right back into what they were doing when i got here , which is talking through the main points and areas of interest in each case that is being assigned this week .
gets me into areas i do n't really want to talk about with anyone , let alone with ethan .
it surfaces in other areas of their lives , too .
she smiled and grabbed my hand , ` ` i know you think you ca n't , but you can move on in that area of your life too .
it takes a while for the bus to arrive and i ' m kind of surprised that my mother does n't show up by the time i ' m boarding , although the idea of her endeavoring to this area seems implausible .
this is one area where i ca n't bond with her .
the technology was out of date , mp3 players being all the rage now , but considering kellan still had a tape player in his car , i figured it was about as far as i could push him in that area .
after playing it again , rachel tried to move to a different area of the website , maybe to get my mind off it , but i was too deep in my jealous fit to just let it slide off me .
this sort of event was well out of my area of expertise .
not exactly a huge area of research currently being done on the shifting habits of werewolves , '' he said with a grin .
` ` saturdays are really about keeping your expectations purely about sex , because that 's the only area in which you feel i wo n't disappoint you ? ''
though , josie assumed , trevor and joe had probably done quite well in that area ... that killed off her arousal lickety - split .
you ca n't really get her a necklace or earrings or even a ring to show your love , because chances are she has her own ideas in all those areas and might be a little particular .
` ` now , bear in mind that my area of specialty is in patent law , not pet custody . ''
i am immensely disciplined , '' she says and there 's something veiled in her answer , so i ca n't help but wonder what other areas she is equally disciplined about .
besides , they were still discussing the technology aspect , which was n't her area .
they take it upon themselves to spoil me in all domestic areas . ''
so , i already had proof , when god was handing out talent , he was generous with sam in a lot of areas .
they had certain unique skills in all those areas but they tended to come out verbally .
the president of the club back then , he noticed i had talent in that area and he was a man who used that kinda talent .
this was an unusual compliment but it was a compliment , a compliment coming from deke no less so i felt the need to throw out a share , ` ` ty and i met through a drug dealer slash pimp so maybe you should expand your search area . ''
the moment i pried in that area of her life , she 'd turn it around and ask me .
at least most of my classes are in that basic area . ''
she loved reading romance and figured that would be the area in which she would write .
since dean had left she 'd tried to move on and make it work and failed in every area .
the only area in our life that makes sense is the sex and the domination .
` ` we ' ve got gonzalez looking into every area of our life , '' nash said .
he did n't need her for sex as he was more than satisfied in that area .
` ` this is out of your area , sir .
this was only one area .
they had n't discussed their friends in so long , and he wanted her to be part of his life in all areas .
he 'd been blessed in many areas , especially with a big dick .
` ` this is the one area we agree on everything . ''
i ' m a goddamn billionaire , co - owner of one of the most powerful corporations in the world , sensible in every other area of my life .
the employees were starting to look to him for guidance in those areas , and he was starting to feel like the captain of his own football team .
and what the hell was wrong with her ex that he actually let her work in that area with drunken men ?
that was the hardest part , the area of her job that ate at her soul .
` ` i got lucky in a few areas , but yeah .
` ` i know this is n't really your area of expertise , being a drama major , but if you ' ve ever caught a rerun of shark tank you 'll know that means - '' ` ` a majority share , '' she said , calmly , cutting me off .
in that case , he 's like her in all areas of life . ''
whatever floats your boat , because we both know that you 're having some problems in that area . ''
i ' m sure he does n't have problems in that area yet .
after i invested fifteen years of my life with rick and he cheated on me , i find it a little disconcerting to just trust you with so many areas of my life .
playing poker seems to give him just enough so he can handle the lack of it in other areas .
he was a satisfied man , and in every other area than the bedroom his relationship with sophie was ideal .
it was hard to find a man who could compete with jeffery in those areas .
he 'd never been subservient in other areas of his life , just with the men he cared about .
and you need to either tell him that you feel the same way or let him go from all areas of your life .
she also wanted the job because it would take her back to washington state where she would be working for a company that had built a solid reputation in biochemical research over the last thirty years and in her area of specialty in the past ten years .
it was the area of research right up anne 's alley , and anne was very interested in touring the department .
ever since he took over the helm of the family business from his mother , who ran it after his father died , he had invested heavily into researching and developing cleaner solutions for the waterways , as well as , expanding the other areas of biochemical uses in manufacturing for which the company was originally known .
she realized that her thoughts were wandering into areas that would only lead her to trouble , and she looked down at her notes and waited until she could get them back under control .
in a bolder attempt , she joined the google area dedicated to news .
as students of the humanities area , they had to have three hours a week of this subject .
when she finished binding the scarf with a tight knot , lucas pulled his jacket up and the injury disappeared from her area of vision .
this is the one area of his life where he knows exactly what he s doingand though i have , on occasion , reaped the benefits from his sexual prowess , it still pains me to know how he got it .
franz supposed they were troubled in that area , and did nt want to reveal the good news too soon .
but this was one area of his life he could never rationalize , and it would always be that way .
maybe we should ask vincent , he seems to have plenty of experience in that area .
having waited this long to be with him , the joining was far better than i could have hoped for ; his skill in this particular area was something i would have to question him onat length .
i do nt think i can do some areas by myself .
then once the whole family conversation finally started to fizzle , we began talking about movies and music for quite a while because , come to find out , we strangely have a lot in common in this area .
he kept dinner simplea salad of field greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and strawberries , mimicking his aunt betty in that area .
there s got ta be somebody who d know more than i do in that area , gray protested .
there are certain areas of ophella , however , that are off limits to discussion , trust or no trust .
no one is more proficient in this area than you .
i ve had more experience in this area .
he definitely needed help in that area .
i know his work takes him many places , but i did nt know it was strange for him to be in one area for long .
i ask cautiously , sensing this question to be a dangerous area .
but we all have to agree on the other areas we would share .
franklin said you are ecologically conscious , which fits in well with this area .
but sport and especially mens sport is proving to be one of the more impregnable areas where acceptance still seems to be a long way off .
that s the most obvious area where we could work with you - having our swimwear modelled by you and your charming employees around the british clubs , and pictured on the site advertising the name .
you re tapping into new areas it seems reasonable to me .
dyslexia had really affected my life in many areas .
i guess i just was n't gifted in that area .
anna had no idea about what he did for a living , and he kept the two areas of his life very separate .
you do nt know me but i can assure you i m stunningly average in all areas of life , i inform him .
itshard work , she answered , especially for me , i mean , its not really my area of expertisebut sometimes , when you re there , you meet people who remind you of who you really are and what you really want and now , you re here .
* * * standing in the middle of the gym , waiting her turn in yet another of calebs grueling training sessions , kevan looked around the room observing her sisters and cousins in various areas , learning new skills .
she tried to help with the cooking once , but she will tell you her talents lay in others areas .
rather than focusing on how best to find eligible men , excluding those at churchanother whole topicmy mind kept veering off into other areas of my life .
resonated within me more than once as mike brought up a topic and our compatibility in an area became obvious .
another manners area in which i d obviously failed .
it will allow us plenty of time to explore all areas of interest .
it is as if he has unlocked a long - dead part of me and now i am feeling in every area of my life and it is not all good .
this is one area we disagree .
sterling felt so out of touch here ; his area of thriving would always be in the water .
that s within anyas area of expertise , shed be better able to answer that .
it definitely gave us more freedom to explore whatever area of touch she wanted to explore .
smooth skating and speed had never been areas of strength for me , a point which my dad , himself a former nhl player , was always ready to remind me of .
all research on natural - gas extraction was halted , and soon after , the oil companies lobbied the governments of most countries and convinced them this area of energy drilling was too dangerous .
in alishas time , the system was highly efficient and accessible : those in certain jobs willingly transmitted their areas of expertise to the younger generation and then trained them .
seems as if krueger and he met regularly to talk about the developments in the areas of clean energy krueger was monitoring .
somehow , i d be extremely surprised if alex is lacking , in any area .
in all other areas of her life she had no trouble being disciplined and committed why did she struggle so much with something so simple as food ?
i expanded the discussion area by adding six new subs , including a faith that builds ( a safe place to discuss personal beliefs ) and i ' ve fallen and i ca n't get up ( a humorous sub celebrating lifes embarrassing moments ) .
the blood pressure medication he was taking made the physical relationship between him and kelly difficult , and though he had nt told her , that was one of the reasons he had been distant in that area .
her desire to have sex ... was it a nave foray into an area she was n't ready to explore ?
in the area of romance , i , torie millsam a total fraud .
look , i know devlin really wanted to guide the oconnors baby , but that was because he wanted to stay in this area .
i m failing and falling short in so many areas of my life .
since vampires are superior in that area , it makes more sense that we handle it anyway .
grahams father had started a program to keep a small group of humans educated in the areas of science and medicine so they could work on finding a cure for the moon virus .
shed explained that while she did nt want to officially retire , she wanted to work on more important areas of her life .
i have many letters i have little time for and assistance in this area will be greatly appreciated , sir george claimed .
but sarah knew that her abilities included a photographic memory which enabled her to catch on quickly in most every area of knowledge , although she would never admit to it .
there was a lot of life i had to life , particularly in the relationship area .
unable to devote the level of concentration that was required for his research he stalked about his work area .
you know i m challenged in that area , melissa continued .
he attributed any and all of gabriels successes to his own genius , his ability to unlock and unleash areas of the brain heretofore unused .
i seem to remember that you always liked my attention in this area .
i am embarrassed to admit that was an area i did nt have under control , and worse yet , i never allowed myself to suspect .
alice is very knowledgeable in that area since we do have whole families stay here from time to time , as is her twin sister alicia resnick .
the kids can live on peanut butter and jelly , so my life has been pretty basic in that area .
james duet , doris and marie were prepared to the gunnels , each in her own area of expertise , and with rogers blessing to use whatever they wanted for the meal .
if there is an area of operation in which i have a concern , it is in the staffing of management here at the home office .
` ` yet we ' ve seen time and time again that in some areas they really are superior . ''
as i stared at it , i began to refine the areas i 'd improved .
once he was home , i noticed some problem areas .
although personally , miles has no problem in that area , '' she said slyly .
all she 'd seen was what the acrobatic woman had been up to and her skills in that area were nonexistent .
i mean , sure , a guy can make up for it if he tries hard enough in other areas .
i was still curious about why they were here in the first place , but if i could n't get it out of demetri the night before , than i sure was n't going to get his brother to budge in that area .
caroline knew annie had performed a similar role in past organizations and would be a huge benefit to them in that area .
she seemedknowledgeable in such areas .
she had been more mature than the both of them combined in some areas for a very long time ; she did not need looking after just because they both relished pushing themselves back into the roles of older , wiser relatives .
this was the one area of small town life that made things difficult .
i do remember you had the training in that area .
he was a man who liked to be in control of his world , his life , and in this area he had absolutely none .
` ` well , i ' m looking into some of my family history , and i do n't know much about this area .
if you 're not busy , i could use some help with the areas involved ? ''
no , they were going to visit some places where i would not be welcome and i did nt want to hamper their efforts in these areas .
it may be because she embraced her ability , but this is not an area i am very familiar with and when i asked reginald about it , he said it would nt be possible for your mom to return as a spirit here .
` ` servers are n't really my area , '' the kid said .
it was the one area in my life where i could count myself truly lucky .
i needed to find a woman with strong traits in the area of nature , those that would be passed on to her offspring .
we do , however , work as a team , and whilst we have our own areas of responsibility , i believe help and cooperation are not forbidden .
that it was yet another area in which they leeched off of immortals , especially that mortals , deprived of the protection of the cure , succumbed to illnesses much more often that the immortals did .
entertainment is just one area of life , amari explained .
do you really believe they are treated unfairly in so many areas ?
you did nt specify that was your area of expertise , but maybe you should send your rsum with me and i can give it to our hr department .
growth in any area brings competition in business , and the competitors of stone hardware and home supply would be knocking on your door sooner or later , whether or not they were one of the anchor stores in our development , trent said .
we talked about some of the law firms that i might want to approach , and what areas i could specialize in , and how proud he was of me .
by this point in their marriage , he ricocheted back and forth between doubting his own taste in those areas and just feeling wearied and worn out by the automatic trip back to whatever jewelry or fashion store it was , so that ruth could present the receipt , return the item , and exchange it for something else .
he sometimes felt she would spring the changes on him in a way that deliberately pulled the rug from under his feet , but this might have been yet another area in which he was being unfair .
if mom had been the same as ruth in that area , her words would nt have been such a shock , and such a trigger .
if you have any more ideas in that area i m changing the subject , was what she really meant .
crap timing , in a few areas .
we were back into the area of overly domestic .
he crossed his arms in a way she recognized meant she tread upon areas he did not wish to disclose .
which is an important area of study , i believe , and , he emphasised the word by waving a spatula in her direction , echoing her own thoughts - i would remind you that you instigated this conversation , not me .
i was screwed up in a lot of areas , but fire was my toy .
vinnie should be able to help in that area ; he s already made himself a skin thick enough to resist bullets , i said .
there was of course one area of my life that was yet to be resolved .
there was a reluctance to scrutinize this area because i had a nagging feeling that i may be more culpable than i wanted to admit .
i knew he was half swiss half canadian , he used to work in a university in canada , he had two postgraduate degrees , but i was not sure on which field , and he had a phd , but again , i was nt sure on which scientific area .
their world , and mine , has managed to succeed in many areas .
his proceeding in this area is important to his kind , their physiology and ability to heal is different from that of humans .
despite your maturity in some areas , this area is very new to you and will upset you greatly because you are a good person , but give yourself time to observe the human ways to deal with this .
despite your maturity in some areas , this area is very new to you and will upset you greatly because you are a good person , but give yourself time to observe the human ways to deal with this .
they may be attaching themselves to you and i now because the people who have information , who have knowledge of who they were are emerging in one area , but they need to connect in order to start the event .
considering the repercussions of making a mistake in this area , we will step back and possibly talk to the one who instructed casey .
we are somewhat behind the eight ball in trying to do that end of promotion of the series correctly and any help in this area would be oh so appreciated .
the road to price ( price # 1 ) the road to forgiveness ( price # 2 ) lawful overdose rough to ride changing his game ( the reynolds brothers # 1 ) playing his game ( the reynolds brothers # 2 ) you can connect with justine below : www.facebook.com/justineelvirabooks www.twitter.com/justineelvira www.instagram.com/justineelvirabooks justinethedream @ gmail.com justine elvira 's goodreads page www.justineelvira.blogspot.com acknowledgements this is the area of my books that i always struggle the most with .
between them they had roughly no related experience for the jobs they were supposed to performthough i strongly suspected that they performed very well in other areas , totally unrelated to their job descriptions but nonetheless very important to your son .
lets keep it simple and concentrate in two areas .
because of intense protests in egypt and her terrifying experience there , her boss and executive editor , randall osborne , encouraged more of her involvement in the foreign affairs area .
the local stuff is usually not my area , but its a nice change .
we al had different areas of knowledge , and that 's where we focused our efforts .
are you an expert in this area too ? ''
i ' m feeling a little weak in that area . ''
if you feel the lord drawing you into a different area of nursing , go for it .
henry was very good in both areas .
in the past , he wore his arrogance like a cloak , sure of himself in every area .
` ` i think it 's exactly what 's needed in this area .
` ` ah ... '' this definitely was n't an area leah wanted to address .
it 's clear to me that you 're simply not that well versed in the area of human romance . ''
if he had any regrets , they all fell in the area of madge bartelli .
` ` what you need to remember is that if jack 's untrustworthy in one area , he could be untrustworthy in others . ''
rosie liked oprah and dr . phil , and while she 'd grown forgetful in some areas , she had no trouble remembering when her favorite shows were on .
the constant pressure to find and deliver , he realized , had manifested itself in other areas of his life as well .
he probably had vast amounts of experience in this area , whereas she ... dear god , she knew nothing on the matter .
not to mention that your attire is rather indicative of your ... ah ... experience in certain areas . ''
this was his area of expertise , yet he found himself worried that he would somehow disappoint her .
` ` there is one area in which my rakish nature will never be tamped down , and that is the area involving you . ''
` ` there is one area in which my rakish nature will never be tamped down , and that is the area involving you . ''
that satisfaction was one area where smart phones just did n't measure up .
` ` you sound experienced in this area . ''
it 's at least one area where her trust is not displaced .
i ' m not sure i like the sound of dabbling , especially in this area of enquiry .
but , they each had a love of the corporation in common , even if they were involved in a variety of different areas .
but the biggest chunk of credit went to cal 's father , who 'd morphed the lanes into a family center , and had used its success to dip into other areas of business .
you 're going to have to be patient , and accept the fact that some areas of information are more sensitive than others , and may take time to be offered .
` ` yes , but it depends on- '' ` ` she can show you whatever the hell she does in that area . ''
by mutual agreement they channeled the conversation into other areas .
` ` knowledge is power and all that , and it 's good to have logical theories , more areas to research .
maverick was right about her - in one area , especially .
she 'd learned to overcompensate in other areas and was an effective manager .
refusing to quit had given alix confidence in other areas , too .
her grades have always been good but she had problems in other areas .
` ` what tiffany 's saying is , she prefers men who let her be the boss in all areas - and that so is n't cael traylor . ''
and all that practice he 's had screwing around has made him rather skillful in the area .
she told him she had n't and he suggested she take more math courses , since she showed aptitude in that area .
` ` of course - but then we do what we can to compensate in other areas . ''
classes were cut short for the day because of a teachers ' seminar on new curriculum requirements in the areas of math and science .
he might be lacking in a lot of other areas , but zach prided himself on being a good father .
the contrast between her highly organized work areas and his - well , sometimes it embarrassed him a little .
is n't that meant to be your area of expertise ?
he had been scribbling designs for the chair the whole hour that will had been reading to him from ` ` maud , '' but then poetry had never been henry 's area of interest .
` ` i take full responsibility for not warning her about certain areas .
one thing that worried her was that she did n't know how much influence rafael had in specific areas .
he did n't answer the question , because evidently her carte blanche in that area had ended when they left the restaurant .
there are at least two men in the u.s . alone who have more knowledge , experience and brains in that area than i do . ''
this was his area of expertise , and all she could do to help was stay out of his way .
` ` i suppose your studies included other areas of architecture , as well ? ''
before she could press him further and delve into areas he would rather not go into , he decided to turn the tables and ask a few questions of his own .
now that gideon and i were good , it was time to fix all the other areas of my life i 'd been neglecting .
he could definitely step things up in that area .
fashion was the one area of her life where she was usually one hundred percent confident .
` ` we ' ve already proven was the problem in another important area , right ?
come to think of it , we all suck in that area so i 'll just wish you good luck .
things appeared to be going well in that area , and she did n't want to ruin the moment by distracting them .
` ` it would be beneficial for you to meet the other dante specialists in the area , especially at boston university . ''
it would be difficult to see him but she 'd made so much progress in other areas of her life , surely she could make progress in her relationship with him .
the conversation was rapidly moving to areas best left unexplored .
she was well read and knowledgeable in areas where he was not .
it is one area in which i have extensive expertise .
this season promises to be one in which devils are allowed to roam about even in the most upright areas of society .
` ` do you believe yourself to be the expert in that certain area , your grace ? ''
of course , he would have tocurb some of that independence , butthe pleasure he anticipated in other areas seemed to make that a small consideration .
and with that the minister signed the paper and began to sign all of the areas of the contract that required his signature .
but there was one area he was still certain of .
there is one area that i seem to require some assistance in , however . ''
her inexperience in this area was clear .
jeisa may have been able to advise him in many other areas of his ongoing transformation , but not in this one .
there was one final area of concern that jeremy felt needed to be voiced , and it could easily be a deal - breaker for these men .
` ` the kind of technology you 're talking about is not my area of expertise . ''
i ' m also aware that you have some experience in that area yourself , so it followed that you might need our particular talents , so to speak . ''
i see it extends to all areas of your life .
` ` italians are definitely the best in the area of payback .
the simple rules in business applied to all areas of her life now .
the lack of success in that area of their marriage had severely limited what she knew , leaving her almost completely unawakened , even disinterested .
that knowledge was what made her feel so safe with him ; he was infinitely capable , in many different areas .
he had you listed in the iab database as a droid , an area i ' m ashamed to say i never thought to look in , so i never caught it .
` ` in case you have n't noticed , i ' m not exactly richly endowed in that area . ''
they 'd both learned lessons in those areas .
her job had been an area they 'd both avoided discussing , because ultimately it involved todd .
although brand and neal might be relatively close in physical attributes , they were worlds apart in every other area .
if there was an area in which she excelled , it was running .
this was definitely an area she did n't want to get into with a nine - year - old .
the guy might be a lousy human being , but that did n't mean he could n't be competent in certain areas .
she 'd never find out about what was on the flip side of those briefs , either , although parts of her were acting very interested in that area .
at the time she 'd promised herself to find more challenges - not in the area of airplanes , which were completely unnatural - but she 'd thought about taking one of those classes where folks broke boards with the side of their hand .
` ` we ' ve , uh , had some areas of disagreement . ''
mitch had checked into her background months ago and knew that her sexual experience was as limited as every other area of her life .
` ` i passed chemistry , but i would n't say that 's my area of expertise .
she was already on shaky ground in that area .
in die area of favors , she still owed him , big - time .
and pardon me if i ' m getting into a sensitive area , but ... why are n't you there yet ? ''
` ` not my area . ''
lex never liked to compete in an area where he was n't the best , so the limbo contest was torture .
she 'd lost control in so many areas of her life .
she did n't want to press him to name that stuff , because he might get into areas they should n't talk about , especially knowing that he expected them to leave together tomorrow , and she knew it would n't be happening .
` ` i can see your education is sorely lacking in the area of insults , '' keeley said dryly .
if it 's the devil 's counterpart , though , it would be an angel , so i search my mind for some famous angel in that area but come up empty .
the work habits honed in the fields extended to other areas of paul 's life .
gray was impressive in every area of his life apparently .
i had him on the surgery table , wearing only his shirt , and situated foursquare on hands and knees , which brought the area of operation conveniently to eye level .
` ` if there is one area of endeavor at which i will admit the scotch excel , '' the lieutenant proclaimed rather pompously , taking a good - sized swallow of his third cup of whisky , ` ` it is in the production of drink . ''
with governor tryon 's offer in mind , i wanted to find out whatever i could about matters in that area .
claire has been recently much interested by conversation - if the term can be used for a communication limited mostly to gesticulations and the making of faces ( she insists i note here that she does not make faces , to which i reply that i am in better case to judge of the matter , being able to see the face in question , which she is not ) -in conversation with an old woman of the indians , much esteemed in this area as a healer , who has given her many such plants .
another area that interests us is yours .
he might be rich , and he might be confident when dealing with his finances or with his horses , but that did n't mean he was n't vulnerable in this area .
there was something about the irreverent way she spoke ... ` ` oh , i do n't know , '' she said , her voice settling into one area .
` ` they 're both really sensitive areas , i can tell you that much .
` ` school was very easy for claire and me - we finished at a young age - and we went on to train in more special areas . ''
besides , his track record in that area was abysmal .
he was still sporting a semi , and the tugging weight of his barbell was not helping matters in that area .
thankfully , as with all the other areas in his life , she was right there with him .
her love life was off limits , the one area she could n't let them control .
i mean , it 's not that i need to have my perfect match or anything , but we have to mesh in at least some areas . ''
` ` you 're saying you did n't mesh in any areas ?
it was just too bad he was n't so great in other areas .
nika was n't sure if her strengths would lie in the same area as andra 's , or if trying to create a shield would hurt as much as playing with fire had .
she guessed he knew what he was talking about in this area of expertise .
` ` i ' ve searched those areas .
caulfield 's willingness to do so emboldened her , giving her the courage to broach areas she would never have otherwise .
control in this area is more important than any other adjustment he makes to his new life .
his connection to valentine is one area of his life where jokes do not suffice .
acknowledging areas of overlap is important partially because the overarching story of the series , in which team good battles team evil ( or , at times , team less good ) to protect the world , is played out primarily through relationships .
` ` i ' m afraid artistic arrangements and flower vases are out of my area of expertise . ''
his friends sometimes admitted their failures in this particular area , and travis figured that the same could be said about any couple he 'd ever met .
he felt as though he were failing in practically every area of his life .
` ` it 's one of the areas i study at unc . ''
his fingertips were stained permanently black , and though he knew it was a good way to make a living , he sometimes wished he could take a fraction of that talent and apply it to other areas of his life .
` ` traditional anthropology is primarily interested in five areas : when man first began to evolve , when he started to walk upright , why there were so many hominid species , why and how those species evolved , and what all of that means for the evolutionary history of modem man .
in the meantime , i began exploring careers , trying to find an area that interested me .
the money , we 'd decided , would go to three areas : our mortgage , funds for the kids ' college educations , and retirement .
he spoke about work as well - work was the one area of his life where he continued to function normally - and by the summer he 'd even begun listening to my requests that he start talking to his family again .
cat and i worked with him on all those areas as well .
cat worked with him in all those areas , and she showed no less determination than i .
though he 'd improved substantially , he was still so far behind in so many areas .
to accomplish everything , i compartmentalized my life into little boxes : if i was n't working , i was dad , or husband , and i focused on those areas as intensely as my work .
` ` i have a bit of knowledge in that area , yes . ''
of course , the occasional drink really was n't the end of the world , and the dating proposal 's language had been loose in that area .
` ` kind of a sensitive area for you , huh ? ''
he was right ; carrie was butting her head into areas that had nothing to do with writing the article .
a man used to control and leadership in all other areas of his world would be hard pressed to easily accept such a switch of power even if he wanted to .
it takes education , and empathy , and integrity areas in which ms . bridge is sorely lacking . ''
indeed , he could be the very man who might enlighten her in an area where she was suddenly very keen on being enlightened .
he 'd been studying all his life it seemed , but he just was n't capable of sticking to one area of expertise long enough to become certified .
it also incorporates a variety of different areas of expertise : anatomy , biology , chemistry , botany , perhaps even philosophy , to some extent .
in short , it is the one area of expertise that i am least likely to grow weary of . ''
` ` you seemed to be quite understanding of my predicament in regards to settling upon one singular area of study .
after all , you both share the same area of expertise . ''
you have ventured into an area of expertise exclusively reserved for men , and as my wife , i simply will not have it .
of course he was ; this was his area of expertise after all .
i ' ve no complaint in that area . ''
but he forced himself to maintain the tight discipline he held in all other areas of his life .
` ` faith told me she came to you when she wanted some help in the fantasy fulfillment area . ''
not everyone has your expertise in the area of threesomes . ''
serena and i are rather hopeless in that area . ''
they - i have been told - enjoy protestations of undying love and compliments to their beauty , and these are not areas in which i excel .
clarissa seemed sadly lacking in that area .
` ` i assess the company 's needs , assimilate the data , communicate my findings and help them implement a plan to reach their desired goals - usually financial goals , but some of my consultants specialize in other areas of industrial and corporate management . ''
there he went again , deflecting the conversation away from his feelings to a less personal area .
no matter how tight your budget during this economic downturn , security is not the area from which you can afford to cut corners . ''
she mentally clicked through other areas to avoid .
by any measure , he had mastered many things in life already , and right now , it struck her as inconceivable that she would be able to claim as much - even in entirely different areas - over the next three years .
you will benefit from a professional to guide you through what will likely be a rather complicated process , not just concerning the estate , but other areas of your life as well .
` ` i ' m a fan of the physical , in a lot of areas .
from time to time she paused to make a quick handwritten note to herself on her pad , on some point she wanted to dig into later , or a reference area that needed a closer look .
this is more your area , quinn , than mine . ''
he knew something about tarot himself - there was no area of the occult he had n't poked into for answers over the years .
i ' ve spent a lot of the time i ' m away from here looking into those areas .
for several moments the discussion focused on areas nadia suggested he examine more closely .
` ` like i already said , i have no skills in this area . ''
why not use this in other areas of your life ?
he 'd applauded her efforts and recounted his own endeavors in that area after christy had broken off the engagement .
` ` i 'd read it and try to work on my problem areas , '' i said righteously .
i think you actively cultivate your problem areas . ''
and considering manuel 's expertise in that area , joe hated to think what that was like .
did her father start out that way , taking over areas of her mother 's life until he controlled every aspect of it ?
maybe her mother and father started out this way in the beginning ; then he had he started taking over small areas of her life until he finally consumed her ?
fuck , when had i ever kept my damn hands in a safe area ?
but then he had n't helped in that area .
not that endless foreplay was n't very nice , and nathan certainly had talent in that area , but this instant , explosive coming together was electrifying .
that was another area where they had been incompatible .
the restaurant business ... that was his area of expertise , and now he was all button - down assurance .
that was n't a feeling she liked in any other area of her life , but under decker as he touched her ... everything about the moment was sublimely erotic .
is n't this your area of expertise ? ''
any weakness in that area could compromise his goals .
` ` okay , name one area in which humans have added to your sexual knowledge . ''
` ` the easy answer is that i want to help create more freedom for weres in all areas of life . ''
but if you 'd be willing to recommend someone else from this area , that would help me . ''
it was going to be demanding work , but it was in my area of expertise .
no , really - this is the one area where women get treated better .
` ` because i have some preferences in that area , too . ''
the word lingered in the air , heating it with the knowledge he had in another area , a knowledge she suddenly found herself wanting to learn .
` ` i may not be the most savvy agent in the dc area , but i ' m holding my own .
and also by the snippy tone in the other man 's voice when he assured pendleton , ` ` men 's studies is an extremely important part of the liberal arts curriculum at u of l. it 's an area of scholarship that 's been sadly neglected for far too long , on campuses across the country . ''
` ` the father - son relationship alone , '' dirk went on , evidently anxious to don his own metaphorical fur and beat his own proverbial drum , ` ` is an area rife for scholarly study .
i mean , kimball technologies is a multinational , multi - billion - dollar corporation , with holdings in dozens of areas of industry .
but miss rigby has been with mr . kimball for a long time , and is privy to other areas of his life .
deluding themselves into thinking that if they diminish themselves in one area of life , they 'll have gained so much more in another area of life . ''
but he 'd thought that something had to do with fulfilling the billionaire 's needs in an area other than social secretary .
he was just doing it in a different area .
he was going to announce the acquisition by whittaker enterprises of avanti technologies , a small company located along route 128 , boston 's high - tech corridor , and because the acquisition of avanti impacted whittaker 's computer business - his area of expertise - he 'd be doing the initial presentation .
while he still was n't sure whether her column could be thought of as social satire , he could concede there were some areas of his social life - and , god knew , of those of the women he dated - that could easily be mocked .
i know you two can barely stand each other- '' she wondered what quentin 's reaction would have been if he 'd known she and connor had recently found one area where they could deal with each other .
since they 'd married , he 'd discovered that eva 's party planning skills had spilled over into ancillary areas , and she was a wiz at whipping together diverse ingredients into a quick meal .
after all , there 's nothing like a momentary disappointment to fuel the drive to succeed in another area of life . ''
a spa definitely ca n't satisfy me in the areas you do . ''
there are certain areas in which i ' m unwilling to compromise .
every relationship hits some bumpy areas , i think . ''