just as she would feel herself about to come , he would shift his wrist so the vibrations hit her in another area , building her again .
when he once again brought the shower head between her legs , it reached even more sensitive areas .
` ` oh , goodness , '' she said , inhaling sharply when he put the gauze on a particularly deep area .
` ` do n't worry , '' she said , reaching out to take the gauze so she could clean the area herself .
` ` i just wish i could find a way to get closer without the possibility of marring such perfection , '' he said , one hand reaching out to touch the now purple area along her jaw .
just the memory of their kiss and the way she '' d felt , fitting so perfectly into him and her body yielding to his , made him throb in areas he '' d always had control of before .
his hands were everywhere , making her moan softly as he rediscovered each small area of her body that was sensitive to his touch .
and then , without compassion , she kicked upwards , aiming for and hitting a man 's most sensitive area .
she was laughing as he soothed the area , ` ` you 're a little sensitive in bed , are n't you ? ''
she gasped when his teeth nibbled her earlobe , then moved down to her collar bone , testing the area for sensitive places he had not discovered yet .
the ridiculously expensive dress she 'd bought for tonight 's mission did n't have a great deal of fabric in the tush area .
she had sore muscles in areas she did n't even know she 'd had muscles .
she did n't think he would shoot her or do her any harm , but she suspected that she was in his private area .
he wanted to touch that skin , see if she turned pink in other areas .
he settled one hand on her hip and a blaze of heat suffused her , concentrated in the area between her legs .
out of the corner of her eye , elissa saw him make movements around his chest area .
` ` because you 're probably too sore to deal with the consequences , '' he said but his mouth dropped to bite her shoulder , then sooth the area with his tongue .
she wanted to bring her hands down to that area , to feel his hardness , to circle it with her hands and explore him .
` ` they did so , '' she fired back , pulling my arms away to expose the area in question .
i was n't going to paint that specific area .
her bold nature not letting her down , lani moved the sponge up to his private area and proceeded to circle the heaviness that lay there .
she pulled his trousers down , almost to his knees , leaving his loin area covered by nothing but the thin cotton of his underpants .
she screamed out and ground her h*ps toward him , forcing his skilled tongue against her wet area .
his h*ps began to grind down onto her , rocking his member against her tender area .
cold ice water dripped down between my cheeks , dripping onto the sensitive areas below .
i could hear the ice click against his teeth , his tongue cold then quickly warm on my most tender areas .
i had been in a plane all day and had just played in the ocean , but he seemed to have no hesitation as he applied his tongue to my tender area .
his kisses moved down to the sensitive area just below my ear where my shoulder and neck joined .
the skin tingled as he gently traced his fingers across the offending area .
` ` i ' ve got a bit of color on because the newly shaved areas are whiter than the rest of my face .
their hands explored each other , lingering over areas that produced the most reaction .
stroking her inner recesses at the same time he pressed his hips against her belly caused an empty ache to settle deep in the most feminine areas of her body .
she kissed the exposed area , then glancing up at him , kissed her way to the next button .
he was feeling her body , searching out the areas that aroused mandi most and responsive to what she was suggestive of .
she loved the rough hands on her skin , the gentle , but impatient caresses and she gasped when he touched new skin , new areas that instantly lit her body on fire for more of his touch .
something around her heart area fluttered with excitement and the whole evening changed from something scary to something wonderful .
` ` you 're a very handsome man , '' she whispered , her eyes wide as her fingers explored the newly bared areas of his chest .
it was like she 'd just run a marathon and could n't catch her breath and her body was doing things , feeling things that were shocking , throbbing in areas she did n't really think should throb in those ways .
it was almost as if her skin came alive , became electrified and each part of her wanted to shift in her chair so another area of her skin could feel his touch .
she was biting her lower lip again and he desperately wanted to take her into his arms and soothe the area she was abusing .
when his mouth moved down her neck , doing exactly what she 'd done , she tilted her head , giving him better access while her body moved underneath him , her hands sliding inside his shirt to continue feeling his hot skin , her fingers moving across his body and feeling areas that made him flinch .
it helped psychologically that this area and what she was wearing was the complete anthisis from last night .
he asked , quickly changing the subject and moving his eyes to a more appropriate area of her body .
she shivered in excitement and turned toward his heat , wanting him to touch her in other areas .
jessica had to admit that she had a certain amount of discomfort in areas she had n't really known existed before .
when she finished all the other areas , there was only the section where he was leaning against and she glared at him .
his muscles were bigger , the areas on him that had always been strong were now bulging , showing that he had increased those workouts that had exhausted her while she 'd watched him .
like what it might be like to feel him touching her on areas other than her cheek .
each time he explored a new area , she gasped in surprise , feeling more and more of an ache , something she 'd known was possible , but had never experienced before .
then , experimentally , she blew on his nipple , amazed that he had the same reaction to that sensitive area that she had .
she was n't sure how she was going to do that since darcy was a few inches taller , but claire had probably another ten pounds on darcy , mostly in the boob area , though , which in the end , did n't count .
ginger , a sweet little mutt of unknown heritage , not liking the fact that fred was getting so much attention , moved closer to matt and laid across his feet , laying claim to that area of her friend .
she 'd filled out in some areas , and shrunk in others .
his hand moved to the other and she reached up to grab his wrists , initially to pull them away because the sensations were too intense , but then she simply held him there as his fingers teased and tested , his other hand moving downwards to test more sensitive areas and zoe cried out as his fingers found her , slid inside and made her writhe in pleasure so intense she could barely see straight .
marissa grabbed the pink lace , just trying to get it away from her chest area .
her soft curls teased his nose as he moved his mouth to her earlobe , kissing the sensitive area right below before taking the lobe between his teeth and gently biting down .
he asked and his mouth found her neck , nuzzling the sensitive areas he 'd found the last time .
sierra wanted to fold her hands together , to close him out but she could n't drop her hands because they would be too close to sensitive areas of his anatomy .
she was so responsive , each time he kissed a new area of her neck , she shivered and small little moans emanated from her .
his mouth nibbled her shoulder , then kissed the area , sending shivers along her body .
as he pulled away , she noticed that his hand was tangled in her hair and his body had hardened in areas that had n't been there before .
he was trying to control the lust surging through his body for this woman who had the smallest waist but was perfectly shaped in all the other areas .
thoughts of him kissing her , not just on her mouth but doing things she 'd read about in other books , wondering what it would be like for him to touch her with his mouth in those other areas .
he wanted to touch her everywhere , compare the softness in one area to another and see if she felt differently when he touched her in one place versus another .
he turned around unexpectedly , her eyes going from his hip area , immediately to his eyes to see if he 'd seen her staring .
there were two areas that this plug fit into .
his fingers dipped between her cheeks , teasing that very private area that she 'd allowed no man to ever explore .
but first ... first he had more important areas of her body to attend .
dr . van buren inserted a needle into damon 's arm to freeze the area at his elbow and nodded towards katrina .
she worked carefully and after a minute or so his body began to relax and she worked more confidently until his entire groin area was shaved .
his other hand was teasing my nipple while his lips were still around my ear and neck area , sucking and biting .
my body was still healing and there was pain around the area where i had cracked my rib , but it was manageable .
i was dumbstruck to find her on her back , only with her bra with the support belt wrapped around her rib area and nothing else .
my queen , '' i said as i watched her do as i asked , slowly lying on her back before she blatantly spread her legs , exhibiting her delicate area ; my haven .
slowly strolling towards her , a blissful smile pasted on my face when i saw her exit her browser and searched for another file , giving me a glimpse of her screensaver ; me , naked , sleeping with her silk robe draped around my private area .
choosing a black dildo , i used the tip of it to spread the lube around her area .
the area where harrison had struck was a little tender , but it was n't bleeding anymore .
i felt my chest burn in precisely the same area where his lips had sucked my breast .
her hand glided down to stroke the erotic area under his hipbone as she spoke .
it was unbelievably erotic , standing in strappy high - heels while his fingers circled her fine - boned ankles , then drifted upwards , caressing her calves , gently rubbing the hollow behind her knees , stroking her thighs , hands cupping and gently squeezing the soft roundness of her buttocks , then gliding around the curve of her hips to spread across her stomach , fingers fanning back and forth over the sensitive area beneath her hip - bones .
and so sexy , desire instantly sizzled through him , making his tailor - made suit feel more snug than it should around the groin area .
he held her very close ; her breasts pressed to his chest , her stomach in fluttering contact with his groin area , her thighs brushing his with every move he made .
the urine flow burns and the entire area is so sore i can hardly clean myself .
it dawned on her then that the area around her right eye felt funny and she touched her fingertips to it .
if he 'd been paying attention to what he 'd been doing rather than thinking about the redhead that was now cleaning the area around the wound , he would n't be sitting here now .
it was a netted full body suit , with only a hole at the crotch area .
it sounded like a rattling noise against a metal frame , but it did n't come from a particular area .
i have no doubt that he remembers exactly what my body needs as he circles the area around my most sensitive spot .
when i rock my hips against his hand , he glides two fingers inside me and uses his thumb to slowly massage my ecstasy controller and the responsive area around it .
his promise sends a rush of heated desire straight to the area he 's talking about .
she begins to lift her hips in rhythm with my hand 's motion and i close in on her most sensitive area .
just when i think it 's going to take a little more to push me over the edge , he cups his fingers over me and the bullet and presses it so that it vibrates against the whole area from my clit down to where he 's inside me .
yet i know what he 's doing when he avoids my most sensitive area , the spot where i crave his touch most .
this big dark area is your uterus and that white circle is the sac .
the stiff tip flicks several times at a supersensitive area just below the crown .
b - but i - it 's not pain indicating damage ... '' just as the last word was out , all aches seemed to seep from every inch of her body to coalesce in one area .
even with the scalp being one of the areas best supplied with blood vessels in the body , leading to alarming and not easily controlled bleeding , this was in a different league from any scalp injury she 'd ever handled .
` ` and i had no idea just holding your hands could awaken new erogenous areas , in both my body and brain . ''
the spasm passed , and she felt the whole area going numb .
i caught a whiff of something that made my mouth water and the area between my thighs ache .
his stance widened giving a fuller view of that distinctly male area so near my face .
although i 'd shaved recently , i was self - conscious about him viewing such a vulnerable area of my body .
they focused on that one area , increasing their pace as pleasure ripped through my body .
i watched the area where we were joined as he pulled back , every vicious inch sliding out , slick from my own wetness .
he did n't cross his legs like i would if i were wearing a skirt and i fought the urge to snag a glance down at that distinctly male area .
bruises and cuts marred the area around his cheeks and eyes .
` ` just rub the pad on my left thigh , '' he said , pointing to an area on his leg .
a sizzling ache heated the area between my thighs .
he blew softly on my skin , soothing the area before applying a bandage .
he lifted the bottom of my blouse slightly and splayed his warm hands over the area , gradually increasing the pressure with the heels of his palms .
this was clearly a lot worse than a normal bruise - it was the result of heavy boots repeatedly kicking at the same unprotected area .
it was maddie arching eagerly against him that finally reminded him there were so many more areas of her body he wanted to touch and explore .
except if he was going to be eating , it would be lower , on the nearly bare stretch of area that peeked out between her soft supple thighs .
he continued to lick at her tender area until her body went lax and her breathing evened out .
immediately , he followed by gently kneading the area until the burn turned into overwhelming pleasure .
the halter - top accentuated my br**sts , an area of my body that hudson appreciated .
i pulled off my cover - up and began slathering sunscreen on the newly exposed areas of my body while adam and chandler attached the net to the permanent poles anchored in the sand .
he lingered in new areas , cherishing my belly button and the spot behind my knee and the sensitive area at my tailbone .
he lingered in new areas , cherishing my belly button and the spot behind my knee and the sensitive area at my tailbone .
with full access , hudson stroked over my pu**y , sweetly grazing the newly exposed area .
the sensation in that one concentrated area built quickly .
an area i had never thought of as being sensitized enough to give me chills from his touch .
i lay down next to him , nestling my head in the warm area between his chin and shoulder as he wrapped his arm around me .
he massaged the area gently , rubbing one long finger between the crease , and i felt my hips involuntarily tilt towards him .
his tongue licked its way up my sensitive area , to my torso , over my br**sts , and finally to my mouth where he forcefully pushed his tongue inside , making me taste what he 'd done to me .
his fingers swept across my slick area one last time to make sure i was wet enough and ready for him .
his cold tongue flicked my cl*t and then his mouth consumed the entire aching area , sucking and tantalizing me .
his finger played around my slick area as he gasped .
a soft moan escaped my lips as he worked his tongue around my swollen area , which was begging for him to take me .
my fingers made their way down to the area that she told me constantly ached for me .
when he reached between my legs , he paused , taking his time to look at my most intimate area that was bared to him .
i removed my wet finger and slowly brought it down to the edges of my pink lace panties , taking my time to pull the thin material to the side , exposing my glistening most - private of areas .
he took the ice and slowly ran it along the inside of my leg , moving from my ankle to the sensitive skin on the inside of my thigh , stopping short of my most private area .
whatever else you think of me , you know my mental faculties are n't among my dodgy areas . ''
he laid her on it , arranged her limbs as if they were flowers , tracing every line demarcating her tawny tan from her still - creamy areas with his tongue .
god , he missed her so much in that moment that he felt an actual ache in the area of his heart .
the moment was broken , though , when he started mumbling under his breath before touching an area of her upper back that felt as if it were on fire .
but after a few moments , heat spread out from the area of impact , pervading her pu**y and making her cl*t throb .
his hands were also busy , though not on my intimate area .
i 'd asked him if it had hurt to have it burned into such a sensitive area , and he 'd laughed and said he practically slept through it .
his lips were soft , so soft , and she was n't prepared , could n't have ever walled herself off to the sensation of him unfolding her other fingers , of the kisses he laid on her skin , of the way he was worshipping even the smallest areas of her body .
he whispered in my ear and he used the washcloth to wash my private area .
tamara saw an amazingly perfect nude body with perky br**sts and a waxed bikini area at the same time elec said , ` ` well , she 's not a total stranger .
he brushed his hands over her skin , across her shoulders , between her br**sts , down her hips , avoiding the area of her stomach that she was so sensitive about , over the mound of her pelvis , to her inner thighs and the backsides of her knees .
` ` well , i suppose there are but it occurs to me that normally those likes and dislikes , off - limit areas , and an agreement on a mutual level of kink are revealed in the bedroom together with a combination of hands - on and verbal discovery , not ahead of time in casual conversation . ''
his palm was alongside her thigh , perilously close to an area of her body that eve seemed extra aware of when nolan was around .
before he could become too complacent , he felt a tingle in the area of his back pocket , and a sense of disappointment pricked him deep inside , in his heart .
angel gestured to the flour , indicating that sara should coat the prep area so the mixture would n't stick .
white hot arrows of desire shot to other , more private , sensitive areas and the wash of sensation made her body come alive .
i 'd thought it would be weird , having him pay such close attention to areas that i used to think were my problem areas , but he put so much love and desire into his touch that i did n't mind .
he gestured to that area of his body and my face heated up some more .
my piercing was designed to stimulate me in that area already , but in addition with the little ball on his tongue ring , i was coming undone in only a matter of moments .
i was so sensitive from the recent contact with that area that it did n't take much for me to want him again .
i ' ve left off any under the inner - arm area so you do n't need to worry about your skin being irritated . ''
i figured i could put a pillow case over his sleeping area and at least keep him contained until his parents got back .
he stood quickly with one hand on his hip , his legs spread , his other hand held up above him in a clenched fist , baby man parts dangling down in an area i tried to avoid looking at .
by the time the measurements were all finished , she had been touched and poked , and the woman had even had the gall to comment on some of her troubled areas .
he slid his hands up her body , stopping them just below the rise and fall of her breasts before moving back down to her core , circling her most sensitive area .
` ` arch your back , '' he commanded her as he continued licking her most sensitive areas , and sucked the swollen bud of her womanhood into his mouth , making her cry out over and over again .
he worshipped her body , learned every inch of her most tantalizing area , before he could take no more .
her skin was on fire as he began removing her clothing , kissing each new area of skin as he exposed it .
i touched my belly and rubbed over the area back and forth .
he worked in the sunscreen carefully , making sure he covered every area .
open it fell , and then the glorious rasp of his whiskers brushed the area around my nipple as he teased it .
the normal response would be to rub over the area to ease the sting , but i cradled my belly instead - my first instinct to protect my little butterfly angel .
i freaked for a moment , afraid it could be blood , but when i touched the area of my leggings , my hand came away clear and wet , not bloody .
the subtlety of the muted areas . ''
i had to assume cole thought so , too , otherwise why choose- i froze , my eyes drawn to an area just below the model 's left dimple .
i jerked my head up , realizing that i 'd been staring in the general area of his crotch - and the definite bulge beneath the thin , white towel .
softly , too softly , his mouth teasing back down to my neck , rubbing that irresistible scruff of his into that most sensitive area .
it was all i would get for a great while , as that was one of the injured areas .
i pinched the area i was going to pierce .
then he disappeared into the bathroom and brought back a warm cloth and carefully cleaned her sensitive areas before wiping down his own groin and still semierect penis .
she was tender in her vaginal area , but the hot water was doing wonders to alleviate that discomfort .
no area had been left undamaged by his captors when he 'd existed in hell .
eden was always careful to keep her bikini area waxed .
swanny 's rage only increased as they removed her clothing and he saw extensive bruising to her rib cage and kidney area .
he kissed each hipbone , then licked the crease between my leg and pubic area , which i 'd shaved smooth .
he turned off the shower , toweled me dry , paying attention to my sensitive areas , keeping the thrills of pleasure shooting through me until he was dry as well .
he placed the fat head of his cock on her tongue and rolled the pearls down to the sensitive area just below the thick rim .
if that circular pad of leather was to support the head , and that harness was for the chest area , and the lower one for the pelvis , then those other straps could be used to bind a person 's hands and ankles .
he crossed his arms below his chest and shifted his hips , bringing her attention downward to his crotch area .
he was so beautiful to her , it caused an ache to expand in the area between her chest and belly .
she whimpered when he touched her anus with the tip of his finger , rubbing against the sensitive area firmly .
francesca took her chance while she still faced him and made a haphazard jab in his crotch area with her knee .
she inhaled , feeling that scored area in her chest .
he paused after landing a blow on the tender area of her buttocks just above her thighs .
she held her breath in her straining lungs when he touched her - not penetrating her , just rubbing the sensitive area .
ian backed away slightly and she saw the small circle of blood on gerard 's white shirt in the area of his abdomen .
things looked very full in his crotch area .
lucas used enough tape so water would n't get inside , but the area was tender .
smiling , i said , ` ` well , when you put it that way ... '' stefan nuzzled my neck and kissed me on the sensitive area just under my ear .
my head needed to be my ruler , not the area between my legs .
i drew him into my mouth slowly , my tongue darting over the area just below the tip of his cock .
the dress fit flawlessly in all the right spots , accentuating my figure and hiding those areas that i 'd always stressed over .
this was the one area that was n't in place .
but he 'd been prepared and , if there was one thing he 'd learned the previous two nights in this lovely woman 's arms , it was where she liked to be touched , the way she shivered with delight when he found all of her secret erogenous areas .
as he looked at her long , brown hair curling against the clinical white sheets , there was a sharp , stabbing pain emanating from the general area of his chest but he was n't sure if the cramping in his stomach was worse .
as a man used to being in complete control , of knowing exactly what to do to win , usually several steps ahead of any competition he might run into , watching his wife of only six months cry silently in front of him made him ache in areas of his body that he did n't recognize or know how to deal with and he hated the feeling .
if the guy had gotten graham in a different area , severed an artery , she would n't be sitting there straddling his lap planning on exploring every inch of his body .
* * * * not yet fully awake , beth felt the area of the bed next to her to discover gabriel missing .
with the use of my thumb , i reached out and rubbed the clitoral area , focusing on that little button that seemed to evoke the sexiest moans from her .
my tongue stuck out , willing to soothe the throbbing pulse in the sensitive area .
his finger was now gliding lower , over my dress , past my abdomen , all the way down to my crevice , stopping it there - just right about my clitoral area .
watching her through lust - filled eyes , i continued my journey of discovering her sensitive areas , kissing my way down to her navel as my hands never parted from her breasts .
once i reached the stretchy band of her nylon shorts , the tip of my nose caressed the area where her womb was located before lowering towards her pussy .
he kissed the other side of my hips , trailing kisses around the area .
cupping her silky bottom , i gripped it hard as i slightly parted the perfect globes , needing more intimate access to her sensitive areas .
it was all she spoke about the entire night , and seeing that i was more inebriated than i cared for , i had n't minded when she kept on talking about how she wanted to enlarge this area , stretch that part .
his hand smoothed across my skin , caressing the sore area .
my knickers were wet and i longed to feel david press his fingers against my most sensitive area .
he moved the sheet a little faster , tugging it lower over my abdomen revealing an area of my body that i was particularly self - conscious about .
i could handle him looking at my breasts but my stomach was a sensitive area .
sam stretched out on the bed behind him and continued touching him , retracing areas he 'd already visited .
he kissed the area between my breasts and then started down my stomach and finally stopping right as his mouth made contact with my clitoris .
according to the doctors , i still had a few weeks to go until the pain would subside , and every once in a while i 'd feel a quick , sharp , shooting pain in the area .
the source of the vibrations is lower now , but the pulse is still close enough to the delicate area between my legs to make my muscles quiver and contract .
i had always kept myself sufficiently groomed in that area because , well , you just never knew when you might end up in some sort of freak accident and someone might have the need to see something down there .
the chest area was basically a sash that crisscrossed over my breasts and wrapped down and around my hips .
there was no other area on him i could reach .
rhys was a big man , a fact i should have applied to every area of him , but the sight of his hard c**k was daunting .
and every area i was lacking in was more noticeable because i had stared down a woman today that looked the part .
he takes the soap from my hands , and begins to run it across my arms , back , br**sts and body - washing me then kissing each area he has washed before .
the sales girl asks from behind the counter , letting her gaze wander down my toned chest and halt at the area directly below my belt .
most women do n't know how to handle the sensitive areas of a man 's body , but kylie does .
breasts are one of the few areas where tatianna has n't been blessed , however , that does n't mean i ' m free to gawk at mia 's glorious , round tits .
i shave my underarms , my legs , and my bikini area .
he kissed the area below her ear .
` ` that 's because i superimposed your face on my target area , '' she panted between punches .
ronin continued to stroke her as he applied arnica gel to the areas that needed a salve stronger than the loving touch of his mouth .
ronin 's wicked mouth landed on her sternum and zigzagged down her belly , pausing to lightly skim the sensitive area between her hip bones .
she sucked , licked , and scattered kisses around that area as she jacked his shaft .
more than a few areas felt tight , so i spent extra time on them , enjoying the sensation of her gradually melting beneath me .
it was an undeniable shock to my system , almost electric , traveling to my fingertips and other areas .
then she retreated to blow a stream of cool breath on the moist area .
one - handed , colby frantically patted the area beside him and then pressed a cold metal tube against her arm .
instead , his right hand swept her belly to span the area between her hipbones .
aj tried not to look at the area between his thighs .
she spent a long time rubbing the area around his ni**les .
he swiped the area between thighs sticky with her juices and his saliva , with a few red marks from his beard .
` ` first time a date has waxed poetic about the area above my ni**les , '' she said huskily .
kade 's magic fingertips danced up the back of her calves to stroke the vulnerable area behind her knees .
if i suck- '' he let his breath drift above the area , ` ` - right here ? ''
she dabbed around the area .
the dual tongue flicks on separate needy areas were like nothing she 'd ever experienced .
he kissed the area around the bandage and herded her into the living room .
trevor traced the area around the bandage that looked a little worse for the wear .
you ai n't tattooing the area around my ni**les .
after she swabbed the area and cat admired the tat re - furb , india taped a bandage on it .
` ` once everyone is settled , i 'll be in the backroom for the duration of your massage experimentation time , so you 'll have no interruptions from me - or anyone else - within your private areas .
when he reached the sexy dimples above her ass , an area he remembered as highly sensitive , he decreased the pressure .
when he finished tormenting one area , he 'd scatter openmouthed kisses over each inch of bared flesh before focusing his attention on the next trembling section .
her body twitched as he gently lapped the super - sensitized areas of her sex , and she swore she felt him grin against the crease of her thigh when she sighed again .
he stroked the area between her hipbones .
she noticed his probing of that untried area became more insistent with each pass .
this area makes you squeak , '' cam fastened his mouth to the left dip between her neck and collarbone and sucked .
she poked the area above domini 's hipbones .
she swabbed the area with a disinfectant pad , smeared on antibiotic cream and covered it with a square bandage .
she attempted to loosen them , paying particular attention to the area around his spine .
ava 's body was twisted so he could n't even see her face - only the area between her thighs and the flat arc of her belly .
sierra lightly brushed rielle 's entire eye area and she tried not to wiggle because it tickled .
his hot breath teased the sensitive area between her hipbones .
it was a wound care protection that kept the wound draining and the area around it sterile .
after the doc had cleaned the area , and carson had seen the level of grime on colt 's skin , he swore that kid was taking a shower if he had to hose him down himself .
the only time his charm faltered was when the nurse had numbed the area with four separate shots .
we ca n't be sure if she sustained any permanent damage in those cognitive areas due to the swelling until she 's awake . ''
running my hands over the area , i feel a small indention .
the feel of his breath on the sensitive area along with his firm body is enough to make my panties go damp .
he reaches out to feel the area i ' m touching and bites off a curse as he feels the bump .
he wiggles his brows as he rubs circulation back into the area .
her arm , which seemed at such an odd angle earlier now looks normal with the exception of another brace around the wrist area and bandages on her fingers .
it might be comforting to know my nurse , but in this instance , i 'd have rather have a stranger than lucian 's aunt touching my private areas , even if it is with complete clinical detachment .
i look down at his hand against my breast and silent tears fall as he gently washes the ugly , bruised and bitten areas surrounding my nipples .
as i open to him further , i hear him inhale raggedly as one area of my thigh shows a visible handprint etched into the skin along with jagged bite marks .
i work the hardest on my stomach , breasts , and the area between my thighs .
gently , she removes the bandages and the splint from my nasal area , throwing them into the trashcan behind her .
she gently probes my nose , causing me to wince , as the area is still tender .
she kept her eyes averted , washing around his groin area as best she could without actually looking at it .
chloe finished up with that particular area as quickly as she could , her head turned away , then tugged the underwear and basketball shorts on him - no small feat but worth it if it meant covering up his sleeping erection .
but before his eyes could find her , a thick boot kicked him in his groin area and he saw stars .
the viking continued to hold her most sensitive area sucked tight inside his mouth until she collapsed back into the ground fully spent .
she particularly loved the area of his body where short crisp hairs ran from his navel to his groin .
` ` i suppose even painful contact with that area is better than none at all . ''
lowering the lamp , she reached to touch the bruised area so that she could feel for his pulse .
why does he have the bow and arrow mark on his face while the rest of you have them in more private areas ? ''
kish made a face as he scratched at the area right above his left ear .
` ` sin , '' she breathed against his skin as she tongued the area she wanted to bite .
max broke out with a rash in areas i still cringe over , and if you mention the word ' monkey ' to him to this day , he shoots fire at you .
she dropped his ass like a trained combat seal with one well planted squeeze in a highly sensitive area .
` ` i ' m a bear and i have a lot more area to shave than just the face . ''
probably wo n't even understand the apology because you 'll hose my wernicke 's area of the brain and set me back to infancy . ''
with a sinister snarl curling his upper lip , he licked the area where she 'd bitten him .
i do n't want to think about that area of his body .
true , but there were areas of his body that were n't blood - soaked .
so after some debate where certain areas of my body were seriously threatened and my manhood questioned repeatedly by the love of my life , we decided to name her mikayla laura for you and abby 's mama . ''
her gaze fell to the areas of his body where his skin was still blistered from his rescue of her .
` ` nothing painful comes near the area , '' he said , indicating his entire groin .
likewise , he wore some over the shiny areas of his face - across his forehead and along his cheekbones and chin .
fadima used her staff to illustrate the area on the back of her leg where they might cut her .
` ` they certainly made a mess of you , '' she whispered , running the washcloth over the discolored area of his neck .
reaching for her sheet , she quickly covered him and moved on to safer areas of his body .
her gaze dipped to the area he indicated and she realized his arousal was more than obvious .
pulling his hair away from his cheek , she kissed the stubbly area right in front of his ear .
` ` then there should be no issue with having vladimir quinn probe all areas of conlan 's mind , right ? ''
storm eyed her knee where skin had n't covered all the raw areas still healing .
but with no irrefutable evidence of his innocence , brina would expect a full report , including a search of the precognitive area of conlan 's brain .
this area of a mind was where quinn had connected to a spirit once before ... by accident .
he waves a hand , blindly indicating the area around her head .
each breath she took , i felt in every part of my body , in some areas more than others .
there was something dark - blood ? -leaking from his nose , a patchy area of skin on his cheek that seemed a darker gray .
he tugged me forward , causing me to clap my hands down on his shoulders to stop certain areas of our bodies from touching .
my cheeks are on fire , along with several other areas of my body .
i also touch the tender area beneath his eye , relieved that i can finally ask him questions without being scared ill upset him .
i lean forward and kiss the area of blanket covering up her ear .
his gaze traveled over the length of her body , lingering in some areas longer than other .
his gaze traveled hungrily over her body , staying in some areas longer than others .
as he turned toward me , his hands left the zipper area of his jeans .
if a wind blew on a guy 's private area , they got hard .
he pressed his palm against my most sensitive area , and lightning struck my veins .
jase lifted his head , kissing my chin and my mouth , avoiding the area that was tender to touch .
from just above my rump and all the way across my shoulder blades , it matched my front , except the scars were worse , rugged and puckered skin , almost wrinkled in some areas , and a much deeper color , almost brown .
his gaze , troubled and stormy , was fixed to that area .
one of his legs was thrust between mine , pressing against an area that pretty much had had nothing that did n't belong to me pressed against it .
a slight throbbing picked up in certain areas of my body .
it was rough and raised in some areas , and i knew it could be felt through my shirt .
my stomach fluttered and the idiotic area between my thighs throbbed .
he took his time on my stomach and by the time he reached the area between my thighs , my head fell back on the pillow .
i asked , as i cleaned the area as gently as i could .
the blonde was straddling a guitar , and the only thing keeping her private area covered were her hands gripping the guitar between her legs .
when he opened his eyes again , he ran his lips across my collarbone , then up my neck , before he kissed the area behind my ear .
i sensed the wounds as soon as my fingertips grazed the area .
taking a damp , white face cloth to the area , i gently dabbed away the dried blood , careful not to snag the threads and reopen the gashes .
` ` i want you to remember that there is still some bruising and swelling , especially around your nose area .
there are two all right ones in the bend area .
when his fingers start prodding my crotch area , i clench my teeth together tightly , wishing i were allowed to wear jeans .
i noticed earlier that he kept a bit of the scruff on his face , shaving everywhere except the area around his chin and mouth .
and he did n't need anything jostling that area .
in reality , it was more like a sheath of black lace , fitted to every curve of her heavenly body , with a few sparkles covering the most private of her private areas .
as her friend pinned an area in the back of the bra , rubi pressed a hand to her stomach .
the back piece '' -he pointed to the area that connected the two thigh pieces and settled at the base of the spine- '' houses the battery , which has an ac connector for recharging .
the rig held tight to his pants , and they pulled lower on his hips , exposing that delicious area way below his flat belly button .
his finger slipped back and forth over the area , slick with chocolate , while the fingers of his other hand worked gently , but deeply into her folds .
her sword was double - edged , with a ricasso , an un - sharpened area on the blade just above the guard .
oddly , he seemed to ogle the area of her pointed ears , hidden under her hair , instead of her short skirt .
the odds of hitting vulnerable areas like the mouth or nose are n't good .
' course , the demon had destroyed a huge chunk of the tenderloin , but that area could use a little sprucing up .
` ` we have n't even done the bikini area yet . ''
hair and eye color would be a bit harder , since i was n't paying attention to that area . ''
the agent grumbled , rubbing the already swelling area .
he patted the area and brought his fingers into the light streaming in from the bathroom .
looking away from him , she traced a fingertip over the area he had clawed .
` ` bad , naughty anya would have been a lot nicer to that area of your anatomy if you 'd come after her for different reasons . ''
his scalp , an area he 'd never considered sensitive before , ached , soaking up every bit of attention .
her hand collided with the demon 's mouth , an area she 'd been avoiding ; legion took full advantage and bit , those razor - sharp fangs cutting deep , thick poison dripping straight into her veins .
in one area at least .
wearing a soiled white robe , mnemosyne slept atop a cot , large patches of her skin pink and healthy , while other areas were still black and charred .
not knowing what else to do , he stopped and eased her to the ground - no sudden movements - then fit the backpack she stil carried around her neck , shielding the sensitive area as best he could .
paris jumped back and , with an urgent moan , fel to his knees , patting the area in question as if he were putting out a fire .
as he spoke , his gaze traced the areas in question - and glinted with hunger .
she traced the rag over the area , but the skin remained bronzed , healthy .
the carpet fibers were as soft as they appeared and caressed her bare feet , tickling the sensitive areas between her toes .
i was pretty sure my girly bits were sunburned and i had sand in inappropriate areas .
i 'd found a small aloe vera plant a short distance away from the water and i 'd been giddily putting it on my most sensitive areas that were causing me the most pain .
the teacher kept staring at my stomach area , like she was checking for a baby bump .
i could n't tell , because the glasses hid the area around her eyes .
when his fingers pressed over that hot , sensitive area , i moaned with pleasure .
he winced and adjusted his crotch area .
i slipped off my shirt and pants , wondering as i always did when i stripped down to my swimwear , how was it that you were considered dressed in a bikini , but not in your underwear , which covered the same areas ?
i think your face is broken , around your mouth area .
i buried my face in the pillow , both horrified and delighted as he drizzled syrup across my bu**ocks and along my private areas .
he moved his mouth over my neck and nuzzled the tender area just below my ear .
certain areas below my belt had been called into action just by looking at my best friend .
the area was already raw , but that did n't stop me from digging a little deeper .
he narrowed his eyes and the dark circles below them became even darker and the area between his nose and the corner of his eyes became shadowy too .
he threw his head back and groaned , rather handily exposing a certain sensitive area .
he dipped his fingers into the tin of salve and began dabbing it onto the open wounds , then massaging it into the areas around them carefully .
there was no mark , other than perhaps a reddening of the area where zane rubbed .
zane did n't answer the barb , instead lifting the ice pack and settling it carefully over the swollen area of the back of ty 's skull and holding it there .
first the fingers would dig in and knead until it was almost painful , but then zane would let up and start soothing the area with long swipes of the heels of his hands , gently shooing the discomfort away .
and if it was time for their breakfast , they were n't averse to biting the tip of ty 's nose and sinking their sharp little teeth into other sensitive areas .
he 'd known ty would still be tender in the kidney area .
my naked body sliding off him rather ingloriously , with his face then touching down in an area my brother should never bear witness to .
gage , have you had any pain , or difficulty moving that area ? ''
his hot tongue runs a heated line over a small area , and a perverted part of me pretends he 's gage - that it 's simply gage loving me and not some strange boy from a place i ' ve never heard of .
just the thought of every person at this table imagining gage and his area is totally embarrassing and disgusting .
dr . oliver speeds over and places his hand over the tender area of my neck .
logan starts in on a series of well - concentrated punches right to the ocular area .
i try and ventilate the area with my hands .
with everything in me , i thrust it hard into the soft fleshy area just below his stomach .
yes , i was pretty large in the chest and rear area , but i was pretty slim everywhere else .
she pointed down to her crotch area and winked , ` ` and us lovely women like to refer to our goods as flowers . ''
she pointed to her crotch area again .
amy gestured at my chest area like that was enough to prove her point .
i tugged at the dress to cover more of my legs but as i pulled down , the cloth slipped slightly from my chest area , revealing more cleavage than intended .
his eyes travelled down the length of my body , lingering on my chest area a little longer .
he removed his warm hand from my thigh , instantly making the area cold from the sudden exposure .
i took the jacket off him and slipped it on , the sleeves covered my hands by a good few centimetres and the shoulder area was way too broad - sagging on my arms .
` ` i know you 're uncomfortable , '' he stated as his gaze travelled down to the royal blue boxers i was wearing , before he looked back up to my chest area , where i was still wearing the strapless bra .
i groaned , trying to push myself away from his crotch area while blushing furiously .
he shifted in his position and my eyes travelled down to his crotch area , where an obvious bulge was sticking out , making me squeak in surprise and cover my eyes with the palm of my hands .
i tried to avoid his crotch area and pushed myself away as far as i could , still recovering from the almost - kiss .
his eyes travelled down to my chest area , in level with his chin due to the way he held me .
` ` holy shit , '' he muttered , keeping his gaze glued to the flimsy material that barely covered my private area .
i let my gaze trail down to his crotch area .
* * * by the time lunch time came around , my body was cramping in areas i did n't even know were capable of cramping , and adrian was still going at it with different girls in his office .
he agreed and was even at the place before i was - making me laugh once i saw him standing in front of the burger shop in a black shirt with the starbucks logo printed on the left chest area .
my eyes widened in shock when i looked down to his crotch area and found a bulge sticking out of his navy coloured pants .
my hand accidentally brushed against his area and adrian let out another groan , making my eyes widen even further .
` ` well , you can work on me and do the work for the company or you can work on me , '' adrian said , raising an eyebrow suggestively before giving a pointed look in his crotch area .
he pointed to his crotch area , and my eyes widened in shock as my face heated up .
david caught hold of my wrist tightly before i could go any further , and i gasped in pain as a small crack sounded from the area he was currently grasping .
she was in comfortable looking sweat pants and a shirt that looked two sizes smaller on her with a dora the explorer theme splashed all over her chest area .
mason began to poke my chest area , making me wince in pain from their tenderness .
he laves my nipple and the surrounding area with his tongue , licking the caramel off my skin .
` ` oh no , you definitely make my heart throb , along with a few other areas , mr . williams ... er ...
it 's hard to make out much more on this machine , but the black area is the amniotic fluid , and that flutter is the heart .
he grins up at me and moans as i rub the sensitive area around his injured ear .
i ask with a whisper and gently massage the tender area .
he told me i was too big in the boob area . ''
i ' m all smiles , delighted with him , as he clenches his lips closed so i can get the area between his nose and lips , then laugh when i get it up his nose .
it was n't precisely her favoured area of her body , not that she had a favoured part of her body .
sonia stopped dead , package in hand , knife point inserted in a miniscule area not taped where she hoped it might find purchase and watched as callum walked to the closet , threw in the boots then walked to the bathroom and came out without the clothes .
i covered the area lucien fed from last night and pushed up from the bed .
the light in his eyes that was residual humor died away but they warmed in a way that made the area around my heart warm too .
he also had some swelling at his cheekbone that had also purpled the area under his eye .
it slid to my neck and he yanked me up his body , lifting his thigh to assist him in this endeavor , its hardness pressed between my legs , an area still sensitive which meant this felt good .
his eyes dropped to my mouth again , another area of my body warmed and it was n't my heart .
the area between my legs was pulsing .
the drakkar 's body again grew tight , so tight , it went statue - still and it felt like the area around his heart squeezed .
my nightgown was loosened and it slid down , exposing my br**sts and my heave had taken that area right into the target zone of his mouth .
my belly dipped , my heart surged and the area between my legs tingled .
` ` i do n't care what it is , just as long as you 're happy with it because it 's the only one you 're gon na get , big guy , '' i muttered back and heard him chuckle in my ear but felt his mouth leave that area after it brushed skin .
the area between my legs pulsed .
my knees went back and forth , rubbing my thighs together , the friction warming them and sliding up between my legs , an area i noted just then was drenched with wet .
my ni**les throbbed , my br**sts felt heavy , the satin against them glorious torture , the area between my legs wet , i curled up between his legs , dipped close and ran the tip of my tongue up the underside of his hard cock , from base to the ridge of the tip .
every inch of me started tingling , most specifically my ni**les and the area between my legs .
his gut still warm , the area around his heart now warming , he continued to slide his hand up and in , over her chest to her throat until he had it at her jaw .
while she stood frozen and undecided , he patted the area on the bed beside him .
at her uninhibited response , his hand fisted in her hair , sending tingles from her scalp straight down her spine ( and other areas besides ) .
in an effort to forestall her , his own hand went to the area above her knee .
his lips ascended her shoulder again , up her neck and behind her ear , a delectably sensitive area he discovered last night .
she was tucked up against douglas 's left side , her head on his shoulder , her hand on his chest and his fingers were lazily stroking the area just above her bottom .
` ` yes , '' he growled , his mouth finding the area behind her ear that he knew would get her to acquiesce .
she pushed past colin and sat next to the woman , leaning forward to press the flannel gently against the bloodied area of the woman 's head .
and the reason for this was a light touch at the skin of the small of her back , an area always sensitive , an area that no lover had ever truly discovered or , when they did , made appropriate use of .
and the reason for this was a light touch at the skin of the small of her back , an area always sensitive , an area that no lover had ever truly discovered or , when they did , made appropriate use of .
he did n't answer as his hand started to move on the soft skin at the small of her back , leisurely forming figure eights on her body 's ( nearly ) most sensitive area , and her head snapped back to look at him just as her frame froze .
he moved his other hand up under the t - shirt and brushed his knuckles on another sensitive area he discovered , the satiny skin beneath her breast , and he heard her suppressed moan .
he felt her slump and he grinned against the skin at her throat then he slid his lips up her neck to taste the area just under her ear .
he removed his mouth from the sensitive area of her ear and kissed her neck chastely .
bran was curled up in the area between mallory 's still belly and motionless hind legs .
in ally 's window was a nice - looking man , though a wee - bit steroid ridden and overdeveloped in the chest area but he had a good haircut , shirt , tie , slacks .
i felt a flutter in several areas of my body simultaneously .
mace 's eyes had cut to me ; he stared at me a second and i could tell by the white flash in his mouth area that he grinned .
he ran his fingers through it then i felt him twirling a tendril somewhere in the area between my shoulder blades .
she was wearing a pair of very faded levi 's , so faded , they were worn nearly through in some advantageous areas ; a pair of black flip flops ; a black green day t - shirt over a white thermal ; silver rings on nearly every finger ; several silver necklaces around her neck ; a mess of silver bracelets on both her wrists and wide silver hoops at her ears .
it fit like a glove , had beige triangles of lace at the hipbones and cups at the brassiere area and some soft boning that moved with my body .
` ` it 's new , have n't worn it yet so i have n't broken in the chest area , '' daisy informed me , circling her extraordinary bosoms with a pointed , frosty white - polished , ultra long finger - nailed finger to make her point .
both hands slid up my back , he pressed the area between my shoulder blades so my torso was tight against his and he threw a thigh over mine , pinning me .
or the area between my legs to tingle ( damn and blast it all to hell ! )
hector stared at ralphie a beat and then put his elbow on the island , pressed his three middle fingers to the area between his brows and rubbed hard .
ax drew slow circles with his fingertips down the center of my back until he hit the sensitive area where i 'd gotten my tattoo done .
each time he pressed down on one of my fingertips or guided me to another area of the piano , i felt the sadness of the song clench deeper .
pierce pointed to areas on david 's back and sighed .
when ash had thought he 'd taken his full , he would discover another spot he had yet to explore , another area his lips had n't yet tasted .
isabelle flushed and he could tell she was trying very hard not to peek at his afflicted area .
his dark hair was pulled back in a ponytail low on his neck , his blue eyes searching mine as if he could see every damn area tex had placed his hands .
he ran his thumbs over my tender area .
his focus was completely on my most private area .
tripp 's mouth began to taste me with wild abandon as he slipped his tongue inside me , then back up , circling the most sensitive area there .
upon realizing , finally i feel the pain in the back of my head and i reach up weakly to massage the area with my fingertips .
when we 're done , fredrik stands me in front of the steam - laden mirror , his chest and pelvic area touching me lightly from behind .
dark circles blemish the area underneath her eyes .
her hands cupping the assaulted area of her face , my sister looked up at me .
my eyes began to focus on the area of ashley 's neck that i sank my teeth into .
he frowned as he held the assaulted area .
still , he scowled at me and grabbed the assaulted area .
he kept his eyes on a distant area behind my left shoulder .
it was the strangest sight , because the area where the bullet hit her began to glow from the inside - channeling through several parts of her body .
considering that my private area is tingling , and my ni**les are so taut they could cut through glass , i 'd say yes .
if heaven were a place , it would be the tiny area twitch 's piercing touches when i come on him .
his hand caresses the throbbing area , and suddenly my brain interrupts the pain broadcast , thinking , ` ` whoa .
willing my arms to lift , i manage to slowly reach for the sore area on top of my hand to feel bumpy plastic .
i do n't remember to feel disgrace when i lift my hips , giving him better access to my most private area .
she could feel his eyes on her , the subtle sway of her hips feeling more pronounced beneath the heat of his gaze , every sensitive area of her body already responding to him without so much as a touch .
instead , he licked over her slowly , soothing the sensitive area after the riotous explosion of pleasure he 'd just put it through , while seeming to savor her at the same time .
with hands that trembled , he slid the pants down over her creamy thighs and then he was stroking her delicate ankles , learning the strength of her calves and finding the sensitive area behind her knees .
there was a rash in the abdominal area , but obviously that 's not what 's in these photographs .
` ` feel the strength in your body , but also look for the areas that can relax in the pose .
let go in your stomach and ... '' areas of relaxation ?
as her left biceps and her right wrist burned from blood returning to the areas it had been squeezed out of , a warning tickled across the nape of her neck .
settling on the bed , she grunted , a sharp cramp gripping her pelvic area .
a great flush of euphoria sped throughout her body , its golden tendrils pulsating out of her pelvic area and flowing up through her torso to her mind and her very soul as her legs and arms tingled as well .
` ` or the general area of what should be your heart anyway . ''
for such a tiny thing , her grip was tight ; her bright turquoise nails were so long , i wondered how she did anything , especially the complicated task of piercing small areas of the body .
t.j . walked slowly over to my bedside , leaned over , and kissed an area of my forehead that was n't bandaged .
he ran his right index finger over her left upper arm , an area that she had always tried to hide because of the blotch marring her skin that had been present since her birth .
his tongue traced her earlobe and the side of her neck , finding every sensitive area of her skin .
you are well developed in all of the right areas . ''
her panties flooded as she imagined him exploring all of those areas .
i felt his teeth biting me hard and then he used his tongue , gently soothing the area .
i groaned as his fingers left my private area and he bent down do he could rub down my thighs and calves .
maddie shifted underneath me , and i saw her legs spread as if giving me the signal that she was ready for another area to be serviced .
it was a calculated attack with athens pinpointed specifically - no other area was touched .
this time he attempted to hit a more vital area and missed altogether when she jumped to one side .
she 's been worried about you , of course , but we ' ve talked about it , and she understands that you were n't hit in a vital area . ''
hunt unwound the gauze and gently prodded the area behind her left temple .
the doctor spoke as he numbed the area .
the swelling near her eye was n't so bad anymore but the area had turned bright purple .
he carried her to the mattress , yanked her pajama bottoms off and buried his face in her br**sts while touching her in other , more sensitive areas .
he had to scrape away the infected area and drain a couple of abscesses .
she 'd taken the thrust in a less vulnerable area as she 'd intended , but the sight of the blade buried in her leg to the hilt was so surreal she almost could n't believe this was anything more than a bad dream .
-most likely shaved his genital area .
` ` how often did he shave his genital area ? ''
` ` did he want you to ... you know , shave the same area ? ''
and there was a distinctive bulge in the web area forward of the extractor groove .
blowflies crawled over the corpse , attracted to the moist areas of the eyes , mouth and nose , where they liked to lay their eggs .
they jut out skeletally from the top of his jeans , and i find my eyes returning to this area again and again .
this right - above - the - pants area .
with a frown , she gently probed the tender area .
his head slants to the side as he gently brushes his finger across the tender area on my cheek .
i can see every scar , every sunken - in area , the weight he 's lost , the sheer lack of health .
i pull my hand away from hers then press the paper towels back over the bleeding area .
she kneels down in front of me , sweeping her hair to the side as she lowers her head to inspect the area i ' m cradling .
i see the swollen area greyson was talking about .
she playfully slaps my arm again and i cover the area with my hand .
it 's gorgeous , though - dark blue with black lines decorated with studs that run vertically and horizontally in the chest area .
i put a hand against his chest , pushing him back a little , causing him to give a sexy , frustrated growl that makes the area between my lips tingle .
for that matter , the fact that chloe larson could scan audio tracks for a particular sound and isolate the relevant areas all in a matter of minutes was almost as remarkable as the fact that she 'd gone off auto - bitch to do it for me .
gentle kisses trailed over my body , and his hand traveling over my most sensitive of areas , while i patiently accepted him getting familiar with every inch of me .
he still dawdled there , right over my pu**y , with no regard for how sensitive that area had become .
my sensitive area began to throb , and it felt like it was on fire .
i ran my hands over his tattoos that i was able to see , while his lips made contact with my collarbone , slowly traveling my body until he reached my most sensitive private of areas .
my reaction to his lips kissing and suckling on such a sensitive area caused me to gasp in horror .
noah took his time , washing and rinsing my hair , then washing my body , one area at a time .
he paid close attention to certain areas , and made sure he kissed every inch of me as he went .
it was see - thru black everywhere except for the ass and crotch area .
purple and blue bruises covered it , from multiple blows hitting the same area .
saliva started running down the brown area .
chapter 12 miranda his kisses never got old , especially when they were kissing areas of my body that nobody else got to see .
while he was already on his knees , he softly kissed down my stomach , stopping before he reached the top of my most sensitive area .
while he pointed to a certain area with his pen , he looked up at me .
it 's located in a difficult area of the breast and until we get in there and can test it properly , we just do n't know what we are dealing with . ''
he pulled out a couple pictures and pointed to certain areas .
` ` the area that we biopsied came back malignant . ''
our hands explored the most sensitive areas of each other until we were both panting and out of breath .
he threw his hands over his groin area .
i ran my hands through his dark hair and threw my head back when i felt his mouth touching me in my most private of areas .
i kissed her hips as i slid them down inch by inch , kissing her at every exposed area of skin .
my pu**y was exposed , and i could n't think of anything else than being touched there , in my most personal area .
i could feel how tight they were against my skin , especially in the crotch area .
when i grabbed my brush and ran it through the back of my head , i hit a tender area and cringed .
my fingers felt around and the wetness in a small area let me know that my head had been busted open .
when he kissed me , his stubble was apparent and i liked the way it felt when he rubbed his face over the sensitive areas of my skin .
the only thing i can see coming out of that is a low kick to that precious area of yours . ''
he placed it there , letting his stiff c**k tease me in my most sensitive area .
after he 'd shaved the area , he rinsed off the soap and then tested the area to make sure he had n't missed a spot .
after he 'd shaved the area , he rinsed off the soap and then tested the area to make sure he had n't missed a spot .
he ran the bar of soap over my whole body and even washed my most personal areas .
i found myself become more turned on by the way the soap felt as it rubbed against the sensitive areas of my skin .
he pulled away and blew on the sensitive area , before taking the melting fruit and rubbing it over my other nipple .
i felt him there , spreading the lubrication over my most sensitive of areas .
all of my anxiousness about the cookout was erased the moment his tongue came out and licked my most sensitive area .
i placed my thumb on the main vein that seemed to be a sensitive area .
tears filled my eyes as i touched each injured sore area , reliving how that particular ailment had occurred .
then he rinsed it off , splashing the water all around my most private of areas .
but he only moves to my neck and begins to kiss and suck on my earlobe again , his tongue doing delicious things to that sensitive little area , and i begin to moan and wriggle underneath him again .
i ask , both puzzled and strangely warm in my chest area .
the area under his left eye was badly discolored and would probably get worse as the day wore on .
the disturbed areas appeared to be slowly healing , but she was pretty sure she could speed up the process .
with a skill that came intuitively , she steadied the psychic radiation of the lamp and guided it so that it resonated with the wavelengths in the disturbed areas of jack 's dream channels .
within seconds the erratic areas steadied and began pulsing in a healthy fashion .
aside from the area on his head that had been shaved and stitched , he looked normal again .
you have to sneak up on a girl 's , uh , frontal area .
a dark , slowly spreading stain circled the area around the point where the blade had entered his body just below the left shoulder .
` ` just spray the area with the antiseptic , and then we 'll try bandaging it . ''
in high school , the same type of kick , though admittedly in a different target area , saved her from a prom date who could n't understand the meaning of no .
he shrugged , his c**k hardening when she zoned in on his belt buckle area as if she wanted to see if he 'd grown bigger under there , too , or some shit like that .
possible weakness or target areas : joints , glandular implant in the left side directly under the ribcage .
the band ensured that connections were made to the right areas of the brain .
some just attack the area of the bite , but some attack the nervous system , and lyc - v does n't recognize them as a threat until the damage starts to spread . ''
it sliced through the air , propelled as much by the bowstring as by my will , and sliced straight into the unprotected area of her head .
it 's an area of the brain that controls involuntary functions : breathing , heart rate , digestion .
he nodded , his gaze on my stomach area ... or maybe lower .
` ` i ' m kind of an expert in the frontal area . ''
an extended hot soak would help my lingering soreness in certain areas , but the sketch artist might have arrived during the night , so i 'd better go with a quicker shower .
` ` we 'll need to shave you and sterilize the area , '' chad went on , soaping and then shaving her inner forearm with a few quick , thorough swipes .
she 'd grown familiar with the feel of quentin 's hand in her intimate area .
his hands moved up her sides toward a risque area and i almost laughed .
they stood panting and holding areas of themselves that were injured as mrs . donovan and the mayor maneuvered back into the ring .
morgan made it sound like the video was limited to that area . ''
he 'd touched on my sensitive area once too often .
i still felt like he 'd ripped the curtain off a private area of my life when he 'd exposed my neck , and i had n't forgiven him .
the pain in my chest was so bad i put my hand over it , pressing the area above my breast .
i carried it behind the screen that concealed the hair - washing area , and wiped at a perfectly clean area just for verisimilitude ( a great word from my word of the day calendar ) .
the fingernail gouges on my shoulder were crusted half - moons , puffy and red , though i 'd scrubbed the area carefully the night before .
the scar might not be as severe , and it was certainly forming at a phenomenal rate , but it was undeniably red and ugly , the flesh underneath it still tender , the whole area sore .
he touched the shiny area with a fingertip and shook his head .
no casual observer was going to be able to tell i 'd enjoyed a vampire 's company , and i did n't have an appointment with a gynecologist - the only other person who 'd have a reason to check that area .
he smiled at me , and the tremors along my spine spread into another area entirely .
she pressed a little panel on the armor over her chest , a dark blue area about the size of a credit card .
i was glad her sightless eyes were not aimed in my direction as i used a tissue to wipe the area my hands had gripped .
the roman went into convulsions instantly , as the area around the wound blackened with shocking rapidity .
the pricking of the needle stings slightly on the sensitive area , and i pinch my eyes shut .
` ` you guys are evil , '' she tells us as she sits up after jared applies a small bandage over the area .
but the stomach and chest area are cut away , covered by a thin , sheer black material .
the area between my legs starts to tingle just from looking at him .
there 's not a bump , but i can feel a slight bald spot , along with heat coming off the area .
i looked at the small area of discolored skin for a long time while i held him .
up on tiptoes again to see the wounds as she cleaned that area .
after a moment , he smoothed the warm liniment over marian 's back , giving the area around her wings special attention .
he wanted to rub the area over his heart to try to ease the deep , growing ache , but he was afraid he might damage the web .
his hand buried itself in my hair , urging me as i took him in again and again , swirling my tongue and paying special attention to that area riiiiight there ... ` ` fuck , grace .
my lips were incredibly swollen and puffy and the area around my mouth bore the battle scars of his scruff .
he had a small patch of hair on his chest , that led down a bit to his , ahem , shorts area .
` ` it 's in that general area , yes . ''
which made his eyes focus on one area in particular , as he asked , ` ` what the hell is so funny ? ''
we finished an hour ago ... '' he covered the area between my legs with one of his beautiful hands .
the area stung mildly , but i ignored it as i watched him .
instead , he brought up the pad of his thumb to softly caress the area , trailing his fingers far past the hurt and across my jaw .
her neck was exposed with her position and i could n't help but look at the area where the fingerprints marred her creamy skin .
and from this close , i could see the scruff growing in on his jaw area .
` ` the intruder , he punched me around that area . ''
he asked , smoothing his hands over the area that had been confined .
immediately , i covered the area with my other hand , trying to trap in the warmth he left behind , if only for a few moments .
the skin around the area tingled ...
it took me a moment to answer because he was cradling my hand in his while smoothing his thumb around the area where the splinter was .
the fabric was wet from the water and the added weight dragged them down until i could see the area leading toward his most manly place and how the skin there was n't as tan as the rest of him .
the area was beginning to itch and this was good relief .
his thick , hard length pushed insistently against my lower abdomen , and the area beneath my bikini bottom began to throb .
i 'd been applying hydrocortisone cream to the area , and it was helping .
i left the grill lid open and bent under , looking for the little area to stick the lighter .
he was gentle , carefully licking and suckling at the entire area until my legs shook so badly i could n't stand .
the area just below my ribs burned with emotion , buzzed with the wings of a thousand butterflies .
gently , he held it up to the area that bore the marks of blake 's fingers .
` ` are you having any kind of cramping or discomfort in your abdominal area ? ''
the flesh is torn in this area , '' he said as he applied more of what i assumed was an antiseptic wipe .
i never noticed how full his lips were until he pursed them , blowing out a stream of oxygen over the damp area the wipe left behind .
it will numb up the area where you 're wounded and take away a lot of the sting .
i worked as quickly as i could , injecting the medicine and trying to move it around the area .
when i got to the wounded area , i began poking at the red and swollen flesh .
without waiting for her reply ( like she 'd say no ) , i lifted her hand and pressed my lips near the area i was applying pressure to .
i was n't supposed to get that area of my arm wet .
my stitches were looked at , the area around them was cleaned , dried , and then a new bandage was applied .
this part , right here , '' he whispered , grabbing the area just above my hips , ` ` is a perfect fit for my hands .
brody kept sliding upward around to the front of my thighs , traveling to the sensitive , secret area where my body met my legs .
i sat up and stared down , lifting the bandaged area and checking it to make sure nothing was wet , bleeding , or coming loose .
i stroked the area of her waist that was bare , just below where her shirt had ridden up .
when i was finished , my hands lingered a little bit longer than needed in the area just below her breasts .
it took two wipes to clean the area and then i dried it gently with a piece of gauze .
she said nothing as i smoothed the large patch over the scraped and bruised area carefully .
his tongue teased along the back of my hairline , licking and then blowing over the moistened area .
` ` careful , darlin ' , '' he grunted , and i gentled my hold around the area that was still healing .
she used the clippers on the side , shortening it up a bit and then cleaning up the neck area .
her tongue swept the roof of my mouth , and i groaned , my pulse picking up as all the blood in my body rushed to the area between my legs .
my tongue swept across the skin , lavishing the area with warm moisture , and he groaned .
feeling a little bolder i rocked forward , the area between my legs rubbing against his jeans , and tugged a little harder on the ring as i slipped my tongue through the center .
instead of jamming them on my person or stashing them in the glove compartment of my car , i reached up under the wheel well of the back tire and found a small area to place the keys .
even in the darkness , i could see the swelled area of her eye , make out the bruises all over her face .
ever so lightly , he brushed the tips of his fingers over the area and i winced .
nathan 's newly free hand wrapped around my lower back , his palm spanning my waist as he ducked his head and pressed his lips to the injured area .
the area around nathan 's eyes became pinched .
you appear to have suffered blunt force trauma to your torso area . ''
my skin was angry and red where it had been and there was a red rash covering the area .
he lifted my arm and pressed a soft kiss to the irritated area .
he swiped at my lower lip , frowning at the area that was still slightly swollen .
nathan stroked the area where soft , short curls grew .
instead , he swirled his fingers around in the moisture , coating the entire area with my personal lubricant .
his eyes darkened until they looked like midnight as he took in the swelled area and the splotched bruises .
he buried his face against my neck and used his tongue to wet a circle of tender skin , then pulled back slightly to blow across the area .
his palm covered my breast , gently kneading the area and causing my hardening nipple to brush against the smooth fabric of my bikini top .
the taste of him clung to the inside of my mouth while he finished cleaning the area around my new stitches and then applied some sort of covering .
he reached out tentatively and touched around the tender area where my stitches were .
the area between my legs began to throb , almost like it had a heartbeat of its own .
his head was tilted back and i could n't read his expression , so i scooted just a little closer , my face right in his pelvic area , my feet hanging off the hammock , and i wrapped my lips around his hardness .
i rocked against him , sliding along his pubic area .
he buried his face inside my neck and used his tongue to wet a circle of tender skin , then pulled back slightly to blow across the area .
gently , he turned my head so he could see the area he stitched .
he pressed his slightly open mouth to the hollowed area between my hip and my pelvis , making my hips lurch upward and my hands search for his head .
i reached up and brushed the still - stinging area and prayed i was n't going to get a black eye .
he bent , his breath brushing across my face before he pressed his lips not once , not twice , but three times over the area .
my hip caught the edge of the cart , and i groaned and grabbed the area where it hurt .
cam brushed away my fingers and then gently probed the area i pointed out .
the knot on the back of my head was tender and i investigated the area around it with my fingers .
he titled it down and parted the still damp hair away from the sore area .
i made a noise in the back of my throat - a noise that irritated the already sensitive area .
i lifted my wrist , the bandage just dangling from the area now , not covering or protecting a thing .
his chin rested on the crown of my head and i could feel thin strands of my hair stick to the scruffy area of his jaw .
he asked , his eyes affixed to the area he mentioned .
her eyes scanned the area where my scars used to be .
sam cleared his throat and the area around his eyes tightened before he asked , ` ` have you seen him in your dreams ? ''
the area around sam 's mouth tightened and pain was the briefest emotion through the liquid honey of his eyes .
i sat up and pulled my hand into my chest , rubbing the sore area a little .
all the muscles in that area tightened and my eyes slid closed .
he smoothed his hands over my shaven area and sucked in a breath .
he had many techniques that could give her pleasure , and he rotated his h*ps so that his c**k swirled within her , rubbing the sensitive areas just inside her well .
all his efforts became focused on what she was experiencing , what his c**k felt like deep inside her , all the pleasure building in a line , it seemed , from the outer part of her to areas almost indefinable inside .
she explored the affected area and suddenly she could smell an intriguing spice , a very familiar spice ... like cardamom .
as though attempting to pull a sticky portion of adhesive tape from very tender skin , she started mentally plucking at the strange area .
each pressed fingers over the area above the access point .
he had wished for death many times over his long lifespan , but never as fervently as he did while beth adams rattled off breastfeeding statistics , her baby sucking industriously , mouth fully around the entire areola , as sam was quick to point out , finger outlining the area in question .
it had been so long since he 'd made love to a woman , he 'd nearly forgotten the torturous pleasure , the slow cadence of sex , the teasing anticipation , the discovery of a woman 's erogenous areas .
for a second , i wished that i had worn a different shirt , one that did n't have a coffee stain on the stomach area .
` ` oh , jonathon , '' she breathed , her skin dewy , her clavicle area a deep pink from heat and arousal .
every time she shifted , she smelled a man 's cologne wafting off her blouse and other areas .
unrecognizable , covered in blood , anne was lacerated from hairline to waist with multiple stab wounds , a bowie knife placed mockingly in her other hand , her chemise and huge areas of her flesh shredded .
in addition to neck injury , victim was cut seventeen times in the chest , abdomen , and genital area , most wounds 12 inch in width , with a significant amount of depth .
shelby tucked some hairs that had fallen out of her loose ponytail and wondered if she should warn him that he was about to cut off circulation to a vital area , with the way he was now completely poking through the eyelet hole .
maybe she 'd planned on painting her nails or waxing her bikini area and could n't if he was hanging around .
i can feel the blood pumping through my body in a hard , fast beat , flowing and racing through my veins and converging in one area .
i tug the quilt up around my waist until my hip area is sufficiently padded , though it 's barely necessary , as my cock has deflated quicker than a popped balloon .
i stroke the sensitive area through the material and she clenches her legs , pulling me in closer to her .
i slide my hands along her thighs , my thumbs coming dangerously close to the naked area of warmth between her legs .
i ' m straining against my jeans as my fingers touch the wet , tender area between her legs , and if i was n't so f**king caught up in the way she 's kissing me , i 'd have to grit my teeth to restrain myself .
he nibbles and nips his way down to my shoulder and dips his tongue in the hollow area where my shoulder and neck connect .
i 'll clean it and bind the area .
smash hard things on bone and pointy things into softer areas . ''
thoughts of those bastards aiming their fists at chloe 's vulnerable kidney area dumped acid in his gut .
lori smoothed the cream , covering the area he 'd shaved .
her fingers detoured past the shaved area to the bruise on his shinbone where she 'd kicked him .
the cool ocean air hit wet areas of skin and she shivered .
he paused to taste every inch of exposed skin , lingering over extra - sensitive areas until she begged him to hurry .
but that same motion set off fireworks inside her brain and triggered mini - explosions , the equivalent of minefields in strategic areas of her body .
he tapped the area over his heart .
first we 'll loosen the area with wet heat wrapped around your shoulder , and then i 'll check your mobility . ''
` ` moist heating pads , '' she explained , ` ` on the affected area . ''
the light tugging at her scalp found an answering pull in other areas of her body .
hot muscle pulsed beneath her fingertips causing an answering tug deep inside her , in areas he 'd already loved thoroughly .
` ` looks like a concussion and some bruising in the neck area . ''
the tightening in other areas , well , kayla would ease that as well .
he nuzzled the sensitive area between her neck and shoulder , alternating soft love bites with longer laps of his tongue .
the fire started in the electrical box , but the fire department came quickly and only one small area was damaged .
instead he buried his face in her neck , suckling the sensitive area of flesh and inhaling the fragrant scent of fruity soap and shampoo he associated with annabelle .
there was one thing i wanted to ask her about and that was the scar that cut horizontally right around the area of her bikini line .
he licked my belly button , causing me to shiver and heat to pool in strategic areas in my body .
the problem was that they were skinny jeans and a little tight in the hip area , so all he did was pull me off the bed .
i knew that him kissing any part of my body below the waist was going to lead to more kissing in other areas .
the former was confirmed when i turned back to will and his eyes went right to that area and lit up .
i stage - whispered the last part and motioned in the general area .
it was n't my imagination that his eyes went to that area when i did it and lingered longer than they should have .
and yes , his eyes were resting quite heavily on that particular area .
he put his hands over the area .
i had no idea how sensitive that area of my body was until now .
` ` cross my heart , '' i said , crossing my hand over my chest , which drew dusty 's attention to that area .
both jumped up from the sofa and began to back up , so adrian levered the gun in their direction and said , ` ` move again , and i 'll shoot you both in an area most men consider exceedingly important .
she sponged and patted dry the area around the bandage while reynaud gently wiped beatrice 's face clean .
he tilted his head and shaved the area next to his ear in short , careful strokes .
below that was an area pitted and reddened , the skin thickened and leathery - looking , perhaps some kind of burn scar .
then , too , the areas where he 'd been wounded made themselves known , throbbing as he ran .
he carefully lifted the corner of the bandage covering the entry wound and found the puckered hole in her side oozing blood , the area around it red and swollen .
he glanced down and noticed that the bullet had taken a small chunk of skin with it , leaving the area raw and bloody .
it burned like a bitch , totally was n't meant for such a delicate area . ''
speaking of delicate areas , trevor 's hand was still between her legs , except he was n't stroking anymore .
the piece of glass within her hands had been driven through my original impact area , severing the thing in half .
i touched it tenderly , wincing as pain lanced through the area where the creature had struck me .
whitney manipulated the brain 's filters as well as opening up more areas in the brain to be used .
ethan shot him full of painkillers and deadened the area before cutting out the first small chip , but still , it hurt like hell .
according to him , many areas of the body have their own built - in programs for regrowing themselves if they 're damaged .
she concentrated on the most damaged areas , around the bionics where the electrical signals had been severed , and stimulated the growth in those precise muscles and nerves needed to drive the bionics .
there were close - ups of her mouth , eyes , br**sts , and vaginal area .
he pressed hard into her , stimulating her most sensitive area deliberately , feeling her body 's instant reaction , the sudden jerking of her muscles all around him , contracting harder and harder , until the fury of her orgasm rocked both of them .
luther pulled out his own medical kit and wiped the area around her hip with more antiseptic before applying a topical antibiotic .
she watched him apply a powder and ointment before he pressed a large pad over the area .
she 'd stopped the blood by cauterizing the area .
he abandoned the cloth and worked the area of her discomfort with his fingertips .
i know you 're probably tired of physical therapy , but it 's going to take some diligent pt to strengthen that area again .
she paused at the most sensitive areas , causing me to close my eyes and brennan to shudder in pleasure even though he kept his lips pressed tightly together .
she splashes some water on her face and pats it dry with a hand towel , careful especially around the still bruised and cut areas .
a nail file was sticking out of his collar bone area , and blood was pooling around his neck from the wound .
candi twisted in her seat , reaching through the center area to pat sarah 's leg .
candi grinned again , for the first time feeling a little lighter in the chest area .
sarah was gesturing to two separate areas of the root system .
on my way out , i look at mack and maeve while carefully avoiding looking at andie 's crotchal area .
she struggles out of mick 's grasp and walks over to charlie who 's lying on the ground , gingerly feeling the area around his broken nose and puffed up eye sockets .
that area was still sore .
in the other cases , the bedspreads and sheets had pooled right over the men 's groin areas .
` ` i ' m going to remove the bullet , and i 'll sew you up , but i do n't have anything to numb the area .
` ` i - i do n't have anything to numb the area . ''
a soft peal rang out from the area of dee 's left side .
he knows that area like the back of his hand .
` ` do n't touch this area ! ''
she apologizes , but does it again in a few other areas .
the burn is immediate and i scream out in pain , backing away as i cover the area automatically with my hand .
my parents rush in , and the minute they do i hold up my arm , the blistered area bright red against my skin .
i wipe my finger softly over the raised area again and another layer comes off .
i push my shirt off my shoulder , exposing the golden area .
rule number two : if you are hit , you do not need to leave the game unless you ' ve been hit in the torso or the head - they 're the only areas that would have any real effect on a vampire .
he was well built in the upper body area and had notable speed .
we all heard a moan coming from the area by our feet .
the area around the bite was beginning to bruise , too - he had n't been gentle .
a bite from one of these affects both areas in a few women . ''
i felt a tugging around my torso - second voice was cleaning the area around the tube and placing a fresh dressing .
my ribs and the surrounding area were so tender i wanted to scream when i was washed there .
his hands brushed over my abdomen and more private areas , making me blush .
` ` the less cushion under the skin , or the bonier you are in a particular area , the more painful the tattoo .
how does he do this to mehe 's only touching a very small area of my body , and the hormones are flying .
the entire area around his right eye was black and blue .
then , he pushed his fingers in as he began massaging the area that he knew drove me mad .
you might give heather a run for her money in the boob area . ''
his hands fluttered over the area as if he was afraid any minute now i was about to go all warrant officer ripley on him .
she pressed her hand on her lower abdomen , testing the area .
the neckline was one - shouldered , and it was practically backless , sheer from the waist up , with a few silver rhinestones crowding certain areas .
the see - through fabric went over both shoulders , and hundreds of small silver rhinestones grouped together to cover the breast area and then broke apart as they traveled up to the neckline .
none of us wore it an area visible to mortals or fae .
i did n't have to look down to know he was noticing that a certain area of my body thought the room was chilly .
my breasts ached , and the area between my thighs pulsed .
mouth dry and the area between my thighs pulsing , i watched him stroke himself from base to tip .
his tongue lapped at the sensitive area behind her neck .
he bent and kissed the area just below her bared navel .
i shaved away a little of jamie 's abundant mane , just below the swelling , and soused the area with alcohol for disinfection .
i held the area of scalp taut between the index and third fingers of my left hand .
grey put down his cup and rubbed gingerly at his forehead , trying not to touch the swollen area around his eye .
she wildly gestures to the area near her neck .
like when i ask her thoughts on an outfit , and i ' m not really searching for complete and utter honesty , and she drones on for twenty minutes about how i should wear something that flatters my figure because , let 's be honest , god blessed me in the top area , but fell short on the hip portion ... yeah , that 's how ashley talks .
every single one of his glorious abs are exposed , and i even spot some of the smooth skin beneath the ripped - out muscles that lead to very private areas .
my hands fly up to my bang line to cover the now possibly dented and crushed area of my skull .
i tremble when his fingers lightly trace the area , but this time , it 's not because i ' m cold .
very intimate areas of me press against him , and i blow out a long stream of air to prevent myself from hyperventilating again .
i can talk to him for hours , plus he makes every area of my body hot and drives it close to the brink of insanity .
he showed not because of my- '' and i wildly gesture at my top area ` ` -stuff .
noah traces the small bones on the top of my foot , and i ' m amazed how the simple touch races up my veins to private areas .
his fingers begin this slow dance , lingering in areas , exploring .
only a slight discomfort this time and in the dark private areas in my mind , i liked it more than i hated it .
and i especially fixate on how when noah shifts up , it creates addictive sensations in certain areas that i really , really ... i mean really like .
heat gathers in every single delicious right area .
there are some that do n't connect , but these ... '' another slow caress against my skin , then another highlighting of areas .
his fingertips trace the area where my bra had been , and i shiver as he reaches the front .
rocks dig into my knees and warmth rushes to the area near my eye .
lightning zaps up the vein of my inner thigh and straight to very private areas .
` ` you 're not losing me , i ' m just ... '' hardy paused , feeling a sharp stab in the area of his conscience over the lie .
` ` i love you , '' he whispers , wetness coating the area under my ear .
like the flicker of a snake , he teases my sensitive nub , causing me to shudder , before he sweeps his tongue sweetly back and forth over the area , as if in apology .
just enough that i can comfortably get to the area you want inked . ''
hemi tugs the material down , wiggling it over my hips and lowering it just enough that he can easily access the whole area .
i reach between us to raise my shirt , pulling it up along my ribs , exposing the area where he 'll be drawing .
i cup my hands and ladle water onto her thigh , gently rubbing the area .
` ` well , my last one is right here , '' i say , pointing through my clothes to the area right at the lower edge of my bra strap .
though my head was abuzz , bo 's grip on my shoulder reminded me that the area was painful .
i 'd be sure to treat any ... sensitive areas right away .
i pinched the area between my thumb and forefinger and squeezed , but nothing came out .
though admittedly , in vegas , every area was at least a little bit questionable .
the chest area was at least covered , though the straps on the tank looked in danger of falling off .
he had some nice ink , a gorgeous tree tattooed on his back , covering almost the entire area .
it was loose like a slip that had been cut off right under the boob area .
his teeth grazed my skin , rough but not hard , and he slid his lips and teeth over the sensitive area under my ear , and i was n't sure if he was kissing me or getting ready to eat me .
but if she 'd broken up with her asswipe boyfriend more than two weeks ago , why was she still keeping that area waxed ?
and feeling his hardness rub the sensitive area between my legs was making me needy again .
he circled her sensitive area with his thumb and she dropped her head back .
his hand dipped beneath her dress until he found her most sensitive area hot , wet , and ready for him at the slightest of touches .
her fingers dug into the sheets as she felt his tongue lap and swirl and tease her most sensitive area .
he smiled and gestured to his lap , where an impressive area of strained fabric made his physical interest plain .
she took a deep breath , reached out and felt maude gonne under the blanket , tucked into the restricted area where her thigh met her belly .
it is impossible to see the hot spots in a ship 's engine , the places where small areas of metal , weakened by fractures or the strain on its joints , reach terrible internal temperatures .
they worked around the areas that had buckled , which were not safe to walk on .
the two men gazed across the repainted surface , the sectioned - off areas where her innards lay exposed to the night sky .
every time i stepped outside , that scarred area seemed the focus of renewed attention .
i see a tan line , and immediately think of how i had my hands all over the area south of it just yesterday morning .
huffing and puffing , i tried to adjust to the temperature as water cascaded down the front of my dress and other areas .
as she rolled around the wand , karen pointed to an area on the screen .
he uses his thumb to rub the pink area around my nipple , mimicking what his tongue is doing to the other one .
he retrieves the ultrasound picture and moves his pen over an area on the screen .
` ` your ovary is enlarged and these dark areas are fluid - filled cysts . ''
he twitches when i get to the sensitive area just beneath the head .
when i got out of the shower , i used a mirror to look at the back of my head and saw it continuing to bleed quite a bit although areas of it had clotted .
she appeared to be nude , just their hands covering her private areas , while they modeled a luxury line of men 's swim trunks .
she watched me with wide eyes as i slowly peeled her panties down her legs , exposing her most sensitive area , and dropped them on the floor at my feet .
i feel the warmth spread from our joined hands through my body and parts of me tingle as the heat finds its way to my most private of areas .
the sheer fabric on my lace panties does little to dull the sensation of his hardness pushing into my most sensitive area .
and not just my private area .
he looks amused watching me , so i settle on a spot even though he 's pressed up against me in my most intimate of areas .
i wiggle a bit as he reaches the top of my ass , his thick fingers halting only for a second before they continue their assault downward , gently pushing their way in between my ass cheeks , tracing the outline of my most private areas .
that hangs from the corner of the cardio area .
jax continues kissing along the area that caden injured with his menacing forearm , not neglecting any of my bruised skin .
he points to an area of my ribcage .
lana started to say something , but it turned into a grunt as tyler went over a particularly sensitive area on her lower back .
he lowered his head and licked the sensitive area right where my neck and shoulder met .
her nipples were erect and she was gently teasing the moist area between her legs .
of course this ship does n't have a bilge , but there are areas that resemble a bilge .
that way we fixed the damaged areas , but left you intact .
the sheet that reflected the respect for privacy by the two men for each others loved one also hid the progress in those areas to john .
with his main attention diverted to nether areas , she was able to facilitate hammers involuntary bow by an elegant two handed arm twist .
hammer staggered up , his pride smarting almost as much as his bloodied nose , and almost as much as an area that would require ice packs later .
piyuss protective wards were great for stopping attacks directed at his body but did nothing to prevent area attacks from affecting him .
open mouths stared at the projection as he continued , pointing over and over to areas and systems on board the citadel that not one of them recognized .
the images jumped from one area to another as tony spun his head in all directions in a panic .
he theorized that all areas struck by lightning were altered time wise , and that over the billions of years the earth was pock marked with small areas of time shifted matter .
the best way to do that is to make individual baseline images of your vital body parts so you can just heal those areas , as needed .
on the way out , my ex - targets friends got all pissed off and started dropping mortar rounds in my general area .
the goggles had protected the area around bens eyes , but all of his exposed skin from the collar of his t - shirt up was a mass of angry red welts .
they wore banded armor around their torso , though a large spot in the sternum area was open , a spot that revealed their branding .
burying his serrated blade deep into the meaty area of austin 's shoulder , the sheriff yelled loudly , a mixture of pain and shock to blame .
a single blow , in a sensitive enough area .
i m also willing to bet that a lot of areas will be inaccessible organs as opposed to the airways we are currently in .
basically , we reckon that these little fighters have two primary weapons ; their energy weapons heat and soften the hull of target ships , and when its all nice and melty , they drop this right on the weakened area .
fortunately , they re clean cuts , so its simply a case of rebuilding the hull around that area and then adding the hull plates and the internal systems like power , electrical , air .
grgoire would not hear of that talk , however , and stubbornly declared that , instead , the ship would be repaired better and stronger than it previously had been ; he ordered the damaged areas reinforced and up - armoured , so that the ships obvious weak points would be better protected in future engagements .
he grabbed his arm , blue and purple rapidly spreading over the area .
the reinforced carbon fiber that the suit was made of could stop everything from knives to bullets , while the light - weight ceramic armor plates that covered his joints and vital areas could absorb the impact of a car all without affecting his dexterity and flexibility .
with the handy dan parts taped over different areas of his body , he used his day offhis night , actuallyto cross town and enter the black market zone .
... with new technology designed by the one president harris kole himself , we were able to alter this photograph to show how dominic scalazzo has agedthe picture changed slightly so that his face looked more worn around the edges , his hair a bit thinnerand also to apply the bruises and swollen areas witnesses claim to have seen .
a sharp pain in his tenderest of areas .
the section had been doing significant damage in all areas .
' my girly bits , ' i say , using my finger to indicate the general area .
sandark waved his hand over another area of the right arm of his chair .
he then touched the area close to franklin .
the chest area was partially open from a split that ran from the left shoulder to the waist ; the way in .
incisions in the stomach and chest area were held open by clamps .
it brought a feeling of incestuous invasion , no area immune , no function too private .
the impacted area ran from the tip of my nose down onto my neck .
despite his clear protests to anyone who would listen the evidence found on a secret , password protected area on his computer was damming , and kates colleagues were expecting him to spend a long time in jail .
he cut the first subject from the breast bone down to the pelvic area .
but my attention is suddenly locked closer to the right side of her collarbone and shoulder area .
she was rubbing the area with her left hand , its artificial .
he moved to her well defined stomach , making sure the fabric covering her more intimate areas was still in place .
watching the final blow , he saw the mystery man stab hamza in the kidneys , or what looked to be that general area , taking him to the ground and leaving him for dead .
gently slapping the area a few times to get the vein to show , he carefully inserted the needle into her arm , the blood coming back into the syringe assured him it was a good vein .
there is a slit in the crotch area with a penis inside and a very small rectum .
then , another incision is made along the collar bone and the skin covering each side of the chest area and abdomen is pulled apart , exposing a rib cage and large organ .
they both noticed the cored out incisions in the rectal and genital areas that was made with surgical precision .
i was in a lot of pain in my head and chest area .
serinae then placing her longbow over her shoulder drew her two short swords and swung each with great accuracy slicing , chopping and dealing lightning fast stabs aimed accurately at the area of the torso where normally can be found the heart .
my mind cleared , concentration tight across my brow , the accompanying uttered ancient prayer , the flare of the energy around jondriss shoulder beneath my extended fingers enclosing the area in its warm healing spirit and at last jondris opened his eyes .
in front and above this raised area with buttons was a black shiny surface .
curiously her hand seemed to go up to the back of her shoulder she rubbed at the area deep in thought .
bare footed she slid down the dunes to the beach , i noticed that she only wore her leather trousers and jerkin the laces of which were hanging loose exposing a v shaped area of her skin the soft leather looked slightly damp .
all of us were bleeding from any uncovered areas of skin , but luckily all the wounds were superficial none very deep .
we found ourselves trying to cover every area of naked skin yet still the flies seemed to be able to penetrate our clothing and bite incessantly as we walked .
this wound required considerable work repairing the bone but finally with a salvaged piece of wood used as a restraining splint , a dressing to cover the area and a sling for i could not risk him ruining my work if he tried to use the hand again over the next few days .
as i searched i could detect a tight knot within the childs gut , something was not formed right , this knot was causing a barrier to the flow of food and a red angry area before the knot indicated a soreness , the beginnings of an infection .
i directed warmth to the area of the knot , gently trying to figure out what was wrong , then i saw the problem , the area had formed wrongly and the gut walls were joined together where they should be free .
i directed warmth to the area of the knot , gently trying to figure out what was wrong , then i saw the problem , the area had formed wrongly and the gut walls were joined together where they should be free .
then one of the tendrils struck an area of stone that looked like clear crystal .
his reinforced frame was more than adequate to defend against the laser blasts unless they managed to hit with precision in a vital area .
i am programed to know the different areas of my carrier and will not be gripping .
when the wound was cleaned kt took a small bit of moss from the pool and placed it on jons face , do nt remove the field dressing , it will accelerate the healing process , kt-7 had removed most of her survival uniform but left just enough to cover herself in the essential areas .
the ship seems to think it can remove the lump and reconstruct the damaged area of your lung .
jess was aware some hull areas were covered by only minimal shielding now .
it will repeat every couple of minutes till you acknowledge it by scratching that area .
there s a small area in the shields that s far weaker than the rest , something to do with the way she was built from the three old ships .
teeko lowered himself to all eight legs , meaning his back covered a large area .
the layer of transcendental levitation was among the first areas of lincra to be washed away by the flood of tears .
so what s happening in the areas of their brains used for hand control ?
after several such visits , she had found the doorway leading to the area of dawns brain where her specialist psychological knowledge was stored .
there is an area , right here which can send messages to the brain as you drift off into sleep .
it is attached to the area of your brain which relays messages as you drift off to sleep .
hydra tried to concentrate on the area where he had heard pluggos voice .
once she had covered the entire area with the strange smelling substance , she started to tightly wrap the ankle in the leather strap until she had used the length of it .
she grimaced with pain and began to softly rub the injured area of her scalp with her right hand .
the usm tailors were clever when they made my suit ; certain areas had thick padding stitched in meaning the body - glove was more modest than it could be .
only while i was putting my body - glove on did i notice i was bleeding in some areas .
his body - glove was torn in most areas to reveal the grey skin underneath .
he stabbed at one particular area where the red was alarmingly prolific and adjusted some settings to effectively diminish the noise .
the critical areas they needed to access blinked with a tiny red beacon .
that area needs to hold pressure .
it stops over the areas where marissa is seriously hurt .
the black masks only covered the area around our eyes , but the wigs did a lot to throw people .
from within the grey and white cartoon character emerged luke rosenhart , or rather tripp , with his mask covering the area around his eyes and his black beanie completely disguising his white blonde hair .
the sponsor would then perform an implant scan of the area and determine the viability of the hit based on evidence of peripheral consequence .
but here in the jungle , as rosita pressed against me and i felt all of her amazing curves accompanied by the areas of her body that were so strong they seemed to be made of coiled steel , i realized what it felt like when a real woman flirted with a man .
the dark cloth looked to joe like a combination of blackened steel and smooth kevlar armor , ` ` around certain areas of the suit , like the chest , legs , arms and groin are several sheaths of ablative titanium ; completely shock resistant . ''
the hud showed him the suit was beginning to commit resources to the damaged area to negate pain and enhance muscle efficiency .
the suit hud displayed a reading showing resources being distributed through the inner layer of the suit to the wounded area , increasing his pain tolerance .
his leg stung from the sword wound , but the suit was doing an admirable job delegating resources to the traumatized area to mitigate the pain .
whisper thought of the command ' open left thigh compartment ' and sure enough , a small container in the thigh area of the suit sprang open .
blood seeped through several slashed areas on his suit where the ultra - sharp parang blades had found their mark , cutting through the kevlar - rynohyde with ease .
apparently it is your quick thinking though that saved her life , had you not removed the infected area then no amount of surgery would have been enough , she would most likely have turned before you made it back here .
her jet black hair was pulled back tightly , and despite its best efforts her uniform did little to hide the fact that she was not lacking in the chest area .
he picks him up by the neck area and starts to squeeze viciously .
he s got a wound in his left abdomen area .
there s a fire coming from within their chest areas .
he looks for the origin of the wound , i presume as he places his hand on the bloodied area .
i lie down on her upper chest area and feel someone squeeze my shoulder tightly .
he quickly gets up like a rubber band and examines his jaw area .
i run over to the dragon and jump on its foot and slash it in its ankle area making it more difficult for it to move about freely .
i see him as he punctures tiny holes in different areas of the beast .
she rubs her hands on my back and shoulder areas .
darwin hits him again and then swings his scepter to strike uriel again but this time in the head area .
it begins to strap itself to my neck area and i m in a lot of pain .
and i see my window of opportunity as i strike her in chest area .
the uligart grunted in pain , tears rolling from his eyes as she alternated open - handed palm strikes and close - fisted punches to the delicate area .
emerald blood spewed from its body as ezas ax tore through its flesh and struck joints and other exposed areas .
an older man appeared on the screen before them wearing his full regalia , a black trousers and a black thick long sleeve shirt that had a white splitting line that ran from the neck area down to its tail .
she had on a white dress , which had a golden liner on its tail and neck area .
he took notice of her long white dress , which had a gold trimming on the bottom and the neck area of her dress .
the demon quickly tightened its muscles in the area holding the blade of the scythe , making shawn unable to pull it out .
he rubbed the back of his head and slowly walked towards nick , who was grabbing his hurt area and lying on the bed .
startled , lodestok prodded the area where it 'd been with his boot , but , encountering nothing , he felt irritated and stormed down the stairs his brows hitched together in a beetling frown .
as for the make them angry part , jo is not too happy about that , as it involves poking the cut - tager in a rather sensitive area .
i note that as well as him having four arms , he does not have legs , but instead , his trunk seems to terminate in curved areas the bottoms of which touch the ground .
i figure it ll take at least two days for that area to drain off .
by his own confession , the man was all over that area .
despite her feminine demeanor , her hands had rough areas and a few scrapes on them .
the process seemed to work on probing all the areas of his memories to elicit a response .
this is a rough cut , so there are some areas that need some work .
the masking agent works on bodily fluids and areas where samples are normally taken .
he brought his other hand to the tree 's trunk and leaned against it hands onto the area while the rest of his body was n't leaning on it .
his long sleeve shirt came apart unlatched around the tubes area which was easily taken off .
his hands went to the sides of thura 's head to rub the area gently .
tom showed the two keos cutting open the screaming female at the abdomen area and yanked out the baby which appeared to be tom as a baby .
he grimaced from the memory as there were two pricks of pain on her neck area followed by lips as she felt the crowned male making a sucking motion onto her neck .
after sucking her neck the crowned male licked the bite area making it sting harshly followed by the dizziness stopped and removed his head from the area .
after sucking her neck the crowned male licked the bite area making it sting harshly followed by the dizziness stopped and removed his head from the area .
he unclenched the hand in response which she brought it to where their offspring was inside her rubbing the area with the hand .
he halted his following as thura appeared to be upset by her shaking form while having her face buried into the pillow in her arms around the area .
he narrowed his eyes staring at the banshee who placed a clawed hand on his shoulder gently rubbing the area .
he angrily put a hand on his chest rubbing the area as he felt the mask near his hand .
he saw the male make hand gestures towards him and the plant along with a finger running the throat area seen .
tom stiffened from the twin manoids ' ironclad clawed grips onto his arms with one hand tight onto the area .
he felt his mood stop being bad followed by calmness hitting him as he glimpsed sky blue moorra eyes peeking out of gonoid skin covering the head area .
tom shivered from the cold eyeing jacin 's face to see all black eyes where the eyes were seen through openings of the gonoid skin head covering the head area entirely including the face like a mask leaving his eyes seen .
he shifted to look at thura and opened his mouth only to get her hand covering the area .
he grimaced feeling pain in the area and did n't flinch as geelley put the knife back on his cut cheek and again cut his face with it .
he woke up with a gasp to feel a hand patting his cheek where geelley cut him he not feeling pain from the area .
you need to leave the area alone so the cheek can stop the bleeding by healing up itself .
he proceeded to do seeing he has a marking that is black colored along with seeing knife 's groves on the area where the knife dug into his cheek .
he continued to feel himself angry reached a hand toward the scar only to halt as if compelled not to touch the area .
he felt thura putting hands on his stomach he noticed seemed a bit rounded in the area .
he felt something poking his back on his cylinder body arch area that seemed to follow his entire cylinder body 's arch area from the feel .
he felt something poking his back on his cylinder body arch area that seemed to follow his entire cylinder body 's arch area from the feel .
the syringe was felt injected into his injector in the area .
he with his right hand with some effort put the syringe in his injector and sighed loudly as liquid from it went into his arm via the tubal area .
he grimaced when the scanner hit his sensitive part and gritted his teeth as it traveled up its entire length then sighed once the device bypassed the area .
he wound up feeling of metal poking him in the cylinder area on his back again along with too short pants on .
this was followed by a crying sound of a baby as the swollen area became flat abruptly .
he saw her body fly up in the air which he caught her by the neck with a hand around the area and mentally spoke mind reveal .
tom obeyed opening his eyes finding the guards had his arms from the feel of their hands on the areas .
he watched as the fallen banshee threw himself forwards in the air and landed on the frontal area head inches from his feet .
her head was felt reaching the beginning area of his neck .
he sighed from her hug to placed hands on her back gently rubbing the area feeling himself satisfied having her arms around him .
he eyed the fallen high council members to notice one as if drawn had something shiny around the neck area despite head destroyed .
he eyed the necklace pendant as if drawn to see it lifted up from the neck area and then disappeared out of sight .
he fisted his hand touching his cheek rubbing the fist onto the area .
tom felt sleep not coming opened his eyes to stare at the ceiling quite lengthy while having hands clasped in front of him on his chest area .
he sighed and rubbed the area where he recalled the oxygen mask was .
tom rubbed along with rubbing his arms where the tubes to the mask jutted from along with the feeding tube 's former area .
that includes along with fed that way through some tube in the same area as well . ''
he stared at the floor to bring a hand fisted towards the scar on his face rubbing the area while baring his teeth in some sneering angry look .
he ignored to fist his other hand bringing it to his other cheek rubbing the area followed by unclenching his fists to rub hands on the top of his head .
barry he saw was shorter than his standing height appearing to reach his chest area , standing in front of him , the hand 's owner .
i saw him touch his arm at the upper arm area with a hand after it was apparent that i could see him . ''
he reached out his other hand placing it on thura 's shoulder to gently rub the area while staring at her with a frown .
the cold lord appeared to be making some sucking gesture followed by licking the neck area and removing his hand .
he sighed and reached out a hand touching thura where the baby was inside her pressing on the area .
he stopped the roaring to fist a hand putting it on his scarred cheek rubbing the area while shutting his eyes .
tom let go watching as the baby version of the trigan went to the surface which he followed seeing it breathe air from a hole on top of its head area .
he felt himself free unexpectedly bent down coughing as a clawed hand was felt on his back patting the area .
he saw thura was accompanied with a masked highlander nearby waving an arm length device over her from head to foot and back twice along with waving it over the area where the child was inside her .
he recalled that the baby was felt by his hands ' on the area inside thura .
he found himself in an observation room to see a female highlander wearing a blue dress seated on the bed rubbing the area where the offspring was and saw that she looked nervous seeing him .
he eyed her , the medic he assumed was her as she pulled out a syringe from her sleeve appearing to not notice him watching her and with a smirk injected it into the highlander 's arm at the elbow area letting the syringe 's entire contents empty out before removing the needle then walking away shutting the door in a gentle slam .
the urthmans face relaxes , and his stubby fingers touch the area just above his heart .
he focused his hits on the base of the tail , the area between the legs , and on the creature 's underbelly .
some of these induce development in certain areas ... areas like strength , speed , and such .
it was large , much larger than it seemed from the slave area .
the area under its left eye had been damaged two days ago in a battle with pandora .
her attack also damaged the second t-2s left robotic eye , and sparks shot from the marred area as the mechanical sphere hung out of its socket and dangled by a few wires ; the eyeball continued to move and look at kat .
the first t-2 with the damaged automaton brain powered down , rebooted , by - passed the impaired areas of its processor , and powered up ; it stood , noting it lost use of its left side .
sahra had already tied her legs into a tight knot and was trying to make her bottom into a sealed area by muscle power alone .
she measured uncomfortable areas , typed it in to her holo , then stood and looked at me .
it is not quite as tall as the green one , but still taller than the other two and i ( i am five feet tall ) , with the zeppelin bouncing just below to its ` ` head '' area .
then , the sensations move , coming into each of my other five chakras ( center of my throat , ` ` third eye '' area on my forehead , my solar plexus , the front of my pubis and the bottom of my coccyx ) , and also , on the bottoms of my feet , and all up and down my spine .
before i can ask how a hologram can touch me , something rises out of my heart area and appears in front of me : a hologram of a sheet of paper with english writing on it .
its really more of a line - shape , with dozens of tiny , spiderweb - like areas branching off each section .
i look down and then out , knowing i am about to see the holographic page appearing in front of me , seemingly having come from my heart area .
the partition between my learning areas ( brain ?
each time i describe a new area , he gets stiffer .
winston said , slashing a finger across his throat area in a universal gesture .
she gestured toward her groin area .
he wore a yellow jump suit with red stripes running along the limbs , very form - fitting , with a prominent bulge at the crotch area .
she likes to be petted and likes the warm area over my power pack .
i need to scan a number of broad areas .
mullins walked over to the side of the cyborg and pointed to an area in its upper back .
dimal and aron stood to one side as noah pottered around him , forcing him back into bed and proceeding to prod , poke , and pinch each bandaged area which appeared , ironically , to be most of him .
while not exactly illegal , nella had a feeling that still having a gun in a cured area would make her a person of intense interest to the military police .
someone with access to bleach , alcohol or even vinegar can sterilize both the vial and an area to work .
and upon rubbing the rest of the mulch on the outside skin it should seal the bite area .
we can boil some water over the fire , heat a clean cloth then dress the area '' said molly as she began the task immediately .
i decided not to interrupt him , while i gently rubbed the bruised area on my forearm where the assailant 's knife hilt had made contact .
they originated from a metal clasp centered over his porta flexus , the area in his center of his torso that also luminesced .
sea life had eaten on some areas of the body , but not many .
immediately , the tension associated with the apothos erupted in the areas behind alcander 's porta flexus and eyes .
` ` each puncture led to an area of bone ? ''
` ` the bones had hollow areas where the marrow was removed . ''
the shirt had an area of fine mesh where the locket hung against his abdomen .
she traced the area along her own jaw and chin .
once he was certain that feeling in the area was blunted enough , he pushed the emetanism firmly downward until its tip pierced his flesh .
while still keeping his vision on the area of bone , he put down the glass and picked up the sleek reddish - brown emetanism .
` ` we use the sling to help us reach all the areas we need to .
the assistants inserted long , thin diamond needles into each of the shaved areas .
glover area .
it may be enough in the short run to just add armor to the more critical areas of the hulls , like the bridge , engineering , weapon turrets , life support and tactical systems .
the alarm has been triggered in the prison area , she said seriously .
once more , i checked my carried - away fantasies , and i felt shame as another sob erupted from the area behind me where she stood , so close and so naked , so broken in the water that had been skates to watch .
he massaged his ankle just above the swollen area .
peering over the side , jason froze at the sight of a leviathan , its diamond areas brilliant white , ablaze in the deep .
each time she touched the bruised area over his ribs , he clenched his teeth , held his breath .
they were coming from somewhere deep inside , some primitive area that was finely attuned to a physical threat , hell to an emotional threat .
he simply walked up to the boy , accidentally fell into him and pressed the device into his arm emitting a silent put powerful sonic pulse directed to the area of tracker insertion .
there was a theory that because totally new areas of the brain were being used and opened through etp , that there was a useful hangover effect .
after a few hours and several opponents , jeff was bruised all over from strikes and thrusts he had absorbed to multiple areas of his body .
johnny could feel her strong presence moving deep within the ailing shaman , particularly in heart and spine areas .
sammie replies , scratching his pubic area vigorously for a moment , before closing his door .
as long as you did nt touch any infected areas , there s nothing to fear .
those areas of the brain are related to memory and emotion , to put it very simply .
another light touch and the same area popped up into three - dimensional display .
using one of her knives and the one hand she was able to take off the steering wheel , she haphazardly tore off a chunk of his own shirt and made another shitty attempt at creating a bandage and a weak tourniquet around the area that seemed to have been hit by the laser shot .
her undamaged skin was doing a decent job of repelling the toxins , but the areas already damaged by stab wounds or glass were on fire with the caustic ooze .
the cylinder expanded so it was big enough to encompass the area and disappeared into his skin .
the tone was mostly somber except for voices raised in anger and frustration that seemed to come from one particular area .
larby cleaned the fish , taking care to first eat the area of the thyroid as was the custom of his people .
jeremy groaned repeatedly despite daniel 's efforts to be ever so gentle in feeling the swollen tissue , looking for the area where the purulence was most obvious .
let me get some paper for notes , '' graham replied , hugging the radio under his arm and rooting about his messy sleep area for paper with any blank space remaining on it and a writing utensil .
the areas of his skin that were not as protected were starting to burn pretty badly .
the second degree burns that were in some areas made it hard to believe that the sun had done this .
but the tentacles never made contact and he made it to the slightly safer area where john and alice were holding .
uriah jostled the area near the gun very slightly , eliciting sabrinas reply , you re not gon na hurt me ?
she then turned to richard and asked him to focus his instrumentation on that specific area of the moons surface .
but he fought through the pain and managed to successfully cut his way inside his target area .
in fact , i was feeling a strange , unfamiliar tingle behind my third eye , perhaps in the pineal gland area .
the damage to your own brain occurred in a different area , more toward the center of the organ .
thank your lucky stars i did not aim higher , i breathed in his ear as he doubled over in pain , though honestly , if your conduct just now is compensation for an area of your physique that is physically lacking , which i suspect that it is , there is not much to aim for .
the tall grass was pressed down in one area and that is probably where they struggled .
he fiddled with something around his neck area .
we do not know what all the genes are for , and we certainly do nt understand the uncoded areas .
he found that if he tucked in just the bottom edge of the shirt , the resulting lose shirt folds were long enough to cover the offending belt - empty area .
the iron surface of dannos was rough and pitted , from boiling in low gravity and other cosmic forces , except for one shiny area a few hundred meters across that was polished and melted smooth only seven earth years earlier by the final remaining nuclear weapons of earth .
he did nt know why he felt the process had not yet been completed , but having unlocked new areas of his mind , he calculated his mistakes .
gerron then pushed a button on the side of the arm and the area behind the wrist lifted up out of it .
nothing yet , although i am detecting slight energy leakage from the area of the anomaly .
yes commander , you fourteen are essential to the survival of the human race , but within a hidden area of this ship , were 5,000 eggs .
black shorts covered her private area and little else .
a faded area over his knee that looked scuffed and worn .
the area underneath was red , but looked almost healed .
perception would increase to 360 degrees when hidden sensors were installed around the head area .
he would also receive training in accessing the other areas of his mult - brain .
the alien / human hybrid studied the young womans lovely body and smiled , as he focused the sensors on her pubic area and increased the magnification .
the tiny pellet would then be transported to the groin area , where it was inserted into the urine storage area for elimination .
the tiny pellet would then be transported to the groin area , where it was inserted into the urine storage area for elimination .
use your sensors to scan the folded documents inside , and then utilizing your scans of these folded documents there , practice making them appear as if they were lying unfolded in front of your eyes -- and , i do not require a hair count of the females pubic area , that s too bad , i was getting pretty good at it , smiled the new hybrid .
as to the location , your new brain and storage area is located in a spot behind the bridge of your nose .
the white vest he wore was very flimsy , and did nt cover much of his chest area , or his flat rippled stomach .
but , master you ve already given us your big surprise , laughed brenda as she reached out and gave an area of his midsection a soft squeeze .
begged amira as she used one arm to cover her breasts and her other to cover her pubic area .
he willed his alien core to force the bullet back out into his hand and heal the exterior skin area .
a big hand covered her smaller hand as it rested over her pubic area .
in a short time his groin area would be a swollen mass of sores .
he also noticed that there was a terrible stinging in his groin area .
the young nun watched the dictator kneel between her thighs and lean forward to pick up the white flower from her public area with his teeth .
then the three organs in her stomach would be returned to an area near their owners .
he slowly began by touching her in non - sexual areas .
after each gunbarrel had been pointed at a different area of her arm within the tube , the doctor pressed a series of buttons and faint , laserlike beams came out of the gunbarrels .
brynna picked up a piece of jamess toast and ate it , i informed all of those ridiculous men that their need to name us as a group says something about their desire for unity and masculinity which can only be achieved through formidable nomenclature , which speaks to their need to compensate for a certain area of their physiques that is lacking quite pathetically .
every area of exposed skin on her body was red with both her blood and the blood of those she had killed .
with a second click , the clothes retract to the single plate for the chest area only .
she thought as she clutched the long rifle - like weapon in both her hands with a glowing orb on the end that illuminated the darkened stairwell before her and large black body armor on her torso and extending down to her groin area and up her neck and head .
he was a shirtless man with a muscular build and long silk pants , but a strange metal mask over his entire heads , large and protruding in the shape of a pentagon and his eyes began to glow a bright orange , with mechanical underpinnings in the nose and mouth area like a strange breathing apparatus , but with moving parts that twisted in and out like flower petals blossoming .
no , its a beast says drax putting his fists together and swinging at the torso area striking a blow that bent the creature over and knocked it to the ground .
she was wearing an exquisite gown of white with a red beaded design , bulging at the stomach and bosom area .
the bots head clicked and flipped down , steam roiling up from an open area where its head had been .
vrax repairs organics , the beady - eyed thing spoke , and then brought two of its limbs toward her leg , sealing the punctured areas with metallic alloy .
virtual beings the preceding facts at the beginning of the 21st century , the first simulations of the brain were performed , involving small areas where thought was generated .
some brain areas are still in good condition , murmurs eve .
she placed her hands over her stomach and rubbed the outer area of her shirt .
the body suffered impact trauma in several areas and there were both pre - mortem and postmortem bruising .
there was a high pitch deafening sound , i said , rubbing my right temporal area .
lainie jumped up from her seat , having dressed into a skimpy black denim number that barely covered her womanly areas .
it was at this point that the gravity became extremely dominant upon my center of mass , and i felt all crushed - like in the intuition area of my gut .
they moved smoothly in some constant and yet unpredictable gesture , endlessly twirling around and around ; the purpose of their movement was to produce perpetual acceleration in a particular way that would make the observers ' difficult task a bit easier , and also to avoid certain weak structural areas on the surface of the pod so that the pod , in effect , would have no weakest point ( so i would have been more accurate if i had said earlier that the whole time machine systemnot just the pod itselfwas designed to have no weakest point ) .
ysenof intuits i ' m kneading and reading beneficial booty from broca 's area in lively left temporal lobes .
because the damage was so unpredictably distributed , it took me considerable effort to find the next area with concentrated damage after repairing a previous one .
he went on to argue that this area is the center of consciousness because it has this property .
the damage there was more concentrated , and somehow i had not noticed , although i had performed significant work to repair damage in the area .
close examination of the area revealed that there was a physic granule manufacturing system under my feet .
i was hoping that damage in that area would best disrupt the ability to control related physic talents .
the reason that gel is applied to the area where an ultrasound wave is injected into the human body is diffraction .
due to the large number the energy shields were overloaded in a few areas and some slipped thru causing major damage .
simrs began converging on the defective area like spiders in and on a glass .
avatar rubbed his forehead in the same area where the round had entered dans skull .
it 's meant to increase brain activity in the areas that retrieve memory .
he moved to touch the area , and lilly squealed , no !
` ` and never ever screw with me , '' she exclaimed and emptied the last ten rounds in the crotch area of the target .
he tore out a page from the book and stuffed it into a pocket area hidden on the inside of his armors chest plate .
with his arm across his body and as close as we were he was open to a knee strike in the abdomen or if i pushed down against his arm i could use the force to spin myself back the other way and come with a right handed upper cut to the same area as well .
highlighted damaged areas around the biowarriors body begin to blink .
blinking markers point to various areas around each of the bodies , while data scrolls on each side of the projections .
` ` do you see the movement of electrons in this area ? ''
her right arm moved and a distinct area lit up .
its body seemed almost webbed together , as if bare hide was intertwined around its vital areas .
we either had nt heard any more detonations , or the darts were busy in other areas .
my mental representation of him aged the area around his eyes and mouth with a handful of wrinkles , whereas the skin in between had stretched to impossible tightness .
like , davion , wrinkles set into his skin , and pressed down the area around his eyes into permanent bruised bags .
she stabbed the fork in between his chest plates , hitting the grey area .
do you have any less hairy areas ?
now hold still , he said , and quickly shaved a small area on his arm .
it was an uncomplicated wound , though in a bad area .
sean took a deep breath , then released his own hand from the wound , giving the medical robot a clear area to work with .
nadia waited until he reached the area around his groin , then said , what s the tattoo ?
a sharp burning sensation flared up in the area he touched , he winced a little bit , and then left it alone .
he quickly grabbed the area and pulled out a large splinter of wood .
he took his hand and gently touched the area where the pressure was coming from .
a warm feeling spreads across the area .
the red area is embroidered with many designs , and the entire dress was obviously made by hand .
it was bozo and schmuk 's quarters , identical to jiggery and yakkety 's , only bozo was lifting the supplied fridge freezer above his head while jogging on the spot as schmuk struck his friend in the kidney area with repeated blows .
schmuk rubbed his kidney area .
her fingers still carried the marks , but the areas between her knuckles and her wrists were now completely clear .
the device adapts to meet and integrate seamlessly into the dendrites of neural cells which are pathways between the speech centers and the more sentient areas of the human brain .
the head was a flat triangular wedge shape that tapered wider and thicker from the mouth / nose area .
he took those emotions and locked them away , kept them in a dusty area of his mind that he would try not to visit .
when the guards awoke , they found that they were sore in some areas and had headaches that rivaled the mornings that followed their wildest nights .
i m researching temporal anomalies in the area for dr . quickly , he says .
the bot blinks red and blue lights inside the belly area .
the area feels tender , and i pull up my shirt to take a look .
i tighten my grasp on the knife , stabbing any area of the hulking man i can reach , but i might as well be stabbing him with a toothpick .
the tail and head crest were the only areas that had plumage .
they were about as tall as an average sized normie , and a bit broader in the chest area because of their massive wings .
if we were involved in a fight , it was the one area we had to protect most .
he flicked a finger over a certain area , this sent the officers into a momentary frenzy as they executed his will .
all of the doctors peered through binocular - style microscopes , manipulating their instruments on an area that was about the size of a saucer .
nathan liked to comb his hair forward , to help hide the receding areas in the front , but the stylist at the television studio combed it back and fluffed it out .
an area below his right eye would twitch slightly , once every couple of minutes or so .
i ask , indicating to the number 42 - 2 on the suits chest area .
when damage was caused to an area of a ships hull , in order to minimize the damage taken at the expense of quite a lot of energy , force in the opposite direction could be given through a network inside the hull walls .
his arm remained outstretched with his hand hovering inches from the area .
the glowing area at the front of the ship had suddenly burst into a highly energetic beam of luminescent yellow light , with sparks flying in all directions .
stood there waiting for him was l'armin , who watched as the sun gradually washed nate 's pain from the previous area away .
he almost lost control when the feeling of ice spread at the back of his head and covered what seemed to be a larger area at the top of his spine .
i myself was mistaken for one of these professional sex workers , by famed irish rocker krishna o'bannon , when he maneuvered me into a corner and rubbed his body up against mine , and felt me up until i kneed him a good one in the area of his knobbies .
he then gave the fleshy area of cindy 's upper leg a squeeze .
his right leg was stripped of skin , to the bone in some areas .
in the few areas where dark pink muscle was still attached to bone , it was lacerated and burnt .
concentrating his fire on one area , he felt a warm satisfaction when a few xaosians were sucked out into the vacuum of space , but it was only a shallow distraction .
in fact , the hands of the xaosian were the only areas not covered by their black combat armour .
came more from this evocation than from my hands immediate exploration of the presumed area of her draped bosom .
he thumped his fist against an area of the tunnel wall and felt for hollowness .
these are the areas of the brain that respond to memory stimuli .
after the shards passed through the hull they turned to white phosphorous softening the area around the hull breach , next a two - foot in diameter white phosphorous ball with an explosive ball inside slammed through the hole .
there should nt be much left at that point but they should just send some in random areas along the outer hull just to be sure , michael agreed .
basher three and four were still firing on the areas of the ship that should have the reactor and command and control , all that was left was a big gaping hole were the command and control had been , and the reactor was starting to explode making the huge pieces of the hull that remained around it blow outward .
she went to the next bust over , tapped the same area with a finger , and it opened to reveal another plastic cuboid holding another lock of hair .
the saint struck the back of the womans neck in a sensitive area almost hard enough to knock her out , and then pulled her back by her dirty pony - tailed hair , clearing the entry .
saan did nt say anything further , but she also felt the start of a throbbing in the same area .
the stinging sensation made his head instinctively jerk and that fact his neck was a ticklish area did not help .
the area around the punctures is pretty inflamed and you ve got some bruises that suggest this was a disturbing attempt at strangling .
his long , slender fingers covered an area from the base of the hand to a position on each patients forearm .
the doctor now inserted a number of acupuncture needles into various areas of the two sleeping bodies .
miniaturize it and place it inside a suitable area of your body .
fortunately , i only work via fido 's senses which are not very acute in the nasal area .
there were motor commands trying to get into the primary visual area , and signals from the thalamus lost in her phonological loop .
there were biotech replacements grafted into those areas and at the sensory input structures .
at last , a technician came over and swabbed the area on her enlarged abdomen where rome had been previously injected with the local anesthetic .
the girl working on her said , ` ` your complexion is perfect but i need to soften a few areas so that the bright lights wo n't wash out your natural beauty . ''
dark spaces occupied the areas where their eyes , nostrils , and ear openings should be .
the affected areas retain enough molecular momentum so they continue as matter .
while we were being tortured , they had had us touch each other in all of our sexual areas .
all of the red areas are spots where the surface pressure has increased .
the area that had pulled away was oozing puss now , the skin around it red and swollen .
electric sparks arced across the damaged area and he withdrew the pipe to avoid a shock .
when i can get up for more than a couple of minutes at a time , i will test the areas around the windows and doors .
my rib area still hurts , but it is not as debilitating as it was at first .
jackson frowned and glanced toward the areas of the craft where the outside cameras had already been burst by the cold .
the stranger felt an itchy feeling on the side of his neck scratched the area only to continue feeling itchiness on the other side of his neck which he again scratched with a free hand off the reins .
he obeyed yanking off the mask off his face held onto his head and facial area by straps of velcro feeling himself relieved to have it off and entered the open doorway leading to the town .
jinks did n't say a word slowly reached out a hand and touched father barry on the shoulder gripping the area in a gentle grip while still eyeing the male in the eyes him a bit taller than the male .
boss man , can i do some target practice on the soft areas before you chop up the carcass ?
max and jennie continued battling , with jennie scoring two more points with blatantly powerful attacks on non - lethal areas , but max kept racking up the tally with perfect hits .
as he was bragging about returning to azul , liliana had slowly pulled jennie 's wand out of her pocket , and had it trained on his groin area .
battle mode ( phase 2 ) - appearance is slightly canid , with elongated teeth and limbs , slightly hairy , double lycan 's normal strength - platinum causes 3rd degree burns on exposed area , extreme weakening , rhodium is deadly if introduced to the bloodstream .
look like giant , semi - bipedal wolves , 250 % over battle form strength - platinum causes 3rd degree burns on exposed area plus causes unconsciousness if exposed to blood .
the area burst with pain and nova had to bite her lip to stop from crying out .
jay attempted a nonchalant shrug , though his face continued to get even redder along the cheek areas .
he pointed to those areas respectively .
then she grabbed huxleys hand , took it away from her breasts and led it down to her pubic area where he felt the lush patch of hair that he had secretly been dreaming of .
minute embolisms ... damage to critical areas of the brain .
he unfastened tallchief 's collar , reached down to explore the chest area .
the area went numb almost instantly and the sensation spread fast .
it caught his right side and stimulated the nerves of the area it struck into a bath of pain .
he searched for the motor areas of the brain and found them with difficulty .
he considered the mind before him now , fingering mentally the areas that might respond to stimulation .
he chose one , stabbed at it , and the conscious areas flooded with life almost simultaneously .
within the mass was a darker area , dim through the surrounding milkiness , and maintaining a steady , unwinking shape .
the cepheid 's face was motionless except for the soft , trembling motion of the wrinkled area that was ms deflated drinking tube .
only my areas give these strange and impossible vagaries . '
` ` apparently they did , at least in some areas .
the one area of andrew that remained untouched by upgrading of any sort was his positronic pathways .
i wear it because hair insists on growing on my face every single day - useless , bothersome , ugly hair , some kind of evolutionary survival from god knows what primordial phase of human life , and i have my choice between going to the bother of removing it every single day so that i 'll conform to the conventional neatness modes of my society or else letting it grow on at least some areas of my face so that i can be spared the nuisance of depilation .
and where i 'd like to head for , by this route '' - he named the areas in russian rapidly and morrison struggled to translate them in his mind into english - ` ` is this area here which , if i have read your papers correctly , is a crucial node of the neuronic network . ''
that was not in itself enough , however , for his hands moved along the area as though it were infinitely slippery .
what he had to do was to find positively charged areas that would hold his hands back and then - push !
he labored to right himself even as he thought , savagely , that another improvement that must be introduced in later versions of the ship would be handholds on the seats and in other strategic areas .
and she has to find new areas of attachment to keep from losing the wall altogether .
there are matrices of paths meant to contain the laws , which stand astride all the volitional areas of the gravitonic brain .
` ` and some areas will experience a brief period of increased danger , '' dee replied .
he had explained this to sura novi and , without turning to look at her , he studied the stance of her body from the set of the motor areas of her brain .
then i shook my head , took my penknife from my duster 's pocket , and opened a cut in my left palm , in an area where the old burn scars were thickest , and which still did n't have a lot of sensitivity .
like some creep in the middle ages memorizing all that absurd st . thomas aquinas system about the universe , that creaky , false structure that finally collapsed - except for little intellectual swamp - like areas , such as in my brother 's brain .
` ` you notice these flattened areas of compression , as if the head was squeezed between something munro then called for the stone paddles that elliot had found in the city the day before .
it seemed there was some academic debate about where language came from ; people used to think language was a development of animal cries , but now they knew that animal barks and cries were controlled by the limbic system of the brain , and that real language came from some other part of the brain called broca 's area ... ... munro could n't pay attention .
` ` fifteen layers with ceramic plating over critical areas . ''
` ` it goes into the silent or nonfunctional areas of the cerebellum , '' prudence said .
` ` so you narrow down the mediating area to the frontal lobes .
flattery said : ` ` not an entity or a thing or an area of the brain , but a connecting link between such things or entities or areas . ''
flattery said : ` ` not an entity or a thing or an area of the brain , but a connecting link between such things or entities or areas . ''
` ` it has fixed memory - if you discount our addressing problems , which are n't interfering with function at any rate - and i 'll bet this thing has a protected area of memory that 's even ready with illusions when they 're necessary for self - protection . ''
scraping the same little area for what nutriment can be found .
the rest of him was a pale yellow - all except the small area of purplish bruising directly over his heart .
rick said , ` ` this '' - he held up the flat adhesive disk with its trailing wires - ` ` measures capillary dilation in the facial area .
so also had been chewed the area of the shoulder .
look into relationship with katharine nelson , pol contact in area .
[ picture ] ` ` now we are finding a fragment of dna that overlaps the injury area , and will tell us what is missing .
the radiation dose may be wrong , or aimed at the wrong anatomical area of the animal- '' ` ` all true , '' wu said .
and some skeletons had been found with an associated pile of small stones in the abdominal area .
grimacing , he rubbed the area where she 'd hit him .
her heart pounding over the task to come , she slid his pants down far enough that she could reach the area where the chip was embedded and yet still keep him dressed enough not to be embarrassed in front of the others .
desideria rolled to the floor , away from her , grabbed the weapons and landed in a crouch , both blasters drawn and aimed right at the area of narcissa 's body that should hold her heart .
with reflexes honed by the best assassins in the business who 'd taught him to protect his vital areas , darling turned at maris 's military command that warned him of an imminent attack .
they had plucked , shaved , and ` ` honed '' areas of her body that no one other than darling , her , and one other boyfriend had ever touched .
darling rubbed at the area over his heart that hurt the most .
it is only in the physical area that he could be called ` ` anomalous , '' and it is not our task here to care for the physically disabled .
we 'll sedate you and numb the area of the incision , but there are n't any nerves in the brain so it 's a relatively painless process .
it does this by activating the prefrontal cortex of the brain , an area known to be important in determining belief and credence .
just because the hallucinations seem real , that 's no criterion to go by ; most hallucinations seem real whatever the cause , whether from a drug , a psychosis , brain damage , or electrical stimulation given directly to specific areas of the brain .
in our world the secretary was hit repeatedly in the facial area ; his features were destroyed .
she took a magnifying glass and peered closer , then dictated : ` ` i observe dark areas approximately four to eight millimeters in diameter , which i presume to be clusters of nanoparticles present in the stomach lining , '' she said .
` ` well , '' she said , ` ` you see this area of tissue , and how swollen it is , and you see how it 's turned gray , which is suggestive- '' ` ` you realize , '' ricky said , ` ` that you ' ve been out there four minutes already . ''
my skin itches a little , but i can resist the urge to scratch , which would inflame the area and take away from my aura of confidence .
a local anesthetic numbs the area , so i do n't feel any of the pain , only pressure as he works .
their feet are awfully vulnerable , especially considering how much weight they 're putting on such a relatively small area .
tiny 's armor served him well in that mess , defending the most critical areas , and as hobs went for his throat the gruff started throwing his head back and forth .
a weirdly modulated voice issued from the general area of the androgynous statue 's head .
fine tooth - marks ringed swollen areas .
bandage wounded areas , apply a denocax salve to encourage new skin growth .
the leather is relatively new , and has been well cared for , as proven by the lack of cracking and flaking in other areas .
he had erased the blemish completely and then faintly shaded the area so that it looked like the rest of her skin .
she zooms in tight on an area no larger than the head of a pin , and then i see it .
her neck is long and graceful and very cold beneath my fingers as i explore the area beneath the scar for the lump .
the president may cauterize the area with little domestic uproar and small loss of life .
they checked the other areas where they had noted green , and confirmed the presence of the patches at higher magnification .
there were also other areas within the capsule that may represent life .
zentz cleared his throat , stroked the swollen area near the middle of his face that functioned as a nose .
pirgutud , as required , had bared the heart area beside his stomach and clasped his hands behind his head .
then what areas would she withhold from him ?
mckie , realizing she 'd taken the time to teach him another lesson about dosadi , could only follow , stunned , while she led him into a room where technicians bleached the sun - darkened areas of his skin .
he held out the arm , watched while ramsey swabbed the area , administered the injection , returned the hypo to the pharmacy rack .
the usual practice was to shave the vulnerable parts of the taste dog , encouraging the learner to attack those areas .
i sprayed the area twice for good measure .
` ` it had taken harness light a few minutes to bind himself to the claw beast - it was such a big area , he really had to extend himself .
he pressed a palm against the soft area on his back .
` ` yes , the nerve runner area appears sterilized . ''
simple sterilization of the area was indicated and edmond kingston could not bring himself to order it .
annoying , the way it works its way into the most sensitive area .
hali recognized the special natali area outship from behavioral and noted a number of red dots through the projection .
thomas flashed him a dark scowl which showed that panille was striking at sensitive areas .
he pushed the cylinder back in , nodding slightly when he heard it click home , and then inspected the hammer area and both sides of the grip .
the moment it 's out , i will draw back , giving you clear access to the girl 's chest area .
she shuddered , but her gaze remained on the receiving area .
the talent absorbs everything ; the esp - lobe shrivels the balance of the frontal area .
well , we know roughly that it 's in the amygdala , an anterior area of the so - called limbic system .
` ` the nps staff has developed a computer that will monitor electrical activity of the brain , and when it sees an attack starting , will transmit a shock to the correct brain area .
ellis found himself staring at the area of the skull behind the ear , where the electrodes would be implanted .
the computer was interpreting the x - ray images by drawing a simplified brain , with the temporal - lobe target area in red and a flickering blue track showing the line the electrode must traverse from entry point to the target area .
the computer was interpreting the x - ray images by drawing a simplified brain , with the temporal - lobe target area in red and a flickering blue track showing the line the electrode must traverse from entry point to the target area .
olds found that there were areas in the brain where electrical stimulation produced intense pleasure - strips of brain tissue he called ` ` rivers of reward . ''
if an electrode was placed in such an area , a rat would press a self - stimulation lever to receive a shock as often as five thousand times an hour .
ellis looked at the backs of the heads , at the area between hairline and shirt collar .
he looked down at the humbler , who had returned his head to jake 's ankle as soon as the strange hand left his general area .
as you experience a growth of your cortex area .
like a captive white rat feeding electric impulses again and again to specific areas of his braincits disgusting . ''
i thrust the tip of my staff forward , along with my gathered will , focusing it into an area the size of my own clenched fist as i shouted , ` ` forzare ! ''
she cut and shaved the area around the injury first , making mouse flinch and quiver several times .
stimulation in that area , mr . rosen , will bring about greater alertness , plus cheerfulness and a belief that events will work out all right on their own .
` ` and i ' m going to release it in the seattle area .
a palenki arm and whip shot through the opening , delivered a lashing blow to the area occupied by the caleban 's unpresence .
the enforcers jittered , their attention darting from mckie to the area where the palenki arm continued its vicious play with the whip .
raw force lanced out , focused into the tiniest area i could envision , and struck the car with a little pop no louder than that produced by stray bits of gravel tossed up against the vehicle 's undercarriage .
` ` she chose which areas of your brain were going to take the worst beating .
she seemed to take special pains with the area just below the calves , where the tendons ran .
the skinny sister - in - law , coral , had disappeared , but olive thorin was still there , looking up at the newcomers with her hands decorously clasped before that area of her body which might once have been her waist .
it was also a mutie , a nasty thing with two straw heads instead of one and what appeared to be a stuffed hand in a woman 's satin glove poking out of the chest area .
the skin throbbed in time with her rapid heartbeat and she could feel the area starting to swell .
his gaze moved from hers , his attention locked on her parted thighs and the area between .
a defense mechanism imposed by his implants , it spread the pain load over his whole body rather than just one area where it could become crippling .
i caught a crazy , distorted glimpse of movement from behind me , reflected off the chest area of jai 's encounter suit : a binary scout on a grav - board , trying for a sneak attack .
my shoulder hurt , as did the areas that had been burned by his first laser blast , and i had to find a portal and walk back to interworld .
she sighed , running her fingers over the area .
she herself had short red hair and a face which was not so much freckled as one big freckle with occasional areas of skin .
when i did , i noticed they tended to take up areas of my head .
` ` the only blood on its front was in the chest area .
autism is fundamentally a disorder of brain wiring , especially in the areas that control communication and social understanding .
and other areas are affected ; some affected individuals are highly intelligent with special abilities .
harto had noticed a large hole in the chest area of the vest .
the area around the gash in the pilot 's leg already showed signs of infection .
from studies done at harvard university on rats , we know that tms devices promote the growth of neurons - though , oddly , only in areas involved with learning and memory .
` ` so if i understand this all correctly , someone has wired such a device to the child , stimulated nerve growth in a specific area , and now controls its functioning like a switch . ''
lisa continued , ` ` we think the device is meant to stimulate that area of the brain where the savant talent lies .
and once found , the magnetic stimulation could both amplify that area and control it . ''
` ` somewhere in the santa croce area .
the human body deformed naturally , absorbed energy in soft tissues , and diffused impacts across larger areas .
the areas of the ship they moved through did n't look damaged at all .
she was less than three meters behind melba when her finger pressed the firing stud , aiming for the area of her back not covered by the skeletal frame of the mech , hoping the taser would work through a vacuum suit .
the area from his wrist to his elbow was lost in shadow .
the words were oriented so that they must have been written while vanessa crouched with her back to the door , with most of the writing concentrated in areas that were hard to see from the little window .
even by investigating the spaces between the words , those areas where silence might reveal a clue , could anyone ever ` ` get to know '' the author from such a truncated paragraph ?
as durnik and garion began carefully to break out the ship 's timbers between those ribs with the force of concentrated will , toth attacked the same area with a large iron pry bar .
since my back was going to be toward them , i wanted a good , solid layer of steel covering the area between my shoulder blades . ''
it was there , in that area covered only by chain - mail , that talen had stabbed him .
' annias might decide to have the area between your shoulder blades decorated with a dagger hilt . '
kicking out with a well - placed foot , i felt a rush of satisfaction when my shoe connected with a soft area on his person .
my fingers probed the area around my wound , trying to figure out how deep the blade had gone in and whether i should risk taking it out .
i flew forward , my chest and upper stomach area making contact with the blanket .
it moved his body enough to expose his crotch area and give me room to maneuver my leg .
little rectangles of sparkling blue light covered the area between her shoulder blades , leading all the way up to her neck and the back of her head , swarming her hair as they fluttered .
do n't worry , they 're trying to shrink the problem area in my brain with a giant pile of medication before attempting an operation .
` ` the medication is slowly shrinking the affected area , '' the doctor says , but his expression stays grim .
` ` still , the area continues to fester , and your body has begun to reject the old medication , forcing us to search for new ones .
there 's a slight hunch to his shoulders , and his skin looks thin and translucent in some areas , like it 's made of paper and might crumple if i were to touch it .
tess sits beside me and unwraps the white bandages that cover the area where the wound was .
initially we thought that we could cure it with a combination of surgery and medication , but when we studied the problem areas closer , we realized that everything is so entwined with healthy matter in your hippocampus that it would be impossible to stabilize the situation without severely impairing your cognitive capacity . ''
yves exposed the genital area of the sea monster .
bafflingly , though , the entire area from his belly button to the middle of his thighs is na**d to the world , front and back , his most private parts unthinkably out in the morning sun .
the driver had waited outside until seth saw it , then taken its time coming into the house after punching him in the chest - he rubs the area now , still bruised , but not nearly as bruised as it should be - before taking its time again to chase them through the grass .
he throws his fist down , hitting the driver 's throat on the exposed area beneath its visor .
she looks closer at the area around my swollen eye and then cuts off a piece of bandage with the little scalpel .
i feel the bandage touch the swollen area and immediately it gets cooler , immediately the pain starts to edge back , like it 's all being swept away by feathers .
viola yells to me- i scramble to my feet- but aaron 's turned , too- blood running down his face- his mouth open in a yell- he jumps forward like a spider , grabbing viola 's right arm- she punches fiercely with her left hand , bloodying it on his face- but he do n't let go- i ' m yelling as i fly at them- knife out- but again i turn it at the last minute- and i just knock into him- we land on the upslope of the stairs , viola falling back , me on top of aaron , his arms boxing my head and he reaches forward with his horrible face and takes a bite out of an exposed area of my neck- i yell and jerk back , punching him with a backhand as i go- scooting away from him back into the church , holding my neck- he comes at me again , his fist flying forward- catching me on the eye- my head jerks back- i stumble thru the rows of pews , back to the centre of the church- another punch- i raise my knife hand to block it- but keep the knife edge sideways- and he hits me again- i scrabble away from him on the wet stone- up the aisle towards the pulpit- and a third time his fist reaches my face- and i feel two teeth tear outta their roots- and i nearly fall- and then i do fall- my back and head hitting the pulpit stone- and i drop the knife .
the sutures in the wounded man 's throat had held since the litter spilled , but the entire area was red with infection .
while the surrounding areas remained black - and - blue , the skin itself appeared to be repairing .
within a hundred yards he had developed an abrasion , and stopped to cut a strip of blanket for the area in contact with the ground .
aside from his throat , the area that most concerned him was his back .
every five minutes or so , she would wring a small area of the sweater over her mouth to take in a few drops of water .
deciding it would be a good idea to get some sleep she turned and took her place upon her cushioned area .
so , we should think wisely before painting in certain male and female areas .
cbot displays a black bow tie around it upper cylinder area .
the male walks by the last sofa leg as i swing a piece of strong loose metal upon his leg area .
it is a colloquial for the physical area between the genitals and anus .
durf the lower area between a males nut sack and asshole that prevents a male from shitting on his nuts .
the area under his arms is drenched in sweat and the front area is torn , exposing his fat and bloody belly .
the area under his arms is drenched in sweat and the front area is torn , exposing his fat and bloody belly .
she wears a pink nightgown , and matching fluffy slippers , however the toe area of one is torn open , so the small bit left of her right foot sticks out .
my back usually tingles a little to let us know were in the right area , but so far i have nt felt anything .
bright yellow light covers his hand and forearm and illuminates an area beneath the attacker 's shirt .
there was something about that area that i did nt like people getting close to , and it was nt the physical tenderness .
this sent declan flying backwards , clutching at his wounded areas .
he had a nice wet patch right in his groin area .
rae sighed inwardly , guilt wiggling its way into the area by her heart .
it is so toxic that one breath or being exposed to a tiny area of skin is all that it takes .
the part i really do nt understand is why they do nt want certain areas sprayed .
his jacket had been worn and threadbare to start with , but now the gunshot blast had weakened the shoulder area even further .
after pulling my foot free , i investigated the broken area .
he immediately let go of me to grab this sensitive area and fell to the floor of the storage closet .
although he was not bleeding , he had a small area that was raw .
raising my hand to his face , i carefully touched the tender area , frowning .
he was holding my head in his hands now , kissing different areas of my face , stopping to say things between each peck .
i ca n't help noticing the dark blue ring that is now outlining the outer area of his once solid emerald colored eyes .
show us your arms , legs , head and neck area .
he knows how sensitive the area is for me .
the worn - out knee areas of his pants have mere threads connecting one side of the fabric to the other .
hal 's reply was interrupted by an impossibly loud rumble from the general area of his stomach .
his eyes were almost bulging out of his head while his jaw was hanging free and dangling somewhere around the area of his knees .
then he scrapped the note as ceorn burst into the tent and immediately cried out in astonishment , dropping to the floor as hal swung his axe forcefully right through the area where his head had been .
an uncontrolled , sudden increase in her blood pressure could have caused an unwanted tautening , a permanent tensioning , in certain areas of her skins innumerable capillaries .
cellys hands slipped around his own back , deftly , softly , caressing his own skin , discovering his own curves , his own areas of softness , of firmness .
she could once again break the air down into its separate elements , once again force those separated constitutes into every extended area of her body , controlling the pressure , altering her skins consistency , her muscles power or mass .
her neck , too , under his touch , his kisses , even , yes , his heated breath , became an area of uncountable excitable explosions of delight , each one more pronounced than the first , building and building , until she thought she could take no more but she could , oh yes , she could take more and more .
he would press lightly on all these area , wondering at the similarities , the differences , the differences , too , that lay just below the surface .
it was cracked in several areas .
the ping sounded again , and laxus felt around the area .
he was pressing his thumb against the same area where tamika had pointed to on her arm .
he literally took the shirt off his back to cover my exposed area .
determining that two large holes and several smaller ones would look legitimate enough , she wiped all of the blood from her hands and legs on the dress , in areas that seemed appropriate .
hand after hand reached for her , taking over another area of her flesh , hand holding onto hands so that they could be taken too until miyakos body was overrun and their collective force so powerful that they were dragging her down .
it seemed to be coming from a scent gland on the belly and coated the fur around the area .
in emperion , the royal family and those linked directly by blood were tattooed in visible areas to reveal their status .
he sat up , massaging the tender area .
svava would slice through the area around the heart before sending , via arrow , the killing blow .
he also pats his coat around the area of his top , inner pocket , like he s got folded papers in there .
he 'd clean in a circle , keeping as far away from her bed as possible , and clean her area last .
she steps forward and kicks me full on in the crotch and red hot pain bursts from areas that should never feel like that .
i targeted an area where i knew i could hurt the creature , but leave it with enough strength to escape .
as she greeted them , the area around my heart tightened .
it clattered on the floor , and michael saw that the area where his fingers had been was red and melting .
his hairs starting to thin on top , a tad bit of gray in the temple area , but he s still in good shape .
his tumor was in a delicate area of the brain .
he pressed on different areas of her head , chest and legs before rising to his full six - foot stature .
all i had to do was wet the small area on the bottom hem and it d be fine .
once we found the spot , i inspected the area for a tiny scar .
all that remained exposed or uncovered by wires was a round area of flesh in the centre of his torso that had been covered in a silver liquid .
her fur had started to fall away around her neck and back and in the centre of these areas were round red dots that looked like they were from injections .
moving forward , i grabbed the knife in both hands and shoved it into the unprotected area above the vampires heart .
as his hand passed the damaged areas in her spine , his fingers worked to heal the tissues , muscles , and nerves .
he worked on the areas she could n't reach because she was wheelchair bound .
this other area , he gestured behind him , is of vital importance .
i longed to free myself to beg him to lubricate the area , to give me a fucking chance to enjoy it .
` ` rapid healing is made possible with an injection of fast - mutating stem cells into the affected area .
he wondered if the thief had had time to react to the lasers firing through the open areas of the face .
the bandage across his nose was now only a small dressing but the area around his left eye had turned colourful shades of yellow and purple following the effects of his first encounter with daniel .
the cold immediately takes away the pain , numbing the area .
they ve got a sucker thing right about here , said bloom , as he pointed to areas of his head , and pincers up here , andyoull see for yourself .
they told me i had a slight infection spreading , and that i had to have some antibodies inserted into the surrounding area .
after two or three shots a day , my wrist was quite sore in an isolated area .
i did nt flinch as my head was cleaned and a large white bandage was slapped over almost the entire area above my eyebrows .
i make no protest as he removes his fingers away from my face , to explore other areas , lingering in some places ... sage , what are you doing ?
he swiped the area with an alcohol swab .
i ve discovered its best not to call attention to that area .
he was bleeding from his mouth , and the exposed areas on his arms had deep cuts that gushed out dark red blood .
they all had the same colors on their bodies in the same areas .
scar went through another round of insults , pushing his dagger into different areas of dagdrons body .
dagdron did nt want to be assigned more homework , so he tried his best to make some stabbing motions at scars stomach area , but his teacher always swiped the dagger away easily .
hell , he was already penetrating my outer area .
` ` lea really handled salena 's attacks to the body , but you ca n't expect the opponent to attack the same area twice .
from there , lea landed a left hook on the most exposed area , the liver .
then , alonso would throw strikes at her , which she would dodge and counter to any available area , either in the body or head .
the four smaller eyes were compound eyes and were found in the area of the forehead .
said luisa , whose damage was n't visible , but she was also bleeding in certain areas and swelling was visible on her face .
both seconds took a look at her face , and they could see that her face swelled in certain areas .
not only that , the right eye started to swell shut , and other areas of the face started to swell as well .
unfortunately , payton was holding lea 's left hand , and payton 's back was towards the right , making it an illegal area to attack .
alonso and fergus took a good look at lea 's face , and they found more than just areas swelling up .
now , lets go for more of the heart or head area , shall we ?
she tapped her bangle and instructed it to lead them to the nearest area of weakness in the barrier between her world and his .
when he failed to find an exit strategy , he searched fade 's massive frame for any area of weakness and discovered , much to his disappointment , that the brute was built like an armored truck .
he wondered briefly if a unibrow could be considered an area of weakness .
they each put on the thin chrome headsets that linked sensors to the occipital and temporal cortical areas of the brain , responsible for dreams including perception , visual , auditory and tactile senses .
hands exploring and appreciating the indents , the curves , the areas of suppleness , of malleability , of hardness .
its particularly damaged in those areas grazed by the hands and fingers of people eagerly reaching for the gloves .
~ after the meal , astrid helped the volva to her private sleeping area again .
i remember the attacker punching him repeatedly in that area .
gently , my hand presses to his abdomen where i elbowed him , as if it does any good to protect that area now .
her mother was twice the size of her and amply endowed in the bust area .
i gingerly touched the area around the scratches .
i ' m sure it would be a lot better for him to heal in a familiar area .
our venom knocks them out , we take what we need then lick the area , the venom on our tongues only acts like a healing agent and heals the spots to invisible .
different because they possessed one or more areas of superiority and/or inferiority .
janus had never been required to wear an equalizer because he d never developed any areas of superiority or inferiority .
moving his hand over the large touch operated screen , retired major general robert dickerson applied a slight amount of pressure to the area which displayed the recorded news broadcast .
while james jumped and looked up guiltily , pulling a pillow over his groin area , claudia was paused in her striptease .
up around the neck area is where the hair starts .
of course you have nt , said the dog , scratching at an exposed area of metal with his hind leg and making a sound that rather grated on ryans nerves .
he patted the area on the blanket beside him .
she came close and studied the wounded area .
struggling to contain myself , i tried to place the energy into a specific area of my body .
i shouted over the music , smacking her directly in the discussed area .
a few shadows snuck up on me , especially the back of my thighs and calves , which seemed to be areas of my body that were harder to protect , but i was fighting back , becoming a force to be reckoned with .
the other tackled lenny and bit him on the shouldernot a very vital area .
all eyes were focused on that area .
the area of the brain being affected is the same .
usually , the pill dulled all areas of the brain except for the one in which the person was naturally most gifted .
however , there were some people , those whose brains were naturally so evenly distributed in talent that the cure could not locate the most prominent area , who reacted differently to the pill .
i was nt sure of my strengths , or which area of my brain was the most gifted .
did nt continuous laughter make him ill in his stomach area ?
i would have suggested before you came to take a fine powder and mist over your greenish areas before you announce that you have a brilliantly blonde haired son with a nicely worked complexion ?
the pressure shifted the earths outer areas as well , causing the mantle to crack and crumble as the crust ground to dust , making it unsuitable for living .
he was certain she had produced it from her cleavage area : his head began to clear immediately .
mr . ransid used the tests to figure out where i was weak , and concentrated on those areas .
his shirt says clintons in black bold letters over the breast area .
she drifted back again , coming closer to me but saying nothing when she saw i d scrubbed my area to her satisfaction .
catrina was already there , sobbing as she clung tightly to edward , pressing hard on a bloodstained area of his shirt .
he pointed to the large burned area on conrad 's chest .
i stretched my tight , knotted muscles , testing the newly mended areas .
a rippling effect was happening over the skin beneath her eyes and in the area above her brows .
your name is only part of your physical calling in a specific realm , lina , he paused , reaching for the area over my heart , the one inside you has a name that is irreplaceable , no matter what others strive to call you .
will put his arm back down slowly and rubbed the area once like he was remembering .
reese lifted the compress back , and leland prodded experimentally at the tender area .
carefully she rolled the key over and pressed the opposite side into the unmarked area of the cheese block .
ice gasped as the pressure released and pain flooded to areas that had started to go numb .
a more thorough examination of the driver area revealed a dark smear on the outside edge of the steering wheel , directly above the stain on the floor mat .
darien knelt next to vicky and placed his right hand over the damaged area .
as he did so , darien released a tendril of power into the damaged area and forced the crushed windpipe back to its original shape .
placing his right hand behind her head to support her , he wrapped his left across the bruised skin of her neck , and pushed a bare hint of power into the damaged area , searching for the problem .
the world slipped past , unseen , as her fingers found their way to the tender area of her neck .
her right hand went up to cover the area were michael had bitten her , and her left hand rubbed her arm near the elbow .
he had a huge bruise covering the area around his left eye .
dantans cat scan showed a lesion in the area of the brain called the limbic region , deep inside .
not a tumor , an area about the size of a lemon that is thickened like a bruise .
now , its the size of a pea and is in the area of the pineal gland which you know has been associated with extrasensory perception .
swords cleaved the area where their heads had been a moment before .
he circled the area with his finger .
her lower back had an area surrounding a tear in her shirt that was red , wet , and growing larger .
when she lifted her face , i saw an area of red skin along her nose and around her right eye .
he lifted his t - shirt and inspected the bandages wound tight around his chest , cooper had placed a thick gloopy mixture across the broken area before binding him tightly .
each piece he kissed before placing it upon the sheet which covered dallon 's body , one on the forehead , one at the neck , two at the chest , one on the stomach area , one on each thigh and on each ankle .
i rubbed my hand across the areas where the black fog had grabbed me .
it was the only area that seemed to be getting a lot of attention .
jeremy looked down at the arm sticking into his chest and opened his mouth in a silent scream as he saw the area of his chest around darius arm rippling like the surface of a lake after a stone had been thrown into it .
the skin all around the area felt like paper that had been singed in a fire .
the shoulder to elbow area is composed of a semi - round puffed out stiff glittering fabric and from the elbow to the fingers .
witta tidied up his sleeping area and then draped the packs strap over his neck before he turned around and left the room .
they concentrated their efforts on that area as they uncovered an ear and more hair , bashas brown hair .
scar said , kneeling in front of the area where the monster died , his back facing me .
i shuddered as i laid eyes on the area where my mother had kneeled .
sorren examined the area that had stung so much as he d walked around owls grave .
he does nt answer my question , but instead , he reaches behind my head , to the sensitive area in the nape of my neck , and pulls my face so close i can smell his minty breath .
a forceful blow to just one of these areas can put a quick end to the fight .
when you hit a smaller area like the nose , eyes or groin , its better to use your fist anthony shapes my hand into a fist and continues , your elbow he touches my elbow , or your foot .
he steeled his courage and pressed the area around the wounds in an attempt to figure out where the broken shards might be .
therefore i am a human - like with limited amount of hair in limited areas of my biological body .
she prodded some bandaged areas and let out a low whistle .
that s just not true , he agreed , and felt an approving pat on an uninjured area of his back .
ouch , carley , said nick , rubbing the injured area .
it stimulates certain areas , it stimulates the adrenal glands .
we injected the nano - virus directly into the tumors and the affected areas .
i am deaf and i heard something else , i told myself a thousand times so as to bury of gujis words under my subconscious area .
they were spotted with brown in some cases , and contained large brown areas on others .
nervously , i fixed my hair and checked my tank top to make sure it was nt too low in the chest area .
i clutched at the area that he touched and tried to take deep breaths .
ouch , i said , rubbing the injured area .
her baby pink strapless mini dress rode up her thighs as they smothered against his crotch area .
the shorts were longer , covering more of my thigh area and my tank top was long , bordering on mini dress status .
the small of my back , plus the area just below my waist began to tingle uncomfortably .
if she had been a tree , it would be the sap , flooding up through her at remarkable speed , seeping into every area , every branch and finest twig .
it seems that they may have accumulated in a concentrated area in the right hemisphere of the brain the side that controls cognitive function .
back at the clubhouse twenty minutes later , dominic emerged from the offices limping , with an ice pack tied around the swollen area .
my face was a disaster area , i was going to scare the shit out of everybody .
he put it beside me on the car and kept patting , taking extra care in the crotch area .
she pulled down wyatts pants , which had been a loose fit across his hips anyway , and found a fleshy area to make the injection .
when he did see her in the pubic areas , there were always other people around .
i pressed again and again , over each tender area and my head swam in a soothing numbness .
she looked him over his arm was twisted maliciously and she saw bare skin at quite a few different areas , he had been scraped from the pavement she wondered how far he had flew , he was a good 30 feet from his bike .
but the reason this event had such impact is that before she brought the banana to me , i saw that she took the soft , bad , brown area that bananas often have and ate that herself , leaving a clean fresh banana for me .
then , clearing his mind of all thoughts , he waited ... and became aware of an area in the center of his forehead .
as before , the area centered above his eyes remained calm .
at last , it sat gathered and brilliant in his chest area .
his hair had nearly fully regrown , covering the shaved area that they had inspected after the accident .
he yielded to her lead and regret , immediately sensing it , began a new series of movements , which , functioning like a modulating bridge in music , transported her from one area to another .
tonight she would definitely rub the lotion on the injured area before he climbed into her bed .
it was like pointing a garden hose of death and just washing it over the area .
already critical areas in society were receiving new machines to replace those burnt out by the emp .
after he drenches one area in this miasma and siphons off all the matter and energy , except for a certain subset of neurons he leaves alone , he extends himself into another .
an alternative theory is that , like an octopus , he extends tentacles into different areas over the whole of the brain , excreting his miasma through the tentacles and then sucking back up energy from the neurons he touches , leaving a few key ones alone that will obey his will .
all we know is that in some autopsies those areas of the brain look exactly the same in every invaded person but different from the general population .
they d been doing this for the past several weeks , a boring but effective session designed to stop her brain from acting as one unit and instead to have each area do its thing yet still be able to communicate with other areas of the brain .
they d been doing this for the past several weeks , a boring but effective session designed to stop her brain from acting as one unit and instead to have each area do its thing yet still be able to communicate with other areas of the brain .
clearly , the melanoid miasma has enveloped her reading areas .
she parts her hair in the precise centre of the top , squeezes out more goop on a cotton swab , and scrubs the area .
now this one shows us many things , and she explains how her brain wave patterns have changed on different points of her brain , representing different sections of her brain , how her coherence patterns have almost normalized , how problematic areas have been revived .
all the statues had certain areas on them where the christians had worn off the oxidation on the bronze where they kissed it , or placed their hands .
he swabbed the area around the bullet , which was clearly visible below the surface .
dana continued , whilst looking me up and down but holding her gaze over my groin area .
the more he focused on one area , the more he saw .
first the local area is paralysed , usually the mouth and nose due to the high concentration of exposed pores in both , then the paralysis moves down the body as the poison passes into the gut .
he picked unconsciously at a scabbed area above his left ear .
he set his bag by the door and then retrieved a rag and a bottle of ammonia - based cleaner , and began the tedious but necessary process of wiping down every area he might have touched .
nigel sprayed both stitched areas with a metallic silver spray and stood back to admire his handiwork .
i d remember to use alcohol to sterilize the area before you inject , and lose the syringe after using it once .
shed lost weight and her face was pale ; dark smudges marked the area beneath her eyes .
she reached in her purse for a tube and smoothed cover - up cream on the dark areas .
shots rang out from another area , the others cheering .
finally able to move my body , pain starts rushing to certain areas of my body .
ebdon tapped the area on the x - rays for emphasis .
he tears the shirt away from the area .
alcohol cloths are being used to wash and clean areas of skin on the wounded arms .
then he noticed a large red area spreading throughout the water .
built in to a rectangular shaped watch whose screen extends from the wrist to just before the forearm area .
i know she did take some damage during the war because two or three areas of her right wing have newer pieces on them .
china was darker in certain areas and normal in others .
it was necessary for oliver to show the happy little canine fur ball the area , such as where to pee and which bones not to steal , and they left through his doggy door in the kitchen , much to a hiding smokeys relief .
he took a step backwards and fired another shot , the flames illuminating the area just in front of his face , shadows bouncing off of the bulbous and puffy skin .
she had a nasty bullet wound in her right shoulder area and a slight graze to the back of her head .
once assimilated , it promotes exceedingly rapid healing and reconstruction of severely injured areas .
he insisted on being the one to uncover the corpses lower extremities , and again he exposed only enough of the body for me to locate the femoral artery , folding and tucking the sheet carefully to ensure that the pubic area remained covered .
he was brought in by ambulance at eleven fifty nine , suffering from shock and loss of blood due to a wound to the genital area .
examination showed that he had been stabbed through the genital area with a sharp pointed object , probably a thin bladed knife .
he pointed to an area on the side of the skull where the smooth shape was disrupted and darkened .
now this area here around the edge of the brain , he used cindy barrett as a live model and with his finger drew a line from behind one temple around the front of the head to the other , is where we believe the intelligence to live .
but tequilas fingers were already moving swiftly over the damaged area .
a powerful digital camera , held on a small , spring - loaded boom over the table , allowed him to focus on any area , with whatever level of magnification we might require , the camera 's image projected on the central monitor .
i held still , while he magnified an area on my tongue , confirming the cells were present .
selecting a larger area , i thrust the knife into his stomach repeatedly .
the lungs were probably the first area to get coated by the airborne spores .
coulter shot off several rounds , one of them hitting an exposed area under the soldier 's arm .
one could acquire certain drugs that could be injected directly into portions of the skull , entirely numbing the facial area .
he dropped his elbow to protect the area .
the veins continued down to her pubic area .
various areas are ... enlarged .
was trained as to what areas of the body to nick , knew full well how long it took for a full grown man to bleed out .
the bruising was in intimate areas and she did nt have a boyfriend .
i studied the purple and necrotic lesions that covered the visible areas of skin on the two corpses with rising horror .
i outlined the area with one finger and tried to rub the itch away .
i tried rubbing the swollen area , but the more i scratched , the more it tingled .
it was the same area i d been scratching ever since we first pulled into this driveway .
they say this operation is just a precaution against this clot moving to a dodgy area .
friend had that awful frazzled skin and i noticed he had slightly darker , circular areas near his temples .
but everything was clicking now , with those areas pretty much out of the loop .
she slid her hand up his thigh and began to rub his crotch area .
he stripped her naked , beat her over and over , raped her and burned her with cigarettes on every tender , sensitive area on her body .
the dark areas had deepened under the fbi agents eyes since forte had seen her that morning .
evil was like water : it found the cracks and the weakest areas and the spaces the naked eye could not detect and it took them .
my face held a long cut across my cheek and the surrounding area was bruised .
i changed the bandage on my arm and noticed the gunshot wound was going to leave a scar ; the area of skin was damn ugly and no mix of vampire virus and lycanthropy was going to make it go away .
the woman looked shocked as he continued to apply pressure to the impact area .
if you d hit the area where your surgery was located , who knows how much additional injury you could have suffered .
its covering the whole area across the back down by the water , see it ?
a small , indistinct area , directly below ben , was gradually growing and darkening .
he carried trainers thumb , which allowed him access to the most critical areas .
the blood was coming out in at least two different areas .
it is true that head wounds bleed more than other areas , but this was serious .
he did have considerable amount of blood coming down from his forehead and nose area .
steele smeared petroleum jelly along the area and stretched his skin taut .
the man was a liar and any moment now he would sexually assault her , discover the ravaged area around her perineum .
metal bars , similar to what you might expect to find on an old rollercoaster , crossed the chest area , thigh area , and the top of the feet to hold the body against the spikes .
metal bars , similar to what you might expect to find on an old rollercoaster , crossed the chest area , thigh area , and the top of the feet to hold the body against the spikes .
another hit in same area made him bend over himself in agony and his scream was again muffled by the gag .
dna profiling targets areas on chromosomes thought by most geneticists to have no significance other than being structural links .
as far as is known , the variations we see in the areas on the dna that we test for the database tell us nothing about the individual .
you see , most geneticists believe that these areas are what they ve been informally called junk dna .
as you pointed out to me so emphatically , its too sensitive an area .
when your sample turned up , i realised it was a golden opportunity to find out if the areas we test have any particular function , whether you are different in any way .
she surveyed her handiwork , making sure she had covered all the essential areas .
again , were not sure why they would have painted that area , except to make it look like a face .
the dim lights created shadowed areas of muscular structure .
along a line , almost exactly straight , a bright blue glow developed , spreading out from almost below the desk to an area behind the back of the chair .
every affected area in california had no more than three days between use of superpower and the symptoms setting in . ''
the two gis technicians busy themselves imputing shades of red over areas affected by the epizootic .
then he looks down at his abdomen , to see a large dark red stain spreading across his stomach area .
down ! -where in the hell did that shot come from ? -tavalerio could see that blood was flowing from a gunshot wound in the area of the sheriffs right elbow .
the area under his eyes was darkened , evidently by terrible lack of sleep .
my fathers helmet was missing from the area completely .
i told her the areas of my back which were itchy and she willingly began scratching .
i liked it when she would climb around and scratch that hard to get area on my back with her long finger nails .
it reached up and touched the impact area of his chest .
the humans had a surgical area where they studied and tested treatments for human illnesses and injuries but mainly it was the area where they surgically attached the mind controlling devices .
the mind control device was tapped into the sensory area , auditory area , parietal lobe and the occipital lobe .
the mind control device was tapped into the sensory area , auditory area , parietal lobe and the occipital lobe .
from these areas of the brain , scientists could send pictures to the clones minds eye .
in the end , as simon looked down to wipe away the tears of laughter , he noticed that the heat from his feet had melted away an area considerably wider than his shoes .
the blow to the ribs caused excruciating pain and forced simon to give in to instinct and place his hands in the injured area .
steve was at first relieved that the opponent did not take advantage of the exposed crotch area .
although the events that preceded were at first sketchy , the excruciating pain from various areas of his body ensured that his memories came flashing back .
iron vest was a system of exercises combined with herbal supplements that actually hardened areas of your body making them impervious to all but the hardest of blows .
only an exceptionally hard punch can hurt me in that particular area . ''
do you know that the bullet passed through one of the few areas in your body where it would do the least amount of damage ?
andr traced one finger lightly around the bandaged area .
but without the proper vacuum - sucker to clean the area from the constant flow of blood , it was hard to see clearly .
a girl in canary yellow was looking in my general area .
without pausing , oscarson took up the dissertation by pulling down the magnified lamp to show a close up of the area at the base of the neck .
drawing the mirror downward to the belly of the dog after a closer examination of the neck , roth jacobs was surprised to learn that , although the two areas were unscarred , they were hardly clean .
but the area was so tender that she could nt bear to touch it .
jack knew somewhere in her immediate area was a clipboard with several lists .
okay , i m gon na tighten this area down till its ready to pop .
he swabbed the area next to his thumb with betadine .
with his back to us , he slowly clambered to his knees and bent himself backward to stretch and with his left hand , he desperately tried to rub the area that had taken most of the impact , but he immediately removed his hand from the area once he realised it was n't a muscular injury , it was bruising he had sustained .
with his back to us , he slowly clambered to his knees and bent himself backward to stretch and with his left hand , he desperately tried to rub the area that had taken most of the impact , but he immediately removed his hand from the area once he realised it was n't a muscular injury , it was bruising he had sustained .
four breaths of each individually before closing my eyes and breathing from all three areas of my respiratory tract at once , clearly and deeply .
it was then as i looked closely that i noticed the area immediately surrounding each of her almond eyes was shaded a much darker , ebony colour which followed the contours of her strongly defined bone structure like some kind of ceremonial face paint .
krav maga taught him to strike hard and fast , targeting exposed areas such as eyes , throat , groin and knee .
he ran his hand up my thigh and into my private area .
we had some tests done to determine if there are other areas that were injured .
the doctor then takes the wand and starts to move it around carolinas stomach in the womb area .
steve took a step back and delivered an accurate blow with his size 11 boot to the area of the door surrounding the lock .
he could see a bloody and concaved area at the top of her head .
the hollow concave area of her skull making her face look like a hideous halloween mask .
images started too screen in his mind , laura and some young guy with a photoshop abdominal area , sweating and grinding against each other , her face twisted in pleasure .
the top of the thighs of each leg was stitched to the pelvic area of a womans torso .
however that is not fast enough for some objectives so there are other chemicals that promote absorption through other areas , the nasal lining , for instance .
of course , you d need to rig up explosives in the right area .
there was nt much of an area to grab onto and , seeing how these guys were driving the huge vehicles at top speeds , i d need something really solid to get a good grip on or risk becoming road kill .
jasper felt attacked and started to perspire again , this time areas like armpits , scrotum and hands were particularly affected .
the mans heart area was hit in several places by perfectly aimed bullets shot during yancy stokes deadly accurate rage .
each dot is actually an area where a short dna probe sequence has been attached to the glass surface of the microchip , trillions of copies of a different piece of viral dna within each dot .
a second batch will follow within days to begin immunizing seattle and the puget sound area .
he d never actually touched her in any private area .
among other tasks , he d had to hang the buck by the legs , slicing a sliver from the bucks head ( which he imagined was somewhat like scalping a man ) so that the blood could successfully drain from the bucks body ; slice the buck from the genitals to the rib cage then turning the buck on his side and emptying his guts ; cut through the diaphragm while avoiding the bladder ( a task completed with much direction from his father ) and cut through the esophagus so as to completely remove the intestines ; cut in the shape of a circle around the neck and connect this with a cut through the stomach , then use a hacksaw to cut through the knees ; remove the hide by pulling it down from the neck , over the leg nubs , and cutting it free by cutting off the tail ; and lastly cut the meat from the buck , first from the hindquarters and the tenderloins and then from areas less choice .
he caressed his body and caressed her body , searching with his fingers for the supplest area to savage , for the juiciest meat to fill his belly .
she also remembered that an attackers eyes and groin were the two most vulnerable areas .
back in his hotel , he had removed the bubble wrap that kept his member in its punished and constrained position , and the putrid smell which emerged from his pubic area nearly knocked him onto his back .
deciding that it was time to finally scrub that damned area , he prayed that his massive 14.5 inch cock could again rise .
tattoo - guy saw me rub the throbbing area above my right eye , and he put a hand on my other forearm .
pain is the body 's way of telling us there 's something wrong , that this hurting area needed attention - well i fucking knew that already , i could see the blood and the injury , and the agony was just overkill .
as if in response to his movement malou began to gently stroke the painful area of his back with her fingertips .
chapter 26 pater 's play pater had worked inconspicuously , yet feverishly , on an area where the bottom of the netting was already separated from ground .
with effort , working the netting backwards and forward , he had loosened a wider area .
a quick feel in the stomach area with his good left hand revealed that no blood showed on his hand from any wound in that area .
a quick feel in the stomach area with his good left hand revealed that no blood showed on his hand from any wound in that area .
one in the left arm and the other high in the left chest shoulder area .
as he tried to sit up , all of his muscles and a few other areas were protesting .
it was as if the nylon had been heated just enough to scorch the material slightly , showing up as a dark area .
parrishs tentative scalpel was nearing the abdomen and the pubic area .
he 'd read about how they took skin from a different area of a person 's body for transplants during plastic surgery or burn treatment .
your immune system is sending plasma and antibodies to the injured areas .
as if whoever had performed the butchery avoided the areas that were too troublesome to peel .
then she pointed to an area of about three inches by three inches on the left side , high up towards the back of the skull .
it appears as though they were in the process of eating him because part of his stomach area had been eaten away .
judging by the redness and bruising around this area that is swollen , i think that wrist is broken .
he gives derrick some salve to rub over the swollen area and tells him to wrap it up again with fresh bandages .
the area around her eyes was forever bruised by worry , lack of sleep , along with her husbands fist .
he found one central area which stood out because of excessive splashes of blood .
the area in the wrist where the nerve enters the hand is called the carpal tunnel .
when there is excessive pressure , from typing , writing , painting or any other work involving the hands , it causes swelling in this area , which pinches the nerve .
there was nt a large bloodstain in that area , so it was most probably broken ribs .
tearing open a small packet of disinfectant ointment with his teeth , he smeared the injured area .
he looked as white as a sheet except for the area of flesh around his mouth which was badly bruised and swollen .
in places the cracks gathered into areas of weakness where the large blowholes occurred .
there was an air of quiet preoccupation about him as if he had been thinking thoughts alien to him , reaching into deep areas of his being not often explored .
but to get smelling cheesy , you do not wash under your foreskin every day , mix it with warm milk , a bit of cheap apricot brandy to marinate into that area and leave it unwashed to incubate for more than 2 days .
she quickly went to work securing the gauze over the area she had shaved , and wrapped bandages around the thigh several times to hold the gauze in place working with a surgeon 's precision .
they continued placing cold water dampened rags on the worst bruises and swollen areas for the next hour , and giggled quietly as they did their work .
he felt the area around the rib cage .
he gave the japanese two quick kicks in the area of the kidneys and smiled as the japanese groaned in pain .
still holding his torch , he grabbed at the painful area of his right hand and looked at the stick which he had thrown to the ground .
this one had four , no five wounds to the chest and upper body area , and one more low down on the left arm .
albert then touched a small , inconspicuous area near the handle , and a second latch silently unlocked .
he soaked the cloth down with alcohol and wiped the cloth on the area around the two holes .
leaning further over him i watched as he drew a quick circle around the four areas of london that elizabeth had , in retrospect , hidden in plain sight .
the tube was a grenade that would emit the exact same effect in a more local area in case the button ploy did not work .
they certainly overwhelmed his face , as his nose was rather small save the area surrounding the bridge .
there was a yelp from mister and he was hit in the upper chest and head area .
mayas brow scrunched , and she sucked in her breath as the womans fingers probed the tender area , and then a warm relaxation flooded her when the nurse injected pain reliever into the iv line .
i closed my eyes for a second and massaged the area around my cheek .
she dabbed peroxide onto a hand towel and wiped the blood away from the wound area , then poured peroxide into the hole in bears arm .
the body was ripped open from the upper chest area down to the stomach .
the fourth one slammed into his chest area .
part of the limbic system , the area that largely contributes to behavior , memories , and emotions .
yes , important in the three areas affected by the hippocampus that were mentioned .
and another thing , namanda , being developmentally delayed in some areas , would nt it be taking a chance with her if she was given the potion ?
they are going to concentrate on your area down there , josh .
see this area with the darker shading .
that is the wernicke area of the parietal .
just dab a little there and there , she said while pointing to the darkened area under his eye .
after drying off , he applied ointment only to the areas where the skin had been lacerated .
he dabbed an extra amount onto the darker areas , but on close examination it did little to hide the damage .
organization as noted , however , seemed missing beyond a few highly sensitive areas , and he generally did not worry about this .
next night when claude came to watch again , the unbearable heat in his groin area had been cooled by the closed gap between the curtains and the fact that they were quarrelling .
but , it is also to cover her naked areas , which i do not say .
i keep my light covered as i move over the lumps forward area .
the worn area is darker than its surroundings .
i tap the area and feel the soft fibers .
he felt like randys eyes were boring into the dark areas of his soul .
just as dilford bailey opened his mouth to summon the security guard posted in the middle of the wall leading toward the front desk , he heard a gruff voice in his ear and felt a hard nudge in the area of his right kidney .
jack poised it over the area in question and felt a tingle of excitement across his neck as it grew larger and came into focus .
but because he was a smoker and there was the chance that something sinister might be lurking in the infiltrated area of lung , he scheduled him for a ct scan tomorrow .
a haunting memory filled the infinitesimal area of my brain functioning at the moment ; i was squeaky clean , a silver lining to caitlin and my lever 2000 enhanced copulation .
caitlin made a long incision , then administered two pairs of clips to hold back the thick area of fat tissue directly above the stomach .
well below her navel , in the area where there would be hair , i saw a small tattoo of the moon eclipsing the sun .
adam watched as an attractive female wearing perfectly fitted jeans and a low - cut cream tank top that drew attention to an area he tried to avoid glancing at navigated her way through the crowds towards the waiting room .
she was n't blessed in the looks area .
she was n't sure what came over her , but she flung her body into cameron 's , aiming for the area on his leg that was still recovering from the stab wound .
he 'd gotten the rear area where the light was n't so good , so she could do the thing while he was in the can , for just that reason .
i transferred the two pictures to some other software , started with the first one from the bedroom shot through the drapes , and selected the areas to work on .
tottering wildly , the man was now totally being smothered by her skirt and pelvic area .
you need a lot of professional help , pal , she said , slapping her legs to get the blood flow moving in that area again .
fingers prodded gently over the bruised area , causing her to wince in pain .
although tonight she wore a gray sweat suit and had a ring of sweat drying in the area neckline and above her small breast .
pilot looked as if his brown suit was squeezing him in a tender area .
she wore purple boils and blisters on her face and neck , and blemishes of bruised blood and scars existed in the areas that the boils and blisters did not .
the dry area stirred up a coughing fit from romeo .
there was a tingling sensation in the thigh areas of his right leg that was nothing to write home about either .
belle gritted her teeth and left her feet as she pushed at an area shed targeted between his eyes with all of her strengthand failed .
then stand down , julian , xavier placed his right hand on a tattooed shoulder and rubbed at a particular area of skin that showcased the mark of a house in chains amongst all the other body art .
my hand is guided by this feeling , when my fingers reach for the area of coldness , this feeling is quickly replaced by a sharp stinging sensation as i discover an open wound .
chris expressed to her what she may have guessed on her own : the doctors who were appointed to his case must have examined him and realized the lack of physical abuse to his private area .
no matter how still she may have sat , the areas around her mouth and eyes would nt have been the same each day you went back to work on her portrait .
instead it was marble , except for two areas .
she bent , grabbed the dart hanging from his groin area , and stabbed it into his shoulder .
he flicked his gun at an area in the corner , and followed the naked guy as he walked over , hands up .
seth markov was so rounded in every area there was literally no situation he was n't prepared for .
a dark , poorlydressed individual with an unimpressive stature and little bulk in the areas where it counted cracked the door open wide enough for only someone his size to slink through .
he was nt entirely sure anymore whether it was his own physical merrimentor the glee of the other from some deranged area of his mind .
there were no visible signs of inappropriate scarring in around his genital areas .
he tastes like coarse bread with the stubbles covering the areas around his mouth .
i exerted my strength to look over the vehicle and see what devious creature drove it , as i did , the shooting pain shot from my femur and into the surrounding areas of my body .
i had a clear but thin shot of him from his left mid - thigh up to his mid - chest area .
jackson closed his eyes as the man touched the area near the wound .
he watched her wipe down the stitched area carefully with the medicated wipes the hospital had given him .
three feet away a large man was shielding a long sheath , and he plunged into the chest area of the two nearest men seated next to him .
he reached for the man , but he was too far away and he watched him sink the knife into the groin area of a third man and blood began to spray in every direction blinding him momentarily .
he could see a pool of blood near the mans chest area and a stack of rumpled paperwork near his feet .
good heavens , i think you might be right , said faye , her heart suddenly jumping with hope as she ran her fingers along the area gabriella indicated .
thank god , a large table separated them because jerrick felt a warm sensation in his crotch area as his little monster was awakening .
thank god , the tables surface hid his crotch area .
jerrick positioned his notebook and textbook over his crotch area .
an emblem or badge of some type was pinned in the center of the hat , and various badges and stripes decorated their lapels and left , top areas of their coats .
` ` what happens is that your mind gets no signal from the area and replaces this with its own , that of something all swollen up .
she felt a tender and sore area on her cheek .
her heavy hands shifted to inspect the area and found it wrapped with a gauzy bandage .
the strangulation had been sloppy , i had nt done anything beyond the most superficial wipes to areas of the body i thought i d touched , not to mention my prints would ve been all over the stairwell , the trash bags , the trashcans .
there was a mess of blood in the bathroom , but mostly in the area around the sinki was able to cover enough of it with towels and bertrams dirty laundry that i did nt feel showering would be a waste of time , felt i really could give myself a thorough wash , take my time of it , let the hot water reinvigorate me enough to go on .
the rest of the wall , full of detailed images of various parts of the brain , cell diagrams and patient history , are of no interest to him ; if a problem were to occur in those areas , curtis would be qualified enough to recognise the crisis , but would be required to call for specialised help before acting .
his rubbed his abdomen , feeling a deep bruise begin to spread over the area .
bullets careened off the cars frame spraying fragments of hot metal and sharp chips of paint over his exposed areas .
he grabbed her tiny hand and looked into her hazel ovals , trying to avoid viewing the gruesome mouth area .
her symptoms are very mild in this area , and were only displayed when she was involved in extreme activity .
he was sure he had connected in his upper back or lower shoulder area .
he noticed the rose tattoo on his arm and the festering wound in his shoulder area where chuck had previously shot him .
he examined the sweater bandage wrapped around her shoulder and underarm area .
the man , who carolyn had referred to as osama banana , looked stunned when the blade of the stick slit the area just above his thick eyebrows .
patsy remained silent , but all the while thought of that horrible policeman and his hands in her most intimate areas .
-- -- -- -- -- matt veal lifted the pickaxe over his head , aimed at an area near his feet and then let gravity do the rest of the work .
jacobs looked at the bloody wound on the boys left side stomach area .
catfishs feet found a slight indention in the metal wall of the tray and he got the tip of his boot jammed into the area .
the night shift always presented the most striking characters on the trip home : businessmen working all hours , broadway attendees , dock workers , partiers with tattoos and body piercings in areas she did nt even want to think about , pimps with hollow - eyed prostitutes .
then when you must act , you press this area here that connects to the nerve impulses near your navel and you disappear in the blink of an eye .
the area was wiped down with disinfectant , and marcus resumed surgery .
there 's a hollow area beneath the floor !
the affected area was a tilted oval , four inches wide and five long .
` ` a kick transfers a lot of energy through a tiny contact area .
the vicodin was soaking a few areas of his tender brain .
the cuts were small , thinly scabbed incisions , all surrounded by small areas of crushing , which were colorless due to her bloodlessness .
` ` any bruising or tearing in that area ? ''
he delicately touched and then prodded the white area around the punctures .
their bodies automatically fought to withdraw from each other , to capture some inches of space and air for the areas of skin that were already blistering .
only his face and an area round his heart were still white .
he watched the pulse in the neck and counted it and , when he had pulled down the sheet , he did the same with the area round the heart .
fido and i 'll bring the stuff out there '' - he pointed up - current from the vital area .
known as the fontanel , it was the one area of the human skull that remained open at birth .
but you did n't cross her , or she could dig in her heels ... usually somewhere in the groin area .
you can tell that from the extravasation and swelling of the affected areas .
in the instant he grasped the paper and realized it was nothing but a piece of trash off the ground , the woman seized his wrist with her slender hands and plunged a thumb into the bony carpal area just beneath the palm of his hand .
shaking out the excess water , he began dabbing the damp cloth on the inside of dante 's forehead , moistening the area with the seven calligraphic ps .
he raised his hair to reveal the shaved area .
it covered a hundred percent of the body 's external area and it had seeped into the eyes and the nose and the mouth and the throat .
it was a photograph of the midsection from just below the sternum to just above the pubic area .
straightened his leg and smashed his whole two hundred and thirty pounds into an area the size of his heel directly over the lock .
she could not help but observe that paul left a great deal to be desired in almost every area she could think of .
she applied a blusher to her cheeks and dusted her face with powder , avoiding the areas around her eyes where the powder would accentuate the faint wrinkles .
she rolled him over on his stomach , and her tongue began to work its way back up his body , moving slowly , expertly , finding all the erotic crevices and sensitive areas and exploring them .
` ` his gun went off and shot him in a very sensitive area .
instantly , delgado picked up the second cotton ball and neutralized the area , so that the alcohol could not penetrate too deeply .
the other end he attached to one of the coronary arteries , beyond the obstructed area , sending the blood through the vein graft , bypassing the obstruction .
` ` there 's an area of damage in the middle of the brain , caused by a clot that 's broken off the aorta valve .
she pointed to the area around her eyes .
i want that area covered like a blanket .
he had to keep striking at demarco 's most vulnerable area - his pride in his manhood .
he turns and begins hacking away at the area around the doorknob .
millimetre by agonizing millimetre he had brush - washed the fibrous areas , then stretched and sutured the skin over the cranial wound , knowing that the slightest error with brush , needle or clamp would cause the patient 's death .
the patient crashed his left fist into the pelvic area behind him , then bent forward , gripping the elbow to the right of his throat .
he had damaged the weakened areas , stretching tendons and muscles not yet fully restored .
he had panicked ; areas of his body had frozen .
( lawyers for ron and dennis hired their own fingerprint expert , a mr . bill bailey , who determined that mullins and peters arrived at their new conclusions by analyzing different areas of the palm print .
his hand reached for the area , felt an object projecting from his body , and yanked it out .
there was a word for this area of thick bone , ambler recalled from a training manual : manubrium .
his hairline was recessed into a widow 's peak , though the areas of recession were dotted with tiny clumps of hair arranged almost geometrically , like doll hair .
a tiny trickle of blood falling from the man 's hairline , a tiny , circular area of matted hair above .
he saw the back of an oblivious green - uniformed maintenance worker , pere - lachaiseequipe d'entretien stenciled in white along the shoulder area and on the back of the visored cap .
the shots would come from almost the precise area where ambler was standing .
we are french ; we did not , upon her arrest , examine her private areas .
and what added to the surgeon 's near - unbearable stress was a detail he had not described to his superiors in the briiderschaft : prior to a subject 's brain finally rejecting the implant , virtually exploding , the area around the surgery became horribly discolored ; an inflamed skin rash the size of a demitasse saucer appeared , directing whoever performed an autopsy to investigate the unusual manifestation .
` ` the embassy doctor says we ca n't do anything in that area until he stabilizes from the gunshot wounds .
cried the guard on the floor , embarrassed by the appearance of de vries , and briefly removing his hands from the assaulted area , but only briefly .
use the darts and aim for his neck area .
he found the area he wanted atthe base of the spine , the needle held above in hissteady hand .
he drained the sink , turned on the hot water faucet , and with a papertowel squeezed and blotted the painful area untilblood emerged from the broken skin .
pulled his lighter from his pocket , he played the little jet of butane flame over the keyhole area .
from one of the rolling carts , the doctor then affixed eight electronic leads to different areas of bourne 's head .
` ` these complex proteins - these neurotransmitters - act just like nanosites , binding and strengthening synapses in areas of your brain to which i will direct them , to block or make memories . ''
he zoomed in on one area of cevik 's face after another - mouth , nose , brow , temple , ears .
he 'd tied off the area above the wound with a makeshift tourniquet made from her shirt .
trying to force himself to breathe normally , he gently massaged the tender area webb had struck .
her other hand reached out , gently caressed the fabric of the bandage that wrapped the area of his thigh where he 'd been shot .
he suspected that he had torn some ligaments , but there was nothing he could do about it except try not to overwork the area .
he winced as the doctor palpated areas of his body .
that left the hands and the throat ; the first were too small and conceivably could be moving too fast , the second was simply too limited an area .
as your eyes opened i pressed the area ; there was no sign of pain , no sprain , no break .
with a few taps of the keyboard , technicians could focus or shift them to cover a particular area .
it goes back to those ` ` sensitive '' areas in berlin , washington , paris , et cetera .
mcauliff saw that the revolutionary had tied a cloth around his forearm ; alex spat the blood out of his mouth as he noticed it , and rubbed the area of his kidneys in abstract justification .
` ` the skin would have to be wet over a large area .
he asked , aiming for less sensual areas .
kay searched for less sensitive areas .
as composites go , they were close here and there and badly off in other areas .
the soldier swiftly and efficiently probed the robes of the aba , raising the right sleeve above the area where evan had spread the skin - darkening gel .
spat out evan , his voice directed towards the area around the toilet 's handle .
perspiration had begun to darken his shirt in the areas beneath his arms and around his collar .
air was sucking through his chest wound , and he pressed his good right hand to the area .
the tiny area of darkness at the end of a branch was not a tar - healed tree wound , but the rifle 's bore hole .
a bolt of agony shot through the area .
it was standard equipment in spinal surgery , for it shifted blood away from the spinal area and minimized bleeding .
in the vaginal area , he found semen that matched perfectly with danny padgitt 's blood .
moving at the speed of sound , the 9 mm round had inflicted enormous damage as it tore through his chest - shattering bone , shredding blood vessels , and pulverizing vital tissue across an ever - wider area .
there were cigarette bums , ugly little circles of charred skin , progressing from her pelvic area across the flat of her stomach over the swell of her right breast toward the small red nipple .
there was a small discoloration of the skin on the lower midsection of the chest , around the area of the heart , barely visible through the matted hair .
an odd aspect of the killing was the tearing of the victim 's upper clothing , exposing the chest area on which was a circle of dark blue .
burned strands of fabric around the area , the flatness signifying that they had been subjected to pressure , the fire stamped into submission .
when the process was completed , the teenager poured cold water over the area ; the sizzling sent small clouds of steam up into the hood of the boot .
if a word was applicable for this area , it would be warm .
in between them , pryce removed a five - square - inch globule of a clay like substance ; he began packing it around the lock and knob area of the door .
the serial number , which had been stamped into the right rear chamber area of the barrel , was now filed off .
i placed him on his stomach , deadened a small area of skin , made a tiny opening , then inserted a large needle .
in this area of the body , tobacco smoke stimulates secretion of mucus .
the same area of the skull where you put a bullet into corporal kroeger . '
canfield rose quickly and kicked the man with all his strength in the general area of the head .
the bullet pierced the upper area of the stomach .
therefore , as you read the contents of your envelopes , i shall briefly touch on these sensitive areas . '
grasping the revolver , he fired wildly , in three different areas .
liesl took a clean sponge , soaked it with warm water , and wet the area .
ben found himself wincing as she carefully washed the area , then wine ing again as she daubed it with cotton saturated with the brown - colored antiseptic .
` ` it also came close to causing great damage to the nerves and blood vessels in the area of the brachial plexus .
she ran a finger around the perimeter of the reddened area .
in areas it appeared crenellated , almost scalloped ; in other areas , the proud flesh was smooth and nearly shiny , as if lacquered or covered in plastic wrap .
he pressed a white handkerchief to the area under his slash - like mouth , which was slick with saliva .
deftly , she tore off a piece of her blouse and pressed it to the area of ben 's lower neck that had been attacked .
the area was deeply grooved with tooth marks , but the compression wounds left very little blood , which was fortunate .
he made fleeting eye contact with the executive director of the new - york historical society , a woman who wore her abundant hair in a tight bun ; her face looked slightly stretched , in a diagonal that ran from each corner of her mouth to an area behind each earcthe familiar sign of a recent face - lift , marks of the surgeon 's crude craft .
the guy with the first big verdict would be in the driver 's seat , especially if it came from the biloxi area .
hobie twisted the hook , which relieved the pressure on the guy 's voice box , but brought the tip up into the soft area under his ear .
tony leaned forward and smoothed his hands over the guy 's belt area and between his legs .
in rossi 's world victims were taped naked to chairs , and belt sanders were fired up and applied to tender areas like knees or elbows or chests .
the area in his mind that had given him the immense outline still holds its shape , but the shape is empty .
keep everything going like normal , but sort of concentrate on the area below your waist and above your knees , right ?
encouraged by this response , i kept scratching her gently behind the ears , then switched to the area under her chin .
the only area not visible from my position by the door was the floor on the far side of the bed .
` ` it 's cutting me in a , uh , tender area . ''
but the blade looked plenty long enough to penetrate a vital area .
a man in a clean smock who told wild stories of life as an african vet cleaned kane 's wounds , listened to his heart and lungs , and palpated the area of his ribs that had taken anya 's bullet .
since the deepest wounds are concentrated over her stomach and chest areas , and her top and jeans were both tight , she 'd have had to bleed through the fabric before dripping all over the floor . ''
irv 's eyes opened and fixed on joe 's person , on something in the waist area .
they 'd use the blood to generate more nanos , start spreading out in her body to cover the more important areas like her brain and heart , and then they 'd set to work and she 'd be in agony until it was done .
she had n't even allowed their conversations to dip into the personal area since the night they 'd painted the dining room together .
the nanos in that area will be caught by surprise and get swept along in the blood that flows out .
sex with him was cold and sometimes even painful despite the fact that he ... er ... was n't as well ... er ... set up in certain areas , '' she muttered , her eyes skating to his groin and away .
that was no doubt because his entire blood supply was currently engaged in the area of his loins .
mr . lange - wilsdorf reached out a crooked finger and yanked down floote 's cravat and shirt , checking the neck area for marks .
my skin , especially the area where kanin had cut me , was chalk - white , definitely paler than before , and cold .
another cupboard revealed a rack of stakes , along with a mallet and a simple anatomical diagram with an x over the heart area .
he began hiking her nightgown up farther , turning his attention to less ticklish but no - less - sensitive areas of her body .
but they were not standing , and alexia was now fully awake and unwilling to give in to the persuasions of her knees , her husband 's mouth , or any other area of the body for that matter .
alexia 's attention was on the faces of the men around her , not their unmentionable leg areas .
i worried , for just the slightest second , that she was inhaling me and imagining sinking her teeth into the exposed area of my neck .
then i grabbed him and pulled his mouth down to the area .
his cool lips desensitized the skin around the area , and the cool brush of his tongue soothed me , just as surely as it ignited me too .
knowing how intimidating that could be , i felt some major sympathy for ben , especially when she leaned in , her hand shifting to his more ... private areas .
he laid a cool hand over the wound and i sighed as his touch calmed the area .
his hand not supporting his weight , slid down my back , cupping my thigh as he pulled my h*ps towards his , to connect our more ... sensitive areas .
babies were n't exactly the same size as the area they came out of .
i grabbed teren 's arm and clamped down on the tender , inner area , my extended fangs slicing right through his skin .
ignoring the tugging sensation in my lower area , as imogen presumably repaired the damage done in the birthing process , i held my arms out for my baby .
` ` it means that they could potentially do skin graphs for patients on areas of the body that grow hair . ''
since her accident , numerous patients had avoided having healthy skin sliced off their own bodies and painfully relocated to cover damaged areas .
they lingered on his personal area and a smirk drifted across halina 's face .
feeling aches in areas of my body that i did n't know could ache , i put a hand on his arm as he shifted to streak to a new location .
he looked down at the mess on his chest and shook his head , rubbing the area over his heart .
my vampire genes had overrun my wolf ones in that area and left me a mule - not just barren but with a womb that would not support a life .
in some areas , the layers of skin had been stripped as one , leaving muscles and meat totally untouched .
she cleansed the area round the stake , set up her clamps , all the time wishing for a good surgical nurse and a large mallet .
she sensed a deep pain in julian and did not attempt to probe his thoughts in so sensitive an area .
it drove him to his knees before he could find the energy and strength to cut off feeling to the area .
she blushed and looked down at the claw marks , running her palm over the area to get a feel for what had made the gouges .
his hand went to his chest and rubbed over the area where his blackened , wizened heart lay .
they wiggled like little worms and around the wound , the area appeared inflamed and swollen .
gabrielle was moving closer , bending her head to examine the area .
her torn , mangled flesh was a mess , and , as always , the vampire had left behind a poison that would quickly destroy the cells around the area of the bites .
his tongue found her pulse , bathed the area once , twice .
the undead surreptitiously dropped his hand to his side to see whether he could shape - shift if he concentrated on one area of his body .
with her hands she sought his hips , the columns of his thighs , smoothed over his chest , lingered over the area where he had been wounded .
she watched the way his body moved , the rippling of his muscles beneath the thin silk shirt , the fluid way he seemed to flow from one area to the other .
the area was burned from the blood and saliva , as well as raw and torn .
the angry - looking cuts seemed to be fading into the area rafael 's palm covered .
it is the one area where she has no scarring of any kind , and yet there was evidence that even across the womb , they had hacked her in half . ''
even if you do n't touch them , just entering the area is an uncomfortable experience .
normally i can easily scan human thoughts , but the jaguar influence is prevalent in this area .
dr . canard picked up a marker and pointed to an area on the skull x - ray that looked like a small spiderweb .
he used the marker to point to an area just under the right breast and another on the left side of her chest , just below the shoulder blade .
a few seconds later , an eerie glow hung in the darkness over the area he 'd coated .
i plucked a long blade of grass and very nervously poked it into the distorted area .
i 'd been talking almost in a whisper , which made the darkness curiously intimate , to say nothing of the large area of skin we were sharing .
` ` the same principle applies - the only difference is that this is the one area in which i ' m just as spotless as you are .
` ` you ' ve access to all areas .
finding the area where i 'd gone over was n't hard .
alexia made a kind of flip - forward gesture with both hands at her bosom area .
there were small clips behind each of its ears that , when pressed , popped open to reveal some of the inner workings in the brain area .
a wet sensation in her lower area indicated that her bustle , and quite possibly the rest of her dress , really was not going to survive this night .
the man 's eyes widened when he saw the sword - he 'd painted the area around his eyes with red circles of what looked like blood - then narrowed .
pain throughout his body had merged until he could n't distinguish one area of agony from another , his aching bones from his splitting head ... ... will squinted through the snow as they ran , barely making out da as he closed in on ruelle 's cottage .
when he touched her ... ` ` i ' m going to make a mental note that we both enjoy this area . ''
gray drew his arms up and gently wrapped his fingers around the area in question , but he did n't apply pressure .
the vampire yanked the top off the bottle and poured half the contents out into his hands , then smeared it over his face and scalp and other exposed areas .
kade strode over and pointed at an area on the screen .
while the deadeners meant normal telepathic channels would n't work , the bond we 'd created worked in a whole different area of the brain , and owed its existence to the fact we 'd once shared blood .
i was strong enough to shield certain areas of my mind without him being aware of it .
the area was n't even tender .
god , she must have been really zoned out while she was sculpting , because she 'd seriously messed up around the mouth area of the piece .
the wound had stopped bleeding , so she gently cleansed the area , far too aware of the masculine beauty of his lines , the power in his firm legs , the soft , tawny skin that stretched over the slight jut of his pelvic bone .
the area where the stake had gone in looked even paler than the surrounding tissue , like the edge of a whirlpool draining all the color out of him .
was it his imagination or did her eyes linger on his groin area a little too long ?
she jabbed a finger at a northern area of wyoming .
a female werewolf / seamstress had marked a few areas she wanted to alter , then brynley had been escorted to a small office being used by her wedding planner .
` ` a furry thing in the groin area .
this time she hit the paper , wincing at the hole ripped through the abdominal area .
he could see the area that had fused following a fracture : her spine was a lovely pattern of perfectly placed knots of bone interspersed between dark cushioning disks ... except for the t6 and t7 .
working fast , manny numbed the area as best he could , pushing the needle into the flesh in a controlled circle .
that was a good wheeze , said one of the more treacherous areas at the back of polly 's mind .
her eyes kept flinching away from sam 's poor defenseless body , so she swal owed hard and focused on the areas away from the body , the floor , the wal s of samantha 's room .
the area was warm to the touch , and i felt dizzy whenever i put my hand on it .
the candle 's dancing light lent a rich warmth to his chocolate colored flesh , highlighting some areas of perfection while leaving others to shadow and imagination .
i moved carefully through his surface thoughts , past the gathering rush of satisfaction , into the darker areas of non - active thought .
i gently felt her limbs and little body , trying to see if there was anything implanted , then did the same to the area surrounding the cot .
rhoan was shot in the butt , so his loss of sensation was centered around that area - the butt and genitals .
he gradually lifts the bottom of my shirt and there 's a notable shake to his fingers as he inspects the area .
all the pants are too short and all the shirts are baggy in the chest area .
he 's wearing a black t - shirt , faded jeans with a tear in the thigh area , different from the clothes i saw him in last time , and his dark brown hair is damp .
i frown as he brings my hand to his lips and he delicately kisses the bandaged area .
his eyes linger a little too long on my chest area then finally land on my eyes and i ca n't tell what he 's thinking at all .
i press my hand to the area as i take in the sight of my surroundings .
i croak , my fingers drifting to the area on my neck that 's coated with a warm , sticky substance .
blood is also smeared all over my chest area along with the scratches from where laylen dragged his teeth .
he breathes , his palm resting on my neck , his thumb smoothing across the sensitive area .
his eyebrows furrow as i wince from a sore area on the center of my forehead .
alex asks impatiently , picking at a loose thread on a torn area of his jeans .
atoms rise from me like steam , thin tendrils at first , then a steady stream of shafts which are all the colours of the rainbow , my soul departing from every area of my body at once .
so alexia , who abhorred violence , was forced to grab the miscreant by his nostrils , a delicate and therefore painful area , and shove him away .
lord maccon picked up the paisley shawl and shoved it at alexia 's chest area .
she was given to wonder if werewolves were anatomically bigger in certain areas .
since she had not been able to see for herself exactly what the earl 's frontal area looked like , alexia decided to try the next best thing and began to work her hand around to touch .
his skin in that area was very soft , and there was hair nested at the base .
it culminated in the most intriguing second heartbeat emerging right around the area where he had impaled himself .
from the same general area , the metal leg of a chair scraped sharply .
since she was small in that area , she only wore a bra when she deemed it necessary .
there was a small wet area marking the tip as she 'd suspected .
she took her time about it , turning her hand over as if it were the page of a book to rub her knuckles along the same area .
her lips were soft and warm on his knee , the area just below it .
her gaze traveled over the smooth glide of muscle along his shoulders , his waist , the way his hips moved , drawing her eye to the curve of his groin area demarcated by the thighs she 'd felt flex beneath her own not too long ago .
without restraints , you 'll have to remain still and trust my fangs will find your thigh and not other tempting areas .
her heart tightened into a defensive fist , his words digging into the tender area like nails .
apparently the only way she was going to win the pleasure of punishing him again was to poke a stick into those areas where she knew he 'd slap back at her .
for some reason the way he uttered it , softly , a little threateningly , ran a ripple of reaction through internal areas already experiencing some turbulent seas when it came to him .
sliding her other arm around his waist , she hooked her thumb in his waistband , the tips of her fingers in the top of his back pocket , squeezing the area she 'd so recently abused .
water beaded on his pale lips and the intensity of his eyes warmed her as she folded the shirt like a towel and laid it over his left shoulder , covering the nipple area where she 'd bitten him .
pain exploded in the bridge of his nose , his jaw and cheek area .
she made a murmur of noise , telling him his fascination with it had made her more aroused in that area .
she 'd required him to shave around his genitals for her , and her eyes registered her approval of the closely trimmed pubic area even as she appreciated the line of hair she 'd wanted him to keep at his stomach and the light thatch over his chest .
pressing his cock even more deeply inside her , he found the dense area of her sweet spot when he put his lips to her throat , just beneath her ear .
lyssa followed the movement of richard 's long - fingered hand as he stepped closer to reach around jacob to his groin area .
he unhooked the bra , touching the tender area between her shoulder blades with his fingers , showing her he intended to be gentle .
` ` i ' m going to make you come , my lady , ` ` he growled , his hands dropping to seize her hips , forcing her down on him , her clit smacking against his pubic area each time , a blow that shuddered through her system even as he stretched her further , took her deeper , widened her thighs to open up her cunt , bring the labia and clit in closer contact with his hot skin .
the area on either side of the bridge of the nose and under the eyes was drawn taut in three symmetrical folds .
but she showed mercy , leaning down and blowing on the area , bringing the feel of a cool mist across desert sands , easing the feeling .
when he raised his head , her eyes were full of pain , so torn that they 'd almost transformed back to the eyes of the creature hidden within herself , the pupils dark and taking over all the lighter areas .
he lashed out savagely , trying to strike at the vulnerable area under damon 's jaw .
using all the strength he could muster , trehan clenched his fist - and launched it directly at the area ; with a wet bellow , gourlav clamped his neck and reared back .
it suff used him with emotion , but he kept up the pouring , let- ting the water flow even more slowly over her breasts , concentrat- ing on the nipple areas so she began to anticipate , her body lift ing to the stimulation .
at some point , a blade had left an impressive crescent - shaped scar over his kidney area .
kept going , moving over the hump of his ass until the lethal point pressed against a lower , far more vulnerable area .
lowering her with the power of that single arm , he guided his cock into her ass , bringing her down on it with ruthless determi- nation , penetrating the area she 'd never allowed him to penetrate except the night with gideon .
even lubricated by her saliva and the juices of her pussy that had flowed into that area , he was a great deal to take , particularly in this state .
from the stretched concave curve in that area , it appeared they wore ball gags beneath so speech was not possible .
leaning forward , she bit into his throat , into the area that had begun to show a dual puncture scar because of her repeated use of it .
his cock had stood hard and heavy as her cheek brushed his testicles , her throat working against the muscle of his thigh as she swallowed the alarming rush of blood that came from the area .
his thumb passed over the place on her throat he suspected was brian 's preferred area because of the faint depres- sions there .
locking her green eyes with his , she pressed the brand to the inside of his left hipbone , above the pubic area .
as her moan elevated to a scream , jacob bit and came hard inside her , holding her fast on him , letting her feel the electric shock of those fluids jetting on the sensitive areas inside that only wanted more , more , more .
it started to peel back and blacken as soon as he let go , as if the abrasion had spurred the process in that area .
he bit , drawing her blood from that excruciatingly sensitive area as she 'd once bitten him to give him the second mark .
his hot gaze lingered on the area in question , making them pearl all the more .
laughing , elena pushed him flat and hovered over him and went for the general area of the wound again , knowing that he thought she was going to tease him .
she had pierced every area bonnie had ever heard that youcould pierce , and a few that bonnie had n't dreamed of .
some boys did n't have buttons in the selfish sensations area of their brain .
everyone knew that a scrap of covering , no matter how simple , always drew attention to the taboo area as pure nakedness did not .
` ` there are ... sensitive areas on a cube and it is possible that if they are touched in the wrong order all the sound will vanish , '' whispered bashfullsson .
the tuck - in at his wife 's waist was particularly appealing , emphasizing an area ideally suited to a man 's hand , particularly if one had hands as large as his .
chancellor neshi went to stand next to his queen , on a pedestal of just the right height to bring his ear to her mouth area but ensuring he was no higher than she .
when i was covered in ash , seba tied some thick , whole webs around the worst - infected areas , including my hands .
he wiped his face , then focused on the area where he d seen the flash of light .
he laid the woman gently on her side on a sheet - covered gurney , then made sure his tartan covered up the essential areas while leaving the wounds on her back exposed .
he knew as soon as the attendant lifted the human 's limp arm and fixed the tourniquet around the area of her brachial artery .
he was gentle , careful , his fingers probing lightly around the area .
he waved her attention to an area deeper within .
when she moved her hand from an area , she left only smooth , unbroken skin behind .
she ran her hand down his chest toward an area of his body that made him jump away from her reach .
eve walked to her bed and pointed to an area above the headboard .
after olivia left to drive the pickup to ` ` the usual place , '' bobo scanned the floor and the items around the crucial area , looking for blood spots .
there was n't a bumpy area to indicate bandages .
he ignored the first part of her words because yeah , he wanted to stare at the area in question , and focused on the second .
she scrubbed with bare fingers at the area next to my back zipper .
by my estimation , the area in question was directly above where her chest would have been .
most of the padding here was soft , except the small area , perhaps a diameter of six inches , where it was pressed down noticeably .
there was a bendy straw in the cup , the only way to feed her , i guessed , through a tiny hole in the mask in the mouth area .
i touched the area in question , and sure enough , i had missed a spot there .
there might have been a small area near my hairline where i had missed some sunblock because the skin there was burning .
he leaned forward a little and his gaze locked onto the area just beneath my throat , an area that was now throbbing with real warmth .
he leaned forward a little and his gaze locked onto the area just beneath my throat , an area that was now throbbing with real warmth .
and so , like the good mother i was , i powered through anthony 's homage to jackson pollack , and sewed the gaping tear in the crotch area .
i shake my head and scratch the spot of skin on the back of my neck where the prickle is going wild , the area a little tender .
then my finger drifts to the area he 's touching as i start to feel an aching sensation there and is instantly coated with a warm , sticky substance .
a few areas were raw and red , but as i washed the blood and dirt from my pores , decorating the drain in shades of black and red , even those areas began to fade , leaving my light brown skin creamy and smooth .
a few areas were raw and red , but as i washed the blood and dirt from my pores , decorating the drain in shades of black and red , even those areas began to fade , leaving my light brown skin creamy and smooth .
every single part of me hurt , but the real problem areas were my broken jaw , aching skull , and scraped , bruised , bloody hands , knees , and feet .
the cold magic flooded my veins , and the wounded area immediately went numb - so numb i could n't even feel that part of my body anymore .
the soothing smell of vanilla wafted up to me , and warm tingles spread throughout the blistered areas , just like they did when jo - jo was around in person to work her air magic on me .
the blood that he 'd drunk from various elementals had all mixed together in his veins , letting him tap into all four areas .
then i examined both of those areas top to bottom as well , just to make sure nothing was hidden in a trash can or taped to the back of a toilet .
more steam drifted up from that area , and i breathed in again .
the gunshot wound in my shoulder was completely healed , along with the burns on my arms , back , and legs , since those were the areas where cooper had focused most of his magic .
i kissed every spot that i cleaned , lightly nipping at some of the more sensitive areas with my teeth .
it put me into an incredibly compromising position , since his head was really close to my thighs and the area directly above them , but i did n't want to explain to a rabid pack how i was responsible for the beast lord crushing his chest with a weight bar .
when you 're angry or threatened , the armor expands to cover vulnerable areas .
dark circles shadowed the areas under her blue eyes .
and at least my hands were a far more appropriate body part for them to poltergeist than other areas that some of them had ` ` accidentally '' flown through .
but bones 's hands had n't left my wrists , and his mouth was still pressed to my neck , tongue and fangs grazing over the areas that made me weakest with desire .
she 'd grown inches taller and filled out in the butt and breast area , all in the space of about three minutes .
if it had been healed for a while before he 'd become undead , the area would have been much smoother .
i smiled back , giving fabian an abbreviated version of a hug , which pretty much meant i put my arms in a half circle around the general area where he floated .
this time , i was braced , but all that meant was i stayed on my feet instead of landing on my ass when vlad unleashed another sledgehammer , this one into the softer area of my stomach .
without thought , my gaze flew to the areas in question before skipping away once i realized what i was doing .
the blades landed in the right area in belinda 's back , making her stagger , but she did n't go down .
as long as he did n't blow a hole in my head or heart , any other area could get fixed .
not only was the door hanging by a mere few scraps of metal , but there was a fair amount of blood in the front area from my wrist and sergio 's neck .
his hid half his face , but hers was a silly little thing with feathers that covered only the area around her eyes .
the dagger broke off in his leg , so i wrapped my hand around the jagged end and let loose with another round of ice magic , this time blasting my cold , frosty power deep into the wound i 'd opened up in his thigh - along with certain sensitive areas a bit higher up on his body .
so i started rolling on his bed , working on the area where i smelled lacy the most , wiggling and rolling , pressing my furry cheeks into his pillow and shaking my head .
and this is how it went for the next fifteen minutes as i thoroughly went from one end of his bed to the other , systematically working my way across , not leaving one area untouched , while ezra sat on the arm of his couch and eventually lit a cigarette as he watched me with a slowly growing expression of amusement .
hard chests were rubbing , strong thighs were intermingled , and bits in between those two areas that i did n't associate with the man i considered my dad were pressed to another man 's as they started gyrating to the drums , flute , and guitar .
gliding two fingers slowly over my hip , then lower , his eyes met mine again as he kissed the area directly below my belly button .
slowly and methodically she moved her hands over me , an inch away from my skin , leaving not one area untouched as she moved down over my shoulders , each arm , br**sts , rib cage , and stomach .
long fingers spreading , his grip tightened , lifting and settling me lower so my sensitive lower area was n't pressed to his .
she scrubbed viciously , even though that particular area was spotless .
we ' ve figured out , over time , that they bring it to one single area .
it was a very specific area of damage , and other than things being pelted by falling debris , nothing else was touched .
it will be important to know , especially if another cut is made around the same area sometime in the future . ''
the older teenagers who already had scars over entire areas of their bodies .
the knot that she 'd felt in her throat earlier was now caught in her heart area .
della pointed to her pelvic area .
the full force of her gaze rattled him , shaking him to the very marrow of his bones as he once again felt an odd little skip in the deadened area of his heart .
though he had concentrated on mainly biting her in the areas that braith had , he 'd left far more marks on her than braith ever had .
his hands dropped , leaving his face , and her intended area of attack , exposed .
from the wiry hair that brushed against her fingers , to the unyielding hardness of his body in areas that on her were supple and giving .
a black shape swooped again , and victoria watched for its eyes , measured , and struck again with her sword , aiming for the neck area .
raising his own weapon at one of the swooping birdlike creatures , he lunged at the amorphous neck area .
and if his lips were on hers , that meant his fangs were n't at her neck - or delving into any other area of her flesh .
she was suddenly acutely aware of the fact that his vis bulla , the one that had at one time pierced him in the intimate area of his areola , was now one with her flesh and dangled warmly in the curve of her belly .
she crouched next to him , aware that sebastian was standing behind , likely watching the areas he 'd recently had occasion to caress .
his mouth opened , warm and sighing with breath , and feathered delicately over that same area , light and sensual , sending great , tickling shivers along the back of her shoulders .
` ` you did well , max , '' she added , brushing her fingers over the sore area .
he 'd left off kissing her br**sts to move back up to her mouth and then along the most sensitive area of her neck , where the vampire bite was all but gone .
ashe watched with trepidation as david produced a syringe wrapped in plastic , peeled the plastic away and expertly stuck the needle into ashe 's left arm after swiping the area with an alcohol wipe .
the rash had spread to his chest area and she looked at that along with his hands , arms and face .
` ` some bruising and swelling in the chest area , two broken ribs , a fractured wrist and twisted right leg .
frazier frowned and wiped the area again but it was already healing .
lissa moaned and thrashed while he did her ribs and the area around her br**sts .
not sure what to say , he looked back at the dolphin and pointed to the shiny area underneath .
my right hand goes unconsciously to my left wrist , rubbing it , retracing the area that was once , three months ago , bruised from being forced down to the ground , pinned between the dirt and a man who reveled in the evil he committed .
she kept stopping and saying , ' sensitive area , ' when she was about to go somewhere i do n't let anyone touch me . ''
damaged areas of her brain are n't expected to recover , though it 's possible that at some point she might begin reacting to a stimulus like a familiar voice .
the area around my groin was black and bloodshot .
thankfully the area around the cut was n't bruised .
the doctor examined the cuts before numbing the area to remove the glass and assess which cuts needed stitches .
she was blonde and blue eyed , petite and trim , but sculpted perfectly in all the right areas ; practically a barbie doll , as i often teased her .
they were the areas where halfs were trained to strike : the solar plexus , heart , neck , and stomach .
i chose a deep red sweater that dipped a little low in the neckline area , and these killer heels i 'd stolen from olivia 's closet .
marcus was now staring at aiden like he wanted to take his dagger and use it on aiden in an area much lower than the eyeballs .
my hands went up instinctively to put pressure on the area , but that proved to be a mistake .
he patted the area lightly before pulling his hand away .
i do n't know why that visual made the area just below my stomach feel like ice all of a sudden , but i think i 'll keep that to myself .
something sticky is pressed over it , pinching my skin into an unnatural fold causing the area around it to itch .
i cover myself even better , pushing my hands down below my pelvic area to hide as much as i can .
and i still stand at sort of an angle so that my thigh covers my private area below .
holding her sickly body up with one hand , she raises the other to her throat , rubbing the area where nathan 's hand had been .
some areas of my skin started smoking in thin blue wafts .
at least this was something sweet and childlike , but when she got closer , she saw the marks were drawings of anatomically correct women with br**sts and a wildly curly haired pubic area , and men with penises and overly exaggerated testicles .
i kept looking at the little area of smooth , tan flesh revealed by his open collar .
and i knew that if they were there , they would be along her stomach and other tender areas .
it was a real pain to replace a whole side instead of just patching a small area .
he murmured something and managed to move closer , his chin finding its way to the sensitive area between my neck and shoulder .
i leaned back , legs parting as his fingers grazed my most sensitive area .
i pulled the sweater closer , ignoring the raw stinging as it brushed against certain areas .
i 'd have thought i 'd be more uncomfortable , but as his gaze traveled over me , lingering on some areas more than others , i felt like a goddess standing before him .
kyler groaned , and his hands ... well his hands were everywhere , paying homage to my curves and sensitive areas .
every time her eyes fastened on the area between my hips , she 'd flush and bite down on her lip or press her thighs together .
well , i did ache in a wholly pleasant way in areas i did n't think i could ache in , but it was more than that .
i crouched at the air vent that would take us into the boys ' rooms and reached for the tiny bottle of hair spray that i keep for emergencies ( just not of the hair variety ) and sprayed the area around the grate .
he lowers his hands and cups my butt , then presses his lips against the area of skin where my shirt meets my jeans .
there 's still a small area of blood over his right ear , so i reach the washcloth up and wipe it away .
i begin to kiss down her chin , down her neck and down to the area where her dress stops and her cl**vage begins .
matan points in the general direction of my boob area hiding behind the curtain and says to his mother , ` ` l'amy yesh tzee - tzeem g'dokemf dodayndsy looks embarrassed as she says , ` ` he does n't mean anything by that . ''
the mask is too big , the shirt is flimsy except in the boob area , and the pants are about to fall off , but i manage to look enough like avi maneuvering through the rocks .
` ` put this on my back , and do n't miss any areas . ''
my breath grows ragged as his lips graze my shoulder blade now , stopping to drink at the pool of my clavicle before turning their attention to the cords of my neck , to the area around the bandage , then gently to the top of the bandage .
first i will give you something to make the area numb . ''
our lie is like a f**king cancer that 's spread to every single area of our lives . ''
it 's easy to send out my seismic force in an indiscriminate wave , knocking everything in its path , but he wants me to hit the area right beneath him , and only that area .
once we can release you , you can go home and rest , '' he said , rubbing the area where speckles of gray peppered the hair near his temples .
i caress the tender area to the left of the wound on my shoulder .
i thrust it forward , aiming for the area between his thumb and forefinger , the fattest part of the man 's grimy , infected hand .
he held one hand carefully over the area where he 'd been bitten ; the other clutched his stomach as if that would prevent what thomas now felt was an inevitable barf .
i delicately lift up the fabric of the left one to expose the same area on him that he had branded on me .
aim for the area just below the mouth , or the lower back ; anywhere else is just a flesh wound . ''
rimbaud held out his wrist , displaying a bright red , puckered area of damaged flesh .
dream on , '' i said , brushing my hand on the front of his jeans , just near a very important area .
kissing was nice and well and good , but once clothes started coming off , and other areas started getting explored , i was n't sure if the ugly shadow of that horrible night would swallow me up again .
` ` okay , '' i said , moving my hands away from that particular area .
i would keep her next to de groote , but he is suffering a bullet wound to his lower groin area and will not be leading any part of the imperial guard in napoleon 's new campaign ... nor will he be needing a mistress . ''
dark - purple bruises painted the area under bloodshot eyes .
caroline is n't paranoid - tris really did swipe caroline 's vintage cutoff white t - shirt with flea 's autograph over the left breast area .
i ' m not sure whether the gnawing is coming from my stomach or the arctic vicinities around that area that , earlier , eerily melted under the greenhouse effect of nick 's touch .
she eyeballs me , zeroing in on my chest area .
she sucks my upper lip between her lips , and then her tongue is in my mouth , caressing the middle area between my upper lip and my gums .
and i do n't remember seeing your ... '' i gesture to the general area of his crotch .
the only thing that lifted hanna 's spirits was seeing that the cold mask had turned the area around riley 's brown eyes a harsh , chapped red .
black hair , nose ring , and a form - fitting white shirt unbuttoned recklessly close to areas where guys stare .
isaiah releases me , and as i walk back to school my fingers trace the area where my skin still burns from his touch .
his hand on my skin can make warmth curl in very private areas of my body .
ryan flips his hat back around , leans down , and his kiss warms areas that sweatshirts ca n't touch .
fire races through me and flames lick areas very close to her fingers .
she 's hesitant , testing areas first to confirm the contact wo n't make me sore , and i ' m gentle when placing an arm around her so that i do n't jostle her arm .
the area between my shoulder blades itches as if i ' ve got a bull's - eye painted on my back .
the area between my skin and muscles vibrates .
strands of gray highlight the area near his ears .
i finished my task quickly , then bandaged the affected areas .
she points to an area on a sketched pair of lungs .
she circles an area of the lungs and makes a pinpoint .
she 's got an area on the back of her head that 's been shaved .
i slide my hand underneath her shirt and up her back , then press my lips against the area of skin right below her ear .
the gown clung to my body , the halter straps tying around my neck and dipping into a deep v. my back was exposed and i turned around self - consciously making sure the delicate silk covered all of the appropriate areas .
i heard the sickening , crunching of bones and saw the inflamed areas of his face , squirt with abused liquid .
this impossible mess of tangles desperately needed a trim , but working with what i had , i braided it , using magic to loosen the especially tough areas .
there was such a strong , aching pain in the area where my heart used to reside that i could n't breathe through it , could n't see through the flood of tears in my eyes .
when he was angry he had always targeted her stomach , one of her more vulnerable areas as a lykan .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i say , arching my back as kayden draws hearts on my spine , his hand drifting up my shirt to the area between my shoulder blades .
the area around and underneath my scars aches a little and i massage my thumb across it as i walk out into the sunlight with the paper in my hand .
she pulled the pad away from her swollen cheek and gently touched the area , wincing at the pressure .
the area around the cuts was beginning to turn blue from the impact of the dog 's muzzle , and it was annoying to think that the mongrel was probably relaxing in the sun right now in that little garden , several blissful hours away from our encounter .
the nurse moves the probe back to a specific area and appears to be giving her findings one last check before she announces it .
tiny beads of sweat cover my forehead and the area underneath my nostrils .
i go around to that side , peer underneath the hood , and stick my hand into the area , feeling for his fingers to guide me .
impulsively , i rubbed the area trying to remove the torment .
the area around emma 's temples began to ache .
i could have gawked at all the wrong places ( or right places if you 're a being of the xy chromosome ) or stared at the aforementioned areas long enough to get slapped , but the moment my eyes connected with hers , there was nowhere else i wanted to look .
` ` if you want me to get in that hunk of junk '' -i winced like a bandaid had just been ripped off one of the more tender areas of my body- '' i want you to donate as much money as that thing cost to some charity - any charity - by the end of the week , '' she finished , smirking at me like she had me and was only waiting for me to pick my poison .
her shoulders tensed , just barely , but just enough for me to know i was bridging a delicate area .
` ` it 's all here in the diaphragm , '' i said , pushing the area below my ribs .
` ` the boob area . ''
i 'd been massaging the same area of her head for i do n't know how long .
she was wearing a white silk nightgown that barely covered her more private areas .
` ` the central area in blue is the oldest portion of the brain , aria .
then i feel a hot wet cloth cleaning off the area under scrutiny .
the hot cavern of her mouth made me think of other hot , wet areas on her body and i wanted to explore all of them .
there were other hot , wet areas of her body , and i ached to put my fingers there , and then my tongue , and then finally my rock hard dick .
my first motion will be to lick you from right here , '' he curled both of his fingers close to my most sensitive area and then swept them forward , ` ` to here .
taking the can from her , i put the opening to my mouth , placing my lips right over the area she 'd drunk from and swallowed the rest of the soda in one gulp .
he grinned and brought his thumb up to draw my lower lip out of my teeth and rubbed his thumb over the abused area .
it 's a black widow getup with a spiderweb detailing in the butt area . ''
instead , he was trying to slide out from under me without touching my butt , or hips , or really any area that could be considered inappropriate .
quickly , before blood flows into the area , making it swell , he shifts the cuff slightly and brings his heel down on his wrist .
i ask , also pointing to the area in question .
she , too , was covered in that area .
surprisingly , there was absolutely no shrinking of my nylon shorts in the crotch area , which was a damn waste of tits and ass .
when she moaned against his lips , his muscles tensed , his blood flow changing direction and heading for one area .
` ` if you 're going to play with that particular area , i 'd rather you use your hands . ''
` ` my hands are n't going near that area ever again . ''
shooter reached out to catch one , leaving himself wide open ; i sucker punched him in the kidney , a very sensitive area .
taking time with certain areas .
the man nodded , turning and flicking his wrist as he started dampening a new area .
the whole area around his nose looked bruised .
on his knees , head bowed , he was calling heat to the water , specifying one particular area at a time .
everything about this area was worn .
his watch looked as if it cost more than her mother 's car , and every area of exposed skin was a flattering shade of tan .
meilin let it circle her as she studied it from all sides , looking for dull areas or weakness .
a bone - numbing cold emanated from that area and i shirked away as i stared into the dark .
i could sense some dark black area on the neck just like a target dot .
david put on his now - sterilized gloves , and then applied a generous amount of the moonshine he obtained from the old doctor to the area around the wound in an effort to sterilize it .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized the entire area with the alcohol .
unfortunately the one area that was really giving me a king sized headache was phase iii .
he retired across the room to rub the offending area gingerly , whilst casting black looks to both of the occupants of the chamber .
he looked at the bones and the shreds of faded fabric that still shrouded parts of them then searched around the hip area for a wallet .
the swirl pattern matched perfectly with that in the inset area .
the second , much longer , started as an area of wet warmth around her mouth but then zipped around her body flipping on banks of switches like a pilot readying a jet for takeoff .
the vest was festooned with numerous pockets and pouches scattered around the stomach area , chest , sides , and back .
my hand instinctually moved to my thigh to massage the area where i d been hit .
my hand now moved to massage the area just above the elbow on my left arm .
she went light with the chalk in areas that produced natural shadows like her eye sockets , and darker in places that reflect light , like her cheeks and forehead .
there were only a select few areas where we could do some damage .
the fear began as a little feathery whisper down in the area of my gonads , grew rapidly into a shout and overcame me in a flash .
rica carefully placed her hands on the broken parts , spreading her fingers over as much of the damaged areas as possible then thought of moyo flying of the way his wings looked in the sun light as they stroked powerfully up into the air .
the woman had been stabbed numerous times by the barbed ends , piercing her fragile body in critical areas .
in some areas , too much movement in one direction or the other would result in a head injury .
the creatures limb bent and it gently touched the area around the wound .
there was a very dim glimmer from a globe that cast a reddish glow about the room , but owing to the dark clothing of those within , and a seemingly unnatural darkness of the scant areas of exposed skin , i could make out no details .
curious , i touched the red area , feeling for the wound , as i felt no pain inside my body .
let us move through those areas where eyes are few and tongues are tight . ''
but many of the skeletons still had some areas of mummified remains attached .
when she got there , she found abrasions on the outside of the upper leg and hip area .
this time she leaned into the area above the guards head .
the only area she had not been able to reach was a diamond shaped spot in the middle of her back .
she could nt see it , but the rough diamond shaped area between her shoulder blades , which outlined the spot her fingertips could not reach with sunscreen , quickly began to turn bright red .
the area that appeared to be the top was slightly bowed upward .
he smiled as the heat and exhaustive effort of getting the mahogany box out of the pyramid suddenly added to the hormonally stimulated blood flow down into the area below his waist , which in turn shunted blood from his head .
the area between his eyes on his forehead crunched together and his eyebrows bunched up .
her shoulders were quite wide but the rest of her body was exactly as it should be in those areas that count , her eyes , when open , were a soft brown ... .. understanding .
now he had a work party over the side , on a work platform , priming and painting those areas that were beginning to rust .
she touched the area where three shallow cuts had been inflicted just above his knee .
marlin took a deep breath and winced as pain exploded all over , but originated in only one area , his skull .
they used pressed metal strips and long bolts to slowly work their way up the damaged areas of the main mast .
they were darting to several areas , but not clear enough to focus .
your armour is a good design but it is lacking in some areas , i have modified it to improve your chances of survival .
the woman had a bandana tied around her head and it covered the lower half of her face in a tan cloth with bright , hand - drawn red lips across the area atop her actual mouth , as if the cloth were substituting for the bottom half of her face .
nashua dropped the aim but kept it toward her general area .
surely impossible , as he dissected an area of the body just in front and above the left armpit he discovered that the veins inside the body were filled with solid gold , i .
before mrti or the lieutenant could reach him , the young man pulled his assault rifle from his shoulder , cocked it and opened fire in the general area of the masked man , who took a hit in the shoulder , dropping his missile .
wes reached over and zoomed in on an area near where the bow used to be .
the medic stitched razzaq closed quickly then bathed the area in alcohol .
they steadied their aim and fired for vital areas in the head and heart .
smoke rose from the areas the coffee touched , where it was dissolving the formica .
she could feel the first blister forming even as the guard moved his brand to another area of her back .
ugh , he grunted as he touched a swollen area around his eye .
he poured the amber liquid over his neck and shoulder area .
pushing your thumbs into this area paralyzes the snake .
no one was allowed to access this area and the chest was elevated and protected .
playing guitar in room temperature was starting to look better and better as the huge sweat spots on his light grey t - shirt expanded , threatening to dominate the few dry areas that remained .
in certain areas , i could see purple lines of varicose veins running beneath the skin like webbing .
these ends are much shinier than the center part , which shows dull debris around its middle area .
she looked a little overweight in the lower body area , like a winter runner heavily clothed .
she stayed in the munich hospital for months ; her spine had been fractured in the extreme lower vertebrae area .
as ryan had explained about the large electromagnets in his large space ship , each astermine craft also had a smaller version placed under the skin in the lower belly area of the craft , in - between where its three one - foot legs would deploy for the spacecraft to land on the asteroid .
the sobbing sounds female , it is coming from the general area of the quality assurance team .
it did nt seem to hit any other area .
parts of the skin were now a darkened red , littered with small black scabs the size of pinpoints covering the area like a rash .
both arrows had found the lung - heart area .
ill need roughly as many for the pants as the jacket , and about twenty of those to be twice the thickness for the crotch area i assume you want to protect that .
the entire area was a suppurating wound .
blinking markers point to various areas around the captain 's body while data begins to scroll on each side of the projection .
tiny blinking blue lights appear on the projection in the areas where doctor hartman had highlighted .
her whole body hurt , with areas of excruciating agony located around her ribs and her head .
sometimes , the correction came in the form of a sword strike to the exposed area , and sometimes he would stop and show eryk what he was doing wrong and how to correct it .
i staggered slightly and he caught my weight , pulling hard on my upper arm and sending a shockwave of pain radiating down my back through the area where the rubber bullet and taser had both impacted .
he worked quickly and quietly , dabbing at the wound and washing the area around it .
he removed the cloth and felt the area .
they kept their blows to the stomach and chest : areas of the body that would nt be visible when they dragged him out and threw him in the pit .
` ` it 's a medical technique to stop bleeding inside the head or to stimulate certain areas of the brain with gentle thrusts of energy .
he sensed her trying the girlfriend question again , this time coming in at an unprotected area like a lion attacking from a gazelles blind spot .
the body of the plant , he noticed , was set into the mouth area of a gigantic face carved into the riverbed .
connor watched his quarter staff soar like an arrow past the spinning nun chucks and hit takeo directly in his left rib area .
thankfully the strong chains tethering his lower half to the bench seat restricted the height of his kick to my knee area only .
the man he held crumpled as he died from two fatally hit areas .
the nurse on call on the night dad alluded to in his final communication confirmed that there had been an extraordinarily bright light issuing from all areas of his bedroom door .
gently she felt the area that hurt .
fiend angrily kicks dutch in his torso area , causing him to stumble backward .
ryans best chance was to attempt to hamstring the brute to bring him down , then try to finish him with a strike to a more vital area .
the area around the eye sockets was worn to the skull and insects crawled out of the mouth as it stretched open .
last time you had sex , did your partner ejaculate into your rectum or anywhere around your pelvic area ?
i reached up to feel the side of my head with my left hand , for some reason expecting to find a very tender area , and possibly , blood .
my eyes grew wide and i tried to scoot back out of the way when i noticed her hands were disappearing around boris into my crotch area .
my hand slid through her skin and i saw a bit of a golden flicker around the area that i was interacting with .
i buried my face in the area between her neck and shoulder , and despite the lack of oxygen i could smell her delicious fragrance .
a caldera is a super - volcano an area of the earths crust that s thin and prone to rupture from the forces beneath it .
the pain within my midsection was extreme , and the area below my arms and knees was no longer smooth , but , quite rough as if i was on a plane of pebbles .
i noticed a bandage was over her cubital fossa the area from where blood is usually drawn .
right he finally said , i asked the ncis team to check certain areas for fingerprints ( along with the caa at heathrow ) and we have just got the results back , david i am sure will be here in a moment to tell us more , and with that he walked in .
ncis had checked the equipment bay , the starboard wheel well and around the destructor panel , both inside and out for finger prints , and there had been a lot of them , but only jenny , one of my armourers , had fingerprints in all three areas , but could nt they have gotten there legitimately i asked ?
the third hit proved good , landing perfectly in the area we now know as texas .
i measured lengths of gauze bandage and spread as much unguentine on the wound as possible without actually touching the infected areas , then proceeded to wrap the leg .
i could feel its texture , could feel some rougher areas on his arm , and could feel the hairs on his forearm .
even though the poison slowly blackened the areas of flesh where they sunk their fangs in , your father carried you on his back for two days until the two of you reached our village .
he marked two of my probe areas .
you look at the raised areas on the tube , pastor .
see , its near the torso , the waist area .
the nose area is definitely the same as the soldier .
frank was working on the thigh area of the adult figure .
it seems to be attached to the ankle area .
her hand moved , two slender fingers indicating another area .
she slipped a hand inside the furs and then the wool leggings beneath , sliding her fingers down to the area of irritation .
dipping a rag into the bowl of scented water , she started to wash the woman warrior , carefully wiping her skin clean and getting her to roll over or raise her limbs when she needed to get at the more awkward areas .
its ok , i still have the throwing knives ulf gave me she said smiling patting the area around her waist where the knives were hidden under her tunic .
the robes exposed areas of skin on their chests and stomachs , and it was pierced and sliced and coated with fine powder , like talcum , or ... ash ?
most of the image on the screen was black but some areas of the brain were lit up in colors of exuberant pink and rosy red .
he was studying the areas of the brain that were lit up in color .
those are the areas of the brain that are alive .
those are the areas that the virus keeps awake and functional .
logan stayed on the same line of inquiry : why the hell would the virus keep those parts alive at the expense of every other area of the brain ?
pointing to the spider , the frozen projectile penetrated its upper chest area .
there was little place of privacy upon the ships , however the beak of each vessel was an area generally left to commanders , and though each boat couriered a hundred atlantean soldiers , the resonance of the sea and chaos of paddling oars distorted most sounds , certainly those made by the whispers of man .
she covered each area of skin that still wept blood , and as the warrior began to calm he stared into annas large dark eyes , lost for some time in their beauty .
she saw some scratches in the area of her stomach and some already healed cuts on her arm .
each area my anatomy has to offer right now is running on passion , and i m emotionally vulnerable because of it .
but you ca nt hold a beer with mittens on , either , she said , fastening the mitten to the small velcro piece located on the backhand area .
but because one can never tell how a horse will react , as a precautionary measure the vet further recommends that the trainer himself lather the affected area with some calamine ( pink anti - itch ointment ) in the moments before leading him out to the starting gate .
he put the sweater back in exchange for a white hooded sweatshirt that read in small calligraphy font at the right side of the chest area : ` ` carjo apartments '' with the word ` ` staff '' directly underneath .
he had a half a dozen bite marks on his hands and other exposed areas , but it looked as if his armor had saved him from having his neck torn out .
he bends down to find a spot on him that is not burned , but there is little uninjured area to lift him .
farewell years in hong kong , but also determined the memory area of the brain as soon as possible all the helplessness , humiliation , hardship to wash off !
in most areas it was already shining and beginning to look like a truly professional set - up .
she was dressed exquisitely in black and gold , her dress wrapping her body perfectly , strapped tightly in areas to showcase her perfect body .
he should ' ve been paying more attention because i used that flimsy distraction to maximum benefit , ramming my knee upward into his groin area .
i grinned as he kissed me , his hands roving down my back and cupping a certain curvaceous area .
jack sat down as something embarrassing happened in his groin area .
then he swung the boot full - force into the sensitive area of buddy 's anatomy .
to her surprise , there were no bandages visible in the area of her groin .
no hair , because they d shaved it for the surgery the area was swollen , after surgery the incisions were lower in her crotch , and she could nt see from her angle .
sensation was coming back to her groin area with the passing months , and with the huge v - twin pumping up and down between her thighs she laughed at herself yet again behind the harleys windshield .
so the scott is wearing a kilt , and you know , traditionally oceanna made a gesture toward her own groin area .
pointing to the man in the road , he said , and that man has a welt running in about the same area .
indeed , where one bolt had struck riyans ring mail armor , the rings in that area were slightly melted .
place it over the cracked area , suggested bart .
bart tapped an area near the lock .
the area around the puncture wound had turned red and angry looking as well .
they would use them to deaden an area before cutting into it , so their patient would nt feel any pain .
when that failed to produce a reaction , he tried the area next to the chest and then finally began hitting the chest itself .
he quickly got his water bottle and began pouring it over the affected area .
when the last drop was poured , barts hair in that area looked singed .
he felt the affected area and then allowed riyan to inspect it .
he began pulling the animal out and when it completely cleared the bush , saw where his stone had smashed its chest area .
it was nt until he was checking the area of the statue where the tail left the main body that he came across something interesting .
in the area of his back where the pain had flared the worst , he began to notice a warming sensation that continued to intensify until just before it became uncomfortable .
as soon as the first drop fell onto the burned area of its face , it lashed out with a frantic struggle to free itself .
think of the area from your shoulder to the tip of your blade as one .
in less than a minute , pink skin grew to cover the damaged area .
returning her attention to the one lying before her , she moved his head to expose the area just below his left ear that had been struck , and gasped .
as if they were thinking the same thing , charka said , accessing the next area must have something to do with the face .
using both hands , he brought it down on an area a little up from where the tail merged with the back .
jaikus knew that should he climb up the trunk far enough , his weight , coupled with the degree of the trees slant , would increase the pressure on the area hacked by reneeke , and thus , bring it down .
more than once , he had to singe the outer area of a limb in order to clear a space that was covered in glow - moths so it could be used as a handhold .
it looked almost as if reneeke gasped when the swollen area moved .
turning his eyes upon the swollen area , jaik felt a spike in pain that coincided with the movement of whatever was beneath his skin .
knife appearing in his hand , reneeke wrapped his arm around jaikus injured one to immobilize it , then pinched the area to either side of the internal intruder .
the band of newly grown skin over the area reneeke had dug the larvae from was one of the more vocal of the voices in his chorus of aches .
his mouth watered as his gaze locked between her legs and realized she either had one hell of a bikini wax or she was hairless in the carpet area .
the area was already beginning to redden , but there was no pain .
the only unprotected areas were the armpits and wings .
my spell is picking up the mirror from over a hundred areas .
link your eyewear to learn your targeted area .
just the burned area hurts .
as he turned to hang his coat upon a brass hook , kellys eyes rested upon the area at the top of his shoulders .
you might need to go over the same area more than once , he said , as nothing happened to the marks he was scrubbing .
he then with his open arm forcefully stabbed his sword through the beasts fully exposed chest area where its heart was beating heavily .
he squeezed his nose in the area between his eyes .
into some area that will allow me to create something else .
spiffy , well try the small areas around keeling , virginia that i memorized like the back of my hand .
the surgery was successful , took the pressure off the area caused by the growth , it was benign .
she opens the male body with the tongs pulling back the sliced epidermis at the stomach area .
if they run the girl through the detector , which scans brains and identifies areas responsible for lies , even then everything will look true and they wo nt give her truth drugs , she is not a traitor .
mick walked over to the bloodied remains messing up the sidewalk and kicked viciously at the area of his head .
chase knew he would get the full brunt of her anger later , but for the moment she could only make little mutterings of concern as she stripped off the remainder of his tee shirt and inspected the reddened area below his shoulder blade already darkening to purple .
willie slit its throat and pulled the animal free of the area that had killed it .
i kissed the little area where the neck meets the shoulder , on her right side a little spot i had been craving since i had first seen her .
the area surrounding her eyes began to show signs of bruising .
while ducking , gisbo eyed a vulnerable area and let loose with a straight right punch .
his berserker attire was quite filled out , especially toward his stomach area .
adams face contorted in pain as he was not used to getting this much pain from that area .
jin said poking the area where his bruise used to be .
cael sucked in a shocked breath , pain radiating through his abdomen and hip area .
that s when i saw blood and chunks of skin plastered on the walls in one specific areaan area the size of a fist .
i feel like someone will stab us in our sleep , chris said while examining the area .
i do nt think they re the only ones who know , gabriel said examining the area .
they always had a thin piece of velvet right around the neck area , with a teeny , tiny plastic button that was supposed to be a broach .
she then took a pouch from her belt and opened it , revealing a clear salve which she rubbed over the burned area .
echo turned and watched in horror as a sharp watery weapon from a wraith standing near the river sliced through the air toward the dragons throat -- the only unprotected area of the dragons body .
tyrans left hand instinctively touched the area around the wound .
his muscles were stiff and tight and his fingers found many areas that were tender to the touch .
in fact , that small area now felt smooth , as if buffed .
she placed a trembling hand on his right shoulder , one of the few areas on his torso without a wound .
you pinch the area between the thumb and finger until it lets go ! ''
still high in the trees , she retracts much of her arm and shoulder armor to rub the affected areas .
he rubbed a palm upon her public area .
it was not as hard as the other blows he had received , but it struck a tender area and stung enough to bring small tears .
she tumbled to the ground , biting back a pained shout when his foot connected with the area injured in her fight against ustahli .
fighting back exhaustion , he inspects the area beneath the raised skull .
elish feels the healer concentrating his attention on the area , and the tissues infuse with a pliable amber radiance .
i could pound in the general area of his sunken head but i had no force with the weight of the water chaining my limbs .
she tapped into that part of her , that primal area she tried so hard to deny its existence .
ouch , she said when her fingers reached the large , bruised area close to her hairline .
the physician bent to examine more closely , his fingers probing the area , determining the extent .
he had almost put his foot down when he felt his pants drop , his right heel got snagged in the crotch area and he stumbled backwards .
there was an empty area just in front of it where she would be able to change without something poking her in areas that did nt need to be poked .
it was quite dented and there was a chunk missing from the area covering the pinky finger .
he examined the holes and the area where sandra twisted her ankle .
pressure placed in some areas , pain delivered to others .
he then twisted her wrist and placed his thumb in an uncomfortable area , forcing her to relinquish the dagger .
saeunn noted that syth also treated another area of his body , and that rothnarr had been the victim of something that caused a severe scorch mark on his left shoulder and back , too .
again orngoth landed another solid punch into the same area .
emelia saw his scalp had a reddened area and his long blond hair was patchy .
the knights reflexes saved him as he curled into a ball , turning his armoured back to protect the exposed areas .
but his head had snapped back so far i was certain the rear of his skull had struck the area between his shoulder blades .
he grimaced at the angry , red and purple bruising around the area where his wings joined to his body .
the bruised area was large and it looked to mr . elf like the bruises would continue to spread .
the trick is to stab the unprotected areas of an opponents bodyhis groin , his armpit and especially his neck .
the true test was hitting an area where it could not deflect the blow .
the older bodies appeared to be wrapped in the same barbed wire , as the wire was thickly deposited over genital areas , and cut deep into the wormy flesh .
another peddler had different types of armor , such as a steel suit with chain links to protect areas the plate could nt .
his leg slid in - between my thighs , pressing up against my core , applying warm heat to an area sodden with desire .
he made sure the blood flow would continue into the burned area and then drew himself back out .
he encouraged the circulation to the exposed area and began to work on the next section .
i ' m going to anchor a shield around the damaged area and leave the shield in place to function as part of the wing . }
her hand rubbed the area where i d seen her burn scar .
atemi is an advanced type of martial arts technique that involves blows to different areas of the body ; to break an opponents concentration or balance .
how are you holding upin other areas ?
hafo continued with giving an , ponal and excalier lessons about the weak - points of the human body , making sure to tell them the healing properties of these areas to please excalier .
if i took the energy from my entire body instead of just one area , i would be dead !
he could feel the areas that touched the bed , and those that did not .
frankly , as far as the pack was concerned , as long as they were well fed and given the occasional rest break by which they could take time out to cheerfully lick themselves in intimate areas , they would continue to be happy .
in the damaged area she could see the glint of gold .
prodding it slightly she noticed the shell was shredded and completely missing in some areas .
the princess asked , pointing out the areas where the purplish - pink tones were most evident .
he ran his fingers and his eyes over the area where the hinge flared out to accept the iron bar holding both it and therefore the door in place .
* chapter 39 carey sat bolt upright in her chair , clutching at her heart as if to check that it was still beating , that it was nt just an area warmed by a spirit - fuelled flame .
she said as geda caught up with the mayor , and managed to grab him , though gingerly to avoid touching any private areas .
the faun once again began to scratch the area around his horns , deep in thought .
oggy slammed his war hammer into the area between the dragon 's eyes , providing lot the break he was looking for .
veins protruded over areas of thick muscle along his arms .
a dragon bone long sword impaled the man in the area between his neck and shoulder .
one hand splayed out across my abdomen , while the other slid down my thigh , dangerously close to that sensitive area that was currently heating up between my legs .
evan i whispered as he trailed hot kisses down my neck , finding that spot that caused my knees to buckle as he nuzzled in further , scraping teeth across the sensitive area , then leaving a lingering kiss there before moving on .
she was certain it would nt be long before it overtook the functioning areas as well , but until then , she was determined to get as much information as she could , just to make the eventual breakdown worth it .
apparently word in the lower torso area was that the throat had been cut .
his hand holding the area around his wound .
the only areas in the entire sprawling underground complex of darryn that had received any special attention was the large chamber that served as a temple and a small alcove in the chamber of the drow high priestess and queen , rianon .
her skin , too , was grimy with the wet soot , which covered many of the areas where her flesh had been broiled .
she slid her hands down from his neck , gently stroking the area where his wings spread from his back , and he moaned in response , pulling her tighter , deepening the kiss .
clearly , there was a method to the monsters madness ; by strategically placing his limbs on brontes body , he was able to carve out large areas of the mages skin .
the wings are the horses most vulnerable area .
a thin , red , puckered scar covered the area , unsightly but clean .
he lifted his hand instinctively to the area of complaint and found the wound he d felt before .
merran worked the healing spell over the area just last night .
then he lifted one of korstens arms , displaying the formerly damaged area of soft flesh .
he suddenly wanted more of that touch and shifted slowly , deliberately , so that ashwins slender fingers slid across a sensitive area .
hit or miss , really , since there s no way to see the areas that need mending .
the spell searches for those areas , but the repair is made with haste and without salve to the affliction .
his muscles warmed as the juices seeped under his skin , glowing slightly in a translucent colour over the injured area .
i could finally examine my body and the first thing i did was to begin examining the area on my abdomen where the terrorists were conducting dreadful experiments on me .
you would lick the affected area to ease the pain and eventually the pain was n't there anymore .
regrettably , your highness , there was a considerable amount of blood in that area .
the firefighter shifted his weight impatiently and continued , the fire was localized to the area just inside the front door , and the damage is pretty superficial .
his hand immediately went to probe at the wound area .
silus had fetched a flask of mead and after pulling haralds furs clear , used some mead to clean the area of the wound .
the berger and his wife had stayed with their daughter who was sweating profusely and did not seem in a good way , the swelling had gotten worse if anything and her flesh looked red and raw around the swollen area .
thrax roared in pain and swung his head from votrex to korhan , but before he could attack korhan jumped and span three hundred and sixty degrees throwing everything he had into a committed , downward slash at the wounded area now missing scales .
a handle protruded from the elbow area , suggesting there was a blade concealed within the gauntlet .
cream must be massaged on to the affected areas .
as he pushed down lightly just above and to the left of her pubic area , tatiana flinched .
got short changed in the chest area , pumpkin .
gently i probed the area , wincing at the tenderness .
the area around his eyes was black , as if he were driven mad by the darkness .
in fact , my body was buzzing pretty much all over , especially in my private areas .
he went over the main grip area , and the necking point , the essential features that would allow me to properly launch an arrow .
a moment later he returned to his human form , pulling what few fibers there were in the area to form a pair of shorts .
his hair and eyebrow had been shorn off in several areas as if a lunatic with a razor had at him .
of course , of course , here and in so many other areas , alas .
next to him a tiny ragged woman sings raucously , of love it must be , because she clutches the area of her heart regularly with an ecstatic gap - toothed smile .
as the enemy draws nearer , the atlantean archers hit every area of the siege towers , causing them the appearance of giant porcupines crossing the battlefield .
she did nt know that her arm had been yanked half - way out of its shoulder socket but she felt excruciating pain in that area and all down her arm .
the king was a massively built man , with muscles bulging out of each visible area of skin .
a combination of virgin bashfulness and christian prudence urged fastillion to concentrate his efforts on the least provocative areas of her body until he had eliminated them .
the backs of her hands and her face were exactly the same shade as equal to the most concealed areas of her body .
it did take a herculean effort , however , to manipulate a force of that magnitude , even across such a small area as his body .
when lyght accessed his power , he did so by reaching down in himself , drawing it from somewhere in his chest area .
you , like most dreamcasters , may have the general feeling that your power comes from somewhere in your general torso area .
a general area , dj thought , unable to help wondering if she meant that she could nt target a specific person or that she could nt target a specific body part .
it was an awkward area to reach , so he tightened it for her .
his hand cupped the area between her shoulder blades , where she always felt most tense and had the hardest time working it loose .
instead , he returned to the area between her shoulder blades , rubbing in slow , gentle circles until she drifted into sleep .
it takes one hell of an accurate blademaster to make that shot - she had a tiny , tiny area to hit , the crease which allows the wrist to turn , that was moving fast but she hit it . ''
she wore a green dress with floral patterns on the breast area with a corset and a little cleavage .
at this moment , it is he , frak , fear - gripped but step - by - step sinuously descending into a moonless belly , following a king , one who strides and steps with victorious confidence , holding a torch on high , coiling down and down and down and around and across and under an arch and then into a room that is two men high and three wide but not moonless , rather eerily flushed by a brilliant sunshine , no , not sunshine ... no , not sunshine but it hurts like bright noonday blazing light in the hot season ... every area of his head hurtseyes which have nothing else but sun words with which to describe this light , this which is light but not light ... fiery , but not burning hot ... heavy blanketing as if almost watery , more a presence as if a light alive , this brightness ... but it is the stones which stop him , shut him down , throw a darkness over his brainno words , no images , for the source of the brightness is a flurry of light - bolts striking forth from two stonesstones set in a shiny silver breastplate bigger and thicker and of such substance that frak sees himself falling down onto his knees and from his knees full prone , stretched out onto the floor , there without words but with fists beating the ground , hammering the ground , thumping the ground ... king benjamin laughs heartily but sympathetically at fraks profound misunderstanding ... he knows it is pure and stark fear that grinds frak ... knows that of all feelings fear is not the most powerful one bestowed by the urim and thummin .
it further seems that they have also convinced themselves that my hearing is limited to areas i am standing in .
that is a vulnerable area of the body .
i searched his exoskeleton attempting to find an area of vulnerability .
these men have no exposed areas .
i also was nt hurting or aching in my private area .
but , the appropriate areas of her body will heat while in use .
this time she stayed still , she caught his hand and clinched with all her strength the area between his thumb and index finger with her thumb and index finger .
hold this to the area for a minute or two , for any blood .
my mind tallied up the precise areas of soreness , remembering the cause of each one .
i could nt be more happy or at peace than i am right now , she testified , despite the many areas of her body that were failing .
the book had then gone on to show a simple drawing of a human body with the weakest and most vulnerable areas highlighted .
they looks at the very lines and areas where thauma focuses , the tiny spaces , she held an index finger and a thumb a hairs width apart , where a mages thauma interacts with the world !
there were also stem pixies , which could transform themselves into any other kind : in the event of injury , stem pixies would be transported quickly to the damaged area for the purposes of regeneration .
he jabbed an area near the middle off all the red dots .
her body was covered in tattoo 's all expect her panty area .
the bra was push - up enough that my already nice chest looked positively obscene , but when i ran my hand over the area where i should have felt the mike , all i could feel was the underwire and material .
whatever the demi - fey did to galen , it was more than simple injury , because he 's not healing in one certain area the way he should .
i traced the edge of the scarred area .
i frowned up at him , and laid my hand against his face , the edge of the scar just another area under my hand .
touching would make it harder still , but i wanted her away from the sink area .
wax spiders moved with lazy grace to the damaged area and began repairing it , multiple legs stroking and smoothing the croach back into its original form .
his shirt was tattered and clung to a body that was stained red in areas .
' i ca n't even begin to fathom how enormous it is ... ' any moment now , this would turn to some horrible confession , probably one involving a pelvic rash or a request for help removing a fishing hook from a particularly tender area .
' i settled with the idea that i should cease trying to help a man intent on ignoring that this ` ` woman '' has fangs and that he wants them near tender areas . '
tolliver rejected the sweatshirt with the simple remark ` ` damp , '' and found his suitcase by patting the area where it was supposed to be .
some of his bones had been scattered , and the stomach area had been torn open and devoured by something .
he used the silent ride up to check for any areas in his mind that felt weak before he undertook this gamble .
another gesture , and a large , semicircular area of the dirt shifted its contours , becoming an irregular , bumpy surface , not too unlike the skin of a garim .
the area tingled as the medicine started working .
if isana attempted the usual course of action , attacking the fever directly , it would tear apart fade 's hand , allow the infection to spread to different areas of the body while maintaining its painful and dangerous density , send him into shock , and likely kill him .
the cane flinched from the sudden pain in such a sensitive area , and it threw off the timing and power of its attack .
there was a peculiar sensuality to the movement , and though some part of her was fully cognizant that they were in mortal danger simply moving openly through the city , she had forced the reasoning , analytical aspects of herself to the rearmost areas of her mind .
i wipe off the areas where he touched me , erasing the dampness he left on me and the feel of his touch .
the firelight glows in her blue eyes and shadows the area underneath her defined cheekbones , so she looks almost skeletal .
i bend my arm and reach over my back , wincing the moment my fingers touch the area and the pain doubles .
` ` it 's not that big of a deal , '' i try to tell him , flinching when he touches the area .
i nod , my eyes shutting as his hands move away from the tender area and down my back , massaging my muscles .
` ` they 're about in the same area where angel wings usually sprout . ''
i did n't say you were growing wings , only that the bruises are in the same area . ''
magic flows to the areas which i ' ve targeted and cells knit together in response to my command .
a tight knot in the area of her chest eased a little .
we slowly fell back into the bed and played out a dance that could have been choreographed , grazing over our injured areas , gently stroking and teasing the more eager areas .
we slowly fell back into the bed and played out a dance that could have been choreographed , grazing over our injured areas , gently stroking and teasing the more eager areas .
he licked and sucked at my n**ples in a slow , melodic fashion as i teased the eager areas on his hard chest , going round the bandages like a rat in a maze .
the audience went on in its drunken anticipation , but the area around the stage lapsed into a hush , feeling the weight of the moment , knowing what everyone else did n't .
blind io had got his name because , where his eye sockets should have been , there were nothing but two areas of blank skin .
it was small , bow - legged and wiry , and basically grey but with patches of brown , white and black in outlying areas , and it was staring .
the first elf reached her , hauled her up by her shoulder , and got a doubled - handed , bony - knuckled punch in an area that nanny ogg would be surprised that esme weatherwax even knew about .
he 'd just felt his mouth drop open and small areas of his brain fuse together .
a couple of assassins glanced at dr cruces and reached nonchalantly towards various areas of their clothing .
the horde dived for cover just as the explosion removed an area of floorboards , a circular part of the ceiling and all of lord nine mountains .
clasping it to his groinal areas , he barrelled forward and fled out of the pantry and out of the kitchen and out of the dining - room and out of the inn and into the night .
then he took a key from a drawer and walked across to a wall , where he pressed a particular area .
he produced a watch special constable 's badge on a string , which he hung around the general area where his neck should have been , and then stood as much to attention as an orang - utan can , which is not a great deal .
there are some places where the boldest dare not go , and those areas of nobby upwards of the knees and downwards of the stomach were among them .
but the senior wrangler was lightly built for a wizard and mrs whitlow was a fine figure of a woman and , furthermore , the wizard 's grip was limited by the fact that there were very few areas of mrs whitlow that he dared actually touch .
' there are also strata of hazelnut praline in rich butter cream , and areas of soft caramel for that special touch of delight . '
it was happening far below the areas of the brain that made decisions .
carefully , hamish touched the shiny area again .
this would be about the right area , ' she said .
he was suddenly acutely aware that under his robes - his tattered , badly - faded robes , he realised with an added spasm of guilt ; the robes with the perforated area where the mice had got at them - he was still wearing his bedroom slippers .
he tried to think of what to say next , and a small receptor area opened in his mind at the same time as an inspiration particle , its path bent and skewed by a trillion random events , screamed down through the atmosphere and burst silently just at the right spot .
he prodded her in what looked like the least embarrassing area of her skin .
the area was so damaged , his words seemed to be torn from his throat .
` ` why is the area around your wound bruised ? ''
she clenched her teeth as a burning pain spread over the area .
he breathed over the two areas and the pain swept through once again .
he knew he had the area protected by his hands , but gwenvael still curled on his side , grunting in pain as her foot slammed down on the area near his kidney instead .
he knew he had the area protected by his hands , but gwenvael still curled on his side , grunting in pain as her foot slammed down on the area near his kidney instead .
she looked down at the red irritated area that was becoming redder and more irritated by the second .
knowing when she was beat , at least in one area , keita said , ` ` of course .
he clenched his hands into fists to stop himself from scratching the area until there was blood .
with a quick flick , he opened up the old wound and keita slathered on a healthy amount of the ointment , making sure much of it got inside the opening , as well as covering the entire area .
mostly animal skins and bits of armor covering the important areas and arteries .
` ` here , '' vigholf said , crouching behind her and careful y placing ointment on the area .
i just have to remember ... '' then he flicked his hand in her general area , and eibhear decided it was probably best not to ask what that meant .
` ` please tell me you did n't '' -and he covered the boy 's ears with his hands , although it was more like he wrapped his hands around the boy 's entire head because the area was so small- '' kill the jailer ! ''
before they took flight each night , izzy would have to help him clean out any areas that might affect his flying and he just willed himself to ignore the itching in the other places .
i like that , '' he said , brushing his finger across the same area he 'd just slapped .
his thumb massaged the area first - i closed my eyes so he would n't see them rolling in the back of my head - before applying a growing pressure that literally jolted every nerve within me like a live wire , before they all dulled into the most relaxed , glowing stupor .
she capped her lipstick , reinserted it in its hiding place , and pulled a piece of folded paper from the same area .
i reached one hand forward when my eyes could bear gazing no longer , and rested my palm on the area above where his heart was , fingering the skin around it until i felt goose - bumps appear .
` ` i promise , '' i vowed , while i leaned towards him and kissed the neck area just below his ear .
had it not been for the cami , it would have barely covered the area from the top to the bottom of my chest .
his hand went immediately for my cheek , the other searching over the rest of me for any damage done ... although it felt a bit too explorative over certain areas of my body to be innocent in nature .
` ` i ca n't believe this , '' he said , hoisting his hands on his hips , drawing my attention to an area of his body that made my breathing more ragged .
i dropped the cup in the sink , spinning around shock - faced , realizing too late i was nak*d save for the scraps of fabrics that , instead of covering , seemed to highlight the areas they were stretched over .
extremely lucky , he crooned , eyes latched onto certain areas of my body that were bouncing in rhythm to my escape .
he looked down at his chest , feeling around the sternum area .
it had never steered me wrong yet '' it was my confuddled mind that had made a mess of things , so tonight , my cranium area was official y off duty .
moving the fabric aside , he kissed the area of skin beneath the buttons , undoing the next one at the same time , kissing that spot and continuing on that journey south until the last one was freed .
he recognized the cause immediately : there was a group of marks in the area .
the pressure on your arm keeps you focused and the metal gives raguel a concentrated area to heat . ''
one arm in particular was nearly severed , the elbow area having melted into a gory puddle .
i promise , '' he grinned , and tried to move my hand down to the signature area .
he teased the area for awhile until he decided he had enough and pushed it aside .
she reached up to her face and wiped the area beside her eye .
then it was the area beneath the nose .
the hairs on my arms stood up and the area around my neck bite was pleasantly cool .
he took my hand in his and raised it so i was pointing at the area .
she rubbed that area a little too long , but what i 'd said earlier held true .
it probably did n't help that it was on one of the more sensitive areas .
* * * i woke up to dex 's warm hand sliding up underneath my shirt , teasing at the soft area underneath my breast .
a kick seemed to have all the power of one from a large man , but very painfully concentrated into a smaller area .
the strange sword he had been stabbed with had left an equally strange scar , a stiff ridge of nearly purple tissue , and the area around it was exquisitely tender .
the blade - beast recoiled , but raucous took a spinning , dancelike step forward , to stay in close and build momentum for a thrust of his blade that struck into the unguarded area of the vord 's head and upper body , plunging deep into both .
as the gargant drew closer to the edge of the precipice , tavi could see that the growth had runnels and areas that looked as though bubbles of air had been trapped beneath it , and for all the world looked like melted wax had been dripped over the surfaces of the trees , but for the desperately reaching branches high up in them , layer upon layer , until the whole resembled some fantastic , bizarre work of art .
he skipped areas that might have led to excessive moaning ( not that i was n't moaning already ) and moved on to my hips , my stomach .
this tornado 's keystone was hard to find , hard to get my hands around , but once i found the specific area i needed to affect , i poured david 's power into it , added my own , and the weight of oxygen and nitrogen cooled , slowing the tornado 's spin , shattering the forces that held it in form .
the areas i could see , at least ; i had no doubt that if i opened up a closet ( or for that matter , a drawer ) i 'd see more of ortega 's collecting fetish , but right now , the only things that mattered to me were open space and privacy .
the burning sensation on my back had faded into a dull buzz , but the whole area still felt warm and tender to the touch .
so i lay my hand on the plastic sheet , over the area where her heart should have been ; of course , the shape under the sheet was not a full shape anymore , not after eighteen months in the ground .
his lips twitched away from a smile , and his voice dipped down into octaves that resonated in deep , liquid areas of my body .
he did highly inappropriate things to areas of my body that did n't exist in any corporeal way .
there was one area moving the other direction .
laurence at the moment had little room for any emotion but relief , for they had come to their own dock , and temeraire was still sitting on the deck of the ship ; although that looked more like an abattoir at the moment , and the area around his chops more red than black .
he found temeraire still sleeping peacefully , the flesh around the bandaged area only ordinarily warm to the touch .
instead my hands go to my hairdo , the one area of my body my prep team had been told to leave alone .
the burned area is about the size of my hand .
i cut off the damaged area leaving me with a garment that comes just to the bottom of my ribs .
those thumbs settled on the second most sensitive area on my body , where he moved them in a slow , gentle circle that took my breath away .
ralph believed the only reason he could still look at litchfield without wanting to knock his block off was that dr . jamal had told him that an earlier diagnosis probably would have made no difference ; by the time carolyn 's headaches started , the tumor was already well entrenched , and no doubt sending out little bursts of bad cells to other areas of the brain like malignant care packages .
he made his way slowly through the area marked stomach remedies , sojourned briefly in the kingdom of analgesics , and quickly crossed the land of laxatives .
then - again avoiding any wounded areas - he gripped my shoulders , and i expected him to throw me onto the bed anyway .
you re off pulses of emotions , targeted at a single person or in an area , and your subjects will have their emotions altered - hopefully producing the effect that you wished .
doyle shook his head , pressing the cloth in an area that seemed to run under frost 's arm and into his shoulder .
our bodies were touching in all the right areas one wanted them to touch when they were in bed .
isana stared at the mauled sword for a split second , the edge of the sliced area glowing red with shed heat , and knew that she had been more than merely fortunate .
there was one tiny area of emptiness somewhere , some fragment of his soul , something unaccounted for ...
` ` no groping , '' i warned , seeing his hand slyly move toward forbidden areas .
his fingers ran over that delicate area , both for sensuality and his own curious exploration .
again , she felt around the ankle area , her hands gently touching here and there .
turning his face toward mine , i moved my lips closer to his , lightly kissing the area just by his mouth .
imitating what i 'd done to him earlier , he did n't remove his mouth until my climax finally subsided , my body still twitching each time his tongue tauntingly darted out and teased that oh - so - sensitive area .
the wolf walked behind a bush and when he was done changing to human , renfield stood up using the foliage to cover his private area .
his teeth closed around a sensitive area on her inner thigh , near her sex and she jumped a little then giggled .
diana continued , ` ` then from a golden chalice of dried amaranth flowers , sprinkle the body and its surrounding area . ''
it was so muffled he could n't rightly tell where it was - only the general area from which it came .
it had sounded like ron 's voice and it had seemed to come from the general area of ron 's face , it was just that it had demonstrated a coherence you did n't often get .
mr tulip used his head all the time , from a distance of about eight inches , but he was not , except in one or two unexpected areas , a man given much to using his brain .
muscles moved in various areas of the landlady 's face .
some areas of sacharissa 's mind that dealt with things like death and terror were signalling to be heard at this point , but , being part of sacharissa , they were trying to do it in a ladylike way , and so she ignored them .
i sped through it , imprinting it on the area that was dark inside of my own head .
her face , neck , and arms - the areas that had been most exposed to the ash in the firelands - were a hot , painful red .
while gregor had n't received any new wounds , he 'd popped the stitches on the cut on his calf and the area was slightly inflamed .
the area was n't covered by metal armor but by a thick leather panel .
this was not an area often given attention by the tower servants .
mat had asked a seanchan armorer if certain areas of the female breastplate should n't be emphasized , so to speak , and the armorer had looked at him like he was a half - wit .
i gently touched the area around a faint cut on her forehead .
he was badly scarred from the burns and on some areas of his body , he was nt even black anymore , but a bright pink .
once the buttons were undone , jamie immediately reached into the opening , but robert was still fussing around , sweeping in more straw with his hands , mounding it a little in front of jamies crotch area , thinking that the extra straw would help to soak up the liquid .
both he and erich had theorized wrongly that all imbecilic brains of blind and malformed children would produce observable lesions , or other damaged areas in the tissues of the brain .
leave the shoulder and head area covered so that she can continue to receive the essence that she needs .
i know she s your mother , but you did nt make out in the mother area any better than we did .
he looked up at her , those beautiful blue eyes of his warm , earnest , and reaching areas of her heart that she 'd forgotten had existed .
wiping the razor on the leg of his breeches , he shaved the area around the wound with as much skill as any barber .
` ` but hera 's area of the liver overlaps that of demeter .
he felt vulnerable around the neck area .
they were then hung in the tree where they had been disemboweled by cutting them just below the sternum down to just above the groin area .
simon directed his attention to the area of the twitch and swore softly at the sight of a bare foot protruding from the hay .
with hopeless desperation she instinctively gave him water and bathed his forehead and the area where the bullet had entered to try to cool the fever .
the beating drives jared back so deeply into a repressed area of his psyche that it releases a fury and a savagery that threatens his own sense of himself .
his left arm sweeps the area forcefully .
in several minutes they come to an area with single cells like seg .
she begins to massage his penis , rubbing a soothing , spicy - smelling lotion all around his private areas .
` ` everything about usour memories , our abilities and thoughtsare stored in different areas of our brains . ''
she then retrieved his straight razor from the box in the back end of the wagon , right near the tailgate , and used it to carefully remove the hair around the area in the fashion of a circle that was nt much bigger than a silver dollar .
the old prospector pushed a thought - provoking hand around to the back of his neck and gave the area a real good rubbing .
* a split second before the sound of the rifle had reached his ears , jesus felt the shock of a searing hot pain as it tore into the area of his left hip , just above the belt .
but even that small effort sent another groan to his lips from the hurt area .
he pulled the cork from the mouth of the bag and began frantically spilling water onto his face ; due to his nervous condition he consequently spread it over more of an area than necessary .
with their hands still raised , he released her hand and trailed his caress down her arms , flowing over her most sensitive areas and resting on her stomach .
he pointed to the area above the third button on her dress bodice .
she has darkened the area around her eyes so that she will look dark and mysterious .
i remember them saying that just after the light show that bubbles begin forming all over that area .
as the carrier feeds off the next flower the pollen is shed into the area of the ovary and can be picked up by the sticky stigma .
there was an arrow drawn from the chest to an area on the edge of the circular design , accompanied by another detailed description in spanish , a language john did n't understand .
he washed his hands and rubbed them while still wet over the brushed areas before drying the horse with a clean cloth .
by then everything would be available , blood count and smear , bone marrow results and x - rays of key body areas .
this time she stood there trembling as he unbuttoned the back of her dress just enough to reveal a small area of her back .
i think you may sell them but leave the areas where they were slashed , audley said , sitting down opposite him and putting his hat on the table .
still a tender area ?
the girl had a hand on longswords chin and was carefully turning his head slightly so that she could get a better look at the injured area .
shed bathed the wounded area with infusion of dried goldenrod and afterwards , with not a little trepidation because she had never done so before , took a thin sewing needle and thread and stitched the mouth of the wound shut .
the lips of the wound had nt fused but he kept the area covered and drank the chamomile tea gladys boiled for him and did nt think anymore about it .
carefully , she peeled back the linen bandage untidily wrapped around the injured area .
he wore his chestnut brown , neck - length hair untied , and although beardless , his face was darkly stubbled , except for the area that a long , jagged scar passed through .
his hand was still under his armor but was now raking at the area near the small of his back .
( the author rises above his own mediocrity here , and attains something like purple pulp , an inspired gush of horny prose , especially in the oral - genital area . )
when they parted to form words , the inner , moist area of her mouth formed perfect curves , and each time the two lips came back together was like watching a sweet , sensuous kiss .
his arms jumped to cover his vulnerable areas .
` ` did i hit a tender area ? ''
tomas tried not to look at his fathers body and the humiliating way his private area had been mutilated and violated with the catheter and exposed for anyone to see .
he felt her arms , then legs , then stomach area .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
the nurse was clearly happy to fill the quiet space , and spoke in a light - hearted manner as he continued to take the ice pack from jamess face , dry the area , and dab antiseptic across the wound .
the disease appears to be attacking not only the areas of the brain that govern emotions , but also our perceptions .
the real injury was a depressed fracture of the skull , extending right up through the motor area .
the whole motor area seems affected .
a shelf of white bone protruded from the area below the effigy .
there were so many , in fact , that he could nt see a single unaffected area on the mans skin , save for the hand that had reached out from the dark depths .
and one - by - one , in a demonstration of conquering fears , the corpse 's breasts , thighs and many other areas were fondled in a morbid fascination that would disturb the boys for many years to come .
and of all things , the area that no one would touch was the woman 's hand .
we used the betadine around the area where the cut would take place .
there s some in my hair on the left side , and some on my sweatshirt on the shoulder area .
i pulled up the band - aid and cotton and saw a yellow stained area with a small puncture wound in the center , an iv drip line .
he kept caressing the old man 's head , petting the bald area like someone might do to their pet .
atemi is an advanced type of martial arts technique that involves blows to different areas of the body to break an opponents concentration or balance .
despite her large wart and slightly crooked nose , sally had always been an attractive woman , well - endowed in those areas most associated with the feminine .
i point to the slight bulge at the crotch , the one area left intact .
leaving the area negates the anomaly .
he moved his mouth along my jaw line inching back to the tender area under my ear .
my eyes trailed back and zeroed in on the area around my purse again .
the smell of sweat was nt overly discernable , but the feel of dried sweat , the damp and tacky feel of the shirt in the armpits and chest areas was a reminder .
breathing deeply , there was moist sweat in the armpits and in the chest area .
in areas where there was no dried blood , he could see her soft , beautiful skin and long , silky brown hair shimmer beneath the moons light .
he realized that his strength increased during feeding , and he noticed that he had eaten a large chunk from the animals neck and shoulder area .
someone had done a pretty good job of bandaging up the area .
the area of the body where the burning intensified to the point of being unbearable was the back .
with broad strokes of the peeler i sculpted muttonbird 's body by carving out what was not needed , paying particular attention to those areas that she herself had considered an issue .
bane lowered the pliers down towards elias groin area and slowly turned his vision back to the commanders eyes .
with an ear - to - ear grin etched upon his face , jimi the hitman thrust the electrically charged rod true and firm directly into penchanskys groin area and held it firm until the smell of scorching flesh filled the room .
the distinct lack of a verbal response immediately alerted his tormentors that something was not right , and as jimi removed the picana wand to assess if it had inflicted any damage , he was confused to see that it had ; it had permanently scorched the exact area that the rod had been thrust against , but yet his victim , had not even let out a whimper of agony .
his first blow , a fast , mighty and rigid punch straight into the fat mans groin area ; the resulting spasm of pain causing him not only to double in two , but also to release the final round from his revolver , which shattered into the tiles only inches from his head .
he put some gauze over the area and secured it with some tape .
he 'd found a pube or something , like , up inside of it , then he showed me his hairless pubic area .
as if in response , the more meaty areas of the slime twitched .
there was ronnie , who was bleeding profusely from his stab wounds in his chest and groin area where he had been castrated .
i started by cutting away the rough , torn areas of flesh , and when i was done set about piecing together the arms .
he yelped and slid his leg away , rubbing the area .
have you yet experimented with removing the infected area or even amputating ?
he barely reacts , only a slight jolt in the shoulder area , then he stumbles over the bed .
he tapped his fingers to the side of his face along the temple area .
they were able to see most of its body through its worn , tattered clothes - rodents had eaten their way through them to reach the flesh - there were holes in these areas ; a shrivelled , desiccated body with its limbs twisted protectively into itself , its mouth yawning wide , frozen in a scream , and its lost eyes staring sightlessly ahead .
i ve never seen a bole like this , he said , slopping around to the nearest end of the trunk and laying eyes on the area that had so fascinated the lathians .
well have a look , a quick look , he seemed to remember his infamous skittishness around blood , make certain the affected area has nt , umthat you have nt , eh , he trailed off again , whimpering softly , but before i do , why do nt you tell me what happenedexactly ?
you need plenty of salve on the affected area , he said , the shape of his head tilted at the blackness around jayshs naked buttocks .
he leaned his mouth close to the dark area of his teachers head and said , in a hushed whisper of sound , are you all right ?
as he continued to watch , though , glob after glob began to appear from the same area of the undercarriage .
he felt a palm , four fingers , and a thumbso soft , he thought , so very , very softand then he was sailing through the air , landing on his back and grating through the area where the worm had last attacked .
marcie is not a proper physical counterpart for the exercise you need in those areas .
neither did he know whether what he dreamed was part of his thoughts or some other area of his mind .
nevertheless , he removed his claw from the area of my throat .
fingernails of ice sunk into the exposed area of david 's neck .
about 20 feet away was the forsaken , falling apart but rumbling toward them , a soft groan coming from its ... head area .
flaps of skin hung around the area of both temples , blood gushing down the sides .
he concentrated the spray on that particular area and within seconds , a blue star seemed to materialize right before his very eyes .
that was still no reason to needlessly expose his sensitive area to the cold , if he could help it .
he pulled his scarf around tightly , but the icy stinging still hit him hard in the unprotected upper area of his face .
the skin was paler than normal , and only small streaks of blood stained the area around and below the wound .
i ensured that i cauterize the entire wounded area and then lifted the pan away from his stump .
after standing up , she kicked off her jeans with her panties sitting in the crotch area , leaving her bottom half exposed .
katie covered her mouth in shock as blood continued to ooze from several areas on caydens body .
the slugs spread wide and shred an area inside a man the size of a grapefruit .
paul did nt like the way one of the eyes was looking at him , so he used his club to beat the eye and surrounding area until it was totally indistinguishable .
she rubbed some of the bloody tissue from the exposed area and revealed a different layer of skin underneath .
no amount of exercise , fondling , or massage had done anything to encourage growth in the mammary area .
he did have the head , and he took special pains to examine the area he d laid down on .
with her other hand , she probed the tender area and winced .
dark hair covered his head , face , chest , legs and pubic area .
scratched at an area below her right eye .
she fires a single shot into the corner of the square shaped hatch and that succeeded in frying the bolt in that area .
saffron is alive , the pain will pass , she repeated over and over in her mind as white hot pain in one part of her body was drowned out by a feeling of power and strength in the area the pain had just left .
no dice , there was nothing there i even pressed down on the area of the mattress where i was laying ; looking for an errant spring or anything that could have poked me , and again , nothing .
finally , how to produce a trembling effect ( in their jargon , the palsy line ) in order to avoid too clear a demarcation between corrected and uncorrected areas .
she wore a see - through blouse with thick velvet sections that covered her breast area and torso .
in one quick motion , he gripped her lower , sharp toothed jaw with his left and made sure he jammed his fingers into the soft gum area just beneath the teeth .
the overall color was greenish - yellow except the areas that were lividly diseased .
i realized then that i was face to face with the area in which this thing 's asshole would be , if it were built like us .
he started butchering her in the neck area and managed to cut almost half off .
he aimed for jonathans back ; right in the heart area and jonathan fell .
bob stepped out of the bush with a huge metal rod in his hand and hit karls leg right at the knee area , in the back as hard as he could and then he disappeared into the bush again .
while the coffee scalded a tender area that no reasonable man would ever want burnt .
after soaking a towel in water , jeremiah laid it gently over the man 's bloody pulpy facial area .
the weirdest thing was that they did n't feel strange as they were turning red throughout the white area , just a bit itchy .
chariah began sifting through stratagems and battle - plans as he relaxed the muscles in his shoulder , letting the dark energy which he had concentrated into that area flow back to the rest of his body .
in addition , i would bring pieces of chocolate and leave it in the area so that amber would feel all - the - more special .
this final smash that was fueled by such incredible momentum not only broke her neck and damaged an area of her spinal cord , but caused injury to the posterior inferior frontal gyrus of her brainmore commonly referred to as broca 's region ( responsible for speech and language comprehension ) .
although we label the area responsible for generating speech and understanding language , it really is n't .
it seems that other areas of the brain are capable of taking over whatever responsibility the broca region has .
and her long , straight , strawberry , red hair had thinned in many parts , many other areas to be replaced by lifeless , split grays .
michael pointed the flashlight at an area in the chamber .
she told him everything ; the bicycle accident and how it damaged the area of her brain for speech while leaving her paralyzed from the neck , down .
the area around the eye was scarred with burned tissue .
when the cold water contacted the affected area i involuntarily sucked air through clenched teeth .
the skull around the area blackened a little and i saw pine wince in pain .
mary looked around to make sure that nobody was standing near by and watching , before she scratched herself in a certain private area that nobody else need know .
milt swiped at his sweaty forehead with the back of his left hand , smoothed down his pony tail , wiped the back of his hand on the hip area of his t - shirt , and began his speech .
the area stung when he dabbed it with his palm .
sven swung the shovel , aiming at the lower part of the mans head , at the jaw area .
he stabbed two of the four zombies in the face , always aiming for the area around the eyes .
every man has one vulnerable area .
he stood up and twisted his body to both sides to stretch the muscles and then massaged the area with his right hand .
` ` funny , '' nick said , massaging the area just above his right hip .
something working its way through subroutines in his subconscious , waiting to work its way to the main area of his brain where he could laugh at the simplicity of the problem .
he pulled his shirt out of his waistband and looked at the area where the pain was as he massaged it , kneading the skin and wondering what was causing the spasm .
he tried to trace the area that had been the pain , but it started nowhere and went nowhere .
he frowned and rubbed it , arching his back to stretch out the area but not dissipating the feeling .
he grit his teeth and sat up off the seat cushion , trying to stretch out and take some pressure off the area , but it did nothing .
he opened the drawer and withdrew a 2 strap , which he placed directly on top of the area where the forehead generally was , and repeated the steps to fasten and tighten it .
one on top for the head , two side - by - side for center mass , and one lower for the groin area .
malcolm said , waving down toward his private area where there was a thick patch of groomed black pubic hair covering the surrounding area his unmentionables .
malcolm said , waving down toward his private area where there was a thick patch of groomed black pubic hair covering the surrounding area his unmentionables .
he put it on the nightstand beside him and scratched his pubic area underneath the covers .
bill let out a hysteric yelp and immediately clutched the wounded area with his hands .
josh felt his crotch area and moaned , he had sweated through his pants , which is common when you are going through withdrawal .
he covered his private area and was full on crying then .
she knew that douching had no effect in preventing pregnancy or disease but she wanted to get that sticky white residual out of her private area .
coarse dark hair grew from all areas of his face and head .
he felt that his knowledge of denker might be a subconscious thing , pounding on the door between that area of his mind and that of rational understanding and recognition , demanding admittance ... and that another part of him was searching frantically for the monkey 's paw , or its psychological equivalent ; for the talisman that would wish away the knowledge forever .
there was a terrible dryness in my throat and upper chest as if those areas had been blotted of all moisture .
and it 's only when i grab his shoulders and haul him up , pulling his head in towards my chest , that i realise - his head , the coat and the area around his shoulders ... they 're all dry .
he was feeling the texture of the leather , and very carefully not going lower on the other man , or maybe he was just feeling the more intricate texture of the leather at what would have been the belt area , where instead of a belt the pants had their own interwoven lacings .
stroke victims , for instance ... they sometimes access previously dormant areas of their brains in order to walk and talk again .
the lights go on in a similar area of the brain , but on the other side . ''
he wiped it with the heel of his hand wincing as fresh pain stung him - the area above his left eye felt like freshly tenderized meat .
he slammed a fist into his chest just above the left nipple ( an area which had once been hard and now was n't very ) just to show the pump underneath who was the boss .
the left side is where broca 's area is - not that anyone knew that in the 1920s .
i should tell you that while i took all the stories google led me to with a grain of salt , i did n't reject even the wildest completely , because i never doubted that my own strange experiences were related to the injuries i 'd suffered - the insult to broca 's area , my missing arm , or both .
i want to thank russ dorr , my old medical friend , who patiently explained both broca 's area and the physics of contracoup injuries .
' the trunk area ? '
the stomach area was a cheesy whitish shade , like the gut of a rotted stump or the throat of a decaying swamp - lily .
he then used his pincers to pull back the hide over the thoracic area , more clearly revealing a spongy dark green mass beneath a narrow arch of bone .
curt retracted the hide from the abdominal area and asked tony to pin it , first on the left and then on the right .
i 'd also caved in the chest area .
if it slides past that area , it wo n't matterif it stays up - it 'll he as out of reach as it is right now .
she already knew where the vital spot was , anyway : the area just below the thumb .
the burned skin on his calf was still contracting , too ; he could feel the tautness of the scalded area pulling at the skin around it .
he touched the left side of the chest , shoulder area .
it was meant to bring me in against his shoulder , but i ended up pressed to the front of his body with my entire head below his chest , so sort of his upper stomach / chest area .
someone 's foot got me in the side of my neck right here- '' he massaged that area where the jaw turns up toward the ear , and i nodded .
he was sitting in it , his sprinted legs stuck stiffly out in front of him , his pelvic area feeling uncomfortably swollen and not very happy with the new position .
she helped him to sit up - there was a dull , thudding flare of pain in his pelvic area but it subsided - and then she leaned over , the side of her neck pressing against his shoulder like the neck of a horse .
the pain had begun to mutter up and down his legs again , and it was speaking even more -loudly from the area of his pelvis - he had been sitting up for nearly an hour , and the dislocation down there was complaining about it .
he asked softly she jumped a little - nettle cobb had the face and almost painfully shy manner of a woman made to jump at voices , no matter how soft and friendly , when they spoke from the general area of her elbow - and smiled at him nervously ` ` it 's missus cobb , mr . gaunt , although my husband 's been passed on for some time now . ''
we have two clear , fan - shaped areas of introduction here the cheek - wound and the chest - wound .
her hand was bandaged , but a large area was saturated with blood .
she retreated unwillingly , her eyes alternating between the hateful cross and an area on ben 's neck to the right of the chin .
the blue of my t - shirt had streaks of purple on the stomach area , where blood had soaked through .
he was at a luncheon with one of those arabs who always look as if they have rubbed all the visible areas of their skin with brylcreem .
only the flesh around her eyes was white ; that area had been washed clean by her tears .
more stirrings from the area below his belt - buckle .
the parietal lobe has something to do with the sense of touch - how much or how little we are not completely sure - and it is very near to that area of the brain that sorts and identifies various shapes and textures .
the tumor lies in the same area that was injured in the crash , the same area that i now believe was probably bruised when i was a child and took a fall one day while skating on runaround pond .
the tumor lies in the same area that was injured in the crash , the same area that i now believe was probably bruised when i was a child and took a fall one day while skating on runaround pond .
the tumor lies in that area which i always called ' the dead zone ' .
the removal of the gas ring had left a round hollow area at the base of the tank .
there had been a great deal of excitement on the neurological front at first ; a dark , non - specific shadow in the area of hilly 's cerebral cortex had suggested that the boy 's strange dopiness might have been caused by a brain tumor .
the patch of hard , yellowish skin had spread c it had become a blotch , a vaguely treelike shape that spread upward to the area between his nipples and downward , widening , toward his belly button .
that 's a hard area to trace . ''
in some areas there even seems to be a white chitinous crust formed in patches over the arm .
for those of you that might not know , a western dictionary definition of the bidet may read : a bathroom fixture used for washing the crotch area .
the ideal position being the spray of water must clean an area close to the most sensitive apparatus of the male anatomy .
accorded to the sicko book , ideally , the spray of water should be directed to hit between this area and the second most sensitive area of the males posterior ; you know , ai nt one , ai nt the other .
accorded to the sicko book , ideally , the spray of water should be directed to hit between this area and the second most sensitive area of the males posterior ; you know , ai nt one , ai nt the other .
bengal said as he smooched an air kiss in the general area of her cheek .
a giant robot with a huge freakin laser beam sticking out of its head in this area appears to disintegrate all super heroes accompanying the pcs .
moeller ran a finger over the chafed area on his throat .
a small hole is cut into the end of the bottle and a plastic carrier bag is then stuck over the cut area , ensuring sure that the hole is completely covered .
i took this as a challenge and produced a business card that was tucked beneath the band of my sarong skirt , somewhere in the area of my left pelvic bone .
as we speak , my goat is being gnawed by fleas , and in some very sensitive areas i might add .
being somewhat lower in some areas under the towel , and higher in others , the patch of cactus with the towel floating on top of it still did not remotely resemble a chaise lounge , unless you have been smoking weed , inhaling laughing gas and sucking on a straw inserted into a watermelon rigged with way too much vodka .
his hands slipped down my back and over my bottoman area of my body he just could nt get enough of , it seemed .
i moved to stand behind janet , using her for a shield ( even though her body covered an area only about the width of my spine ) , and then finally dared to peer over her shoulder .
her beige t - shirt , which had two holes near the bellybutton area , clung to her and highlighted what looked like two hersheys kisses stuck to her chest .
uh its probably typed in the upper right hand area .
well when i asked him if he wanted me to defend any specific area of his quickly burning palace all i got was insane laughter and declarations of power .
leaving the pubic area the only untrimmed part of his body .
the charms flew across the room and stuck to the forehead area of the shadow creatures like they were magnetically drawn to them .
the area around his eye is swelling a little .
the area he was rubbing is now dry and flaky .
rear shot - stoner steve sfx - zipper unzipping steve pulls something out of his crotch area .
more importantly , i was nt hurt and felt not a sliver of pain in areas where i would feel pain if he had okay .
he was still covered in the vital areas , but everything else was fully exposed .
the light dissipated , but my face was severely burnt along with several other areas of my body despite being protected by my armor .
the front of my shirt was soaked in blood , the stomach area gaping open thanks to a long vertical tear .
i bet ladies would also love to have this injected into them since they also have the capacity to burn down fats in certain areas of your bodies or increase in it helping you aim for the dream bod .
maybe if i persisted he would let me try on my rubrix to see how it would affect these men physically as i manipulate certain areas of their body .
this was an instructional approach in which the healer used the spoken word to go straight in through the ear to reach the thalamus and the neocortex in order to deliver a sudden therapeutic blow which would stimulate those areas of the brain most used in the process of imagination .
penelope had traded her suit for a cream color embroidered thong , and aquamarine tassels with sequins , which brushed her lower breast area insistently as she performed her go - go duty with fervour .
she let go of some tension in the chest area and gratified herself in the subsequent relaxing sensation of warmth .
` ` there s lotion in my cabin , parthena area , artemis room .
thoughts of penelope providing advice on how to heighten her own arousal entered her mind , and her stomach area simply relaxed with a pleasant burning sensation coming from her lower body .
` ` no , according to decadence , the rosebud is below your navel and goes through to the sacral area , its called the wheel of self , the center of your emotions , satisfaction and creativity , our very pleasure principle .
she could nt help lowering her eyes after a minute towards avalon lower navel area .
she looked at jennas back and noticed two small solid metal beads held by a string attached to a necklace on her waist , moving left and right below her sacrum area .
` ` yes , that s certain , but it might be what they call the cauldron itself , this area below the navel that serves as a sort of safe neutral energy repository for the body . ''
the shark , feeling free , from a radio signal that was beaming insistently into its head , dove right into its sleeping area .
then , as bluebeard rushed forward , marny ducked low and head - butted him in the golden area .
the wrist is less potent than the more sexually charged areas like the neck , anastasia said , her eyes going to the door .
lanai and flower wanted to go as well , and cynthia and taimi supported their idea , but clarity was firm with them , driving their attention towards cynthias bead and the possible connection with yet unexplored areas of pleasure .
one area of his anatomy covered left another body part exposed to their attack .
and you can just keep that roving eye of yours to yourself , coz with your shortcomings in the glutimous maximus area , you ll not only end up giving him a damn good laugh , you ll probably send him careering off back to kate , wherever she may be , and i wo nt get a look in .
you and the rest of them just do nt know what its like to be deformed in that area of the body where deformity matters most .
admittedly , he was still on his knees , trying to scramble up , when they reached him , and yes , marie kicked him in the groin area with pointed boots immediately on entering his sphere of personal space .
` ` this release and uptake of neurotransmitters ( chemicals ) is confined to an area where there are molecules in place to release chemicals , juxtaposed to an area on another cell where there are molecules in place to receive them .
` ` this release and uptake of neurotransmitters ( chemicals ) is confined to an area where there are molecules in place to release chemicals , juxtaposed to an area on another cell where there are molecules in place to receive them .
the discomfort had nt been immediately obvious , although showering that morning had required an extra deft touch of caution around the area in question .
even though he was nt in the least bit attracted to her , the image of her in bed with him popped up in his mind - all bones and angles , not enough rounded flesh to grasp , although the swelling under her blouse suggested that what flesh she had was concentrated in one area .
sometimes he was lucky as it hit low hanging pans but it seemed to have an instinct for soft and painful areas .
if you must know , kirk said lowering his voice considerably , i have a bit of a rash in my most sensitive areas .
and he stroked the area below his ears and around the sides of his neck .
chapter four ` ` the holy flower is the navel area , the chi - chung point , leading to the sea of chi point , slightly lower , and to the ovarian palace . ''
clarity stepped forward towards an area that montana was exploring , the backline of jenna , who was wearing a cream color broderie lingerie piece made of embroidered cotton and intricate patterns and eyelets , style 4789 , a one size fits well sleeveless mini dress , which barely hid the right parts of the woman , in order to arouse the imagination of the man or the woman looking at the woman wearing the item .
` ` there s no fabric where you re showing , i do see through , '' said flower , reaching for the area between the buttocks .
after another wipe that took in the area under his chin and the back of his neck , he turned almost directly toward charles and put his hat back on his head .
at 35 feet , a limb - free area on the trunk appeared where the stand could be attached , so i began to pull it up .
they started kissing again , her hand moving to the crotch area of his jeans .
while you are well within your rights to remove your towel before putting your pants on , you should confine yourself to that area until the task is complete .
the bite marks on my neck , head , shoulders , legs , feet , hands , back , tongue , kidneys , spleen , enlarged cysts , herniated dicks , canker sores and areas that no medical specialist had gone before ( or since ) , were healing .
i pull the knife out my belt and go to work on the vital organ areas with that .
this caused me some discomfort but it was the kind that gets worse over time , so when i was violently hitting myself in the groin area i was nt feeling the physical pain of anything other than the wasp sting .
in my defence , it was nt like if you hurt yourself normally , this pain got worse as time went on , even if you were nt dabbing the area with a tcp - soaked bit of cotton wool .
harold gently removed the handkerchief from her hands and rubbed the delicate area on her face with the ointment then set it aside .
on the front of his shirt , in the pocket area , she read cgstt .
to that very sensitive area that we males are endowed with ( this sound ca n't be translated directly , but it was something like , ` ` ow !
usually , some dark area of my brain would flash me images of something that sometimes seemed totally random , but would somehow make the puzzle pieces fit .
this is obvious by the bold display of pictures that are used to illustrate painting , art and sculptureone of the areas that needs correction is immodesty due to nakedness and posture .
only do this if you have good lower body strength ; otherwise , your legs may buckle and your balls will crush your friends balls , sending all four balls into your respective stomach areas .
botox fills their lips and their under - eye areas , and they probably have had some kind of work done to their chins .
she felt the hand of everglade pulling down her panties , feeling the area below her navel .
mandys hand was warm and the area she was examining was damp from a lack of attention which now added to several weeks .
panic set in as i scrubbed the infected area with my bar of zest , thinking maybe it was a water - based rash and just needed to be rinsed .
will 's eyes tried to focus on the area where he thought her head was , but were unable to positively identify the strangely effervescent entity .
they ll have this whole area stitched up .
upon release of the body for a closer examination by the coroner ; the battered condition particularly of the head area suggested the victim was blindsided or at least was impacted without warning with a heavy blunt object , probably the mattock .
comparison of dental records with the jaw of the deceased would be of no help due to the loss of the body and in any case would probably have been invalidated by the mutilated condition of the jaw area as observed at the site of the murder .
since the treatment for rabies in that era was 5 consecutive daily shots of medication in the stomach area what he had just injected in me bore no relationship to rabies treatment .
thus i always very cautiously guided the dog up and made certain that the rest of her body was not resting against any of bens body area .
the best for your legs , and your well , anywhere sensitive , where a razor kiss could potentially draw blood the best shaving cream for those areas is men 's shaving cream .
the evil arachnid crossed the air with its leg over the general area of where an upright man 's chest would be .
it was a while before he pinpointed the area of most intense pain -- his middle knuckle where an orange point of light glowed .
but that , however , was before ... dani : ... the cat had enacted his ` ` piece de resistance '' , the ' claws in ... mathew : ... extremely sensitive area ' maneuver .
if the potion touches anything sensitive in the crotch area , you ll produce more noise than sekumbah the rooster .
yes , really , and if you look up my skirt again ill have billie shoot you in a more sensitive area .
and he readied himself , placing his hands in front of his nipple area .
i once found a small pistol in the groin area of a guy in iraq .
when she checked his groin area , abelardo turned to her and winked .
she ran her hands over him intimately , kissing him in sensitive areas .
because the right temporal lobe is an area relating to emotional response and interpretation among other things , you may find yourself becoming somewhat irrational .
it had a base with two diagonal support struts , and a flattened area to place the head of the unfortunate victim , but that was as far as he had gotten , and it did n't look like anything much .
evan winces at the memory , and i must say that i get a slightly unpleasant sensation in that area myself .
roman picked up his retractors and pulled back the skin , clamping it to create a fairly large exposed area .
he grabbed one of the clamps from the ground and dug it inside , clamping over the offending area .
' temporal lobe epilepsy affects an area of the brain which has long been known to deal with religious experiences .
scientists have not detected a baseball area of the brain , but ball players all know it when they see it .
it had moved on to leg carvings , perhaps his favourite area of any table .
soft and tender knees led upward to dark thighs neither thick nor thin but an ideal curve that surrounded a soft area of olive - drab toweled mystery .
by the time i pulled up my shirt and convinced shipman to point the red flashlight at my navel , the widow had already worked her way down to my special area .
the spider sank her teeth into my special area .
in some areas , she seemed to have three rows of teeth .
i looked my neighbor over from top to bottom lingering on the rolls of flab that cascaded from above his ears , down below his chin , pouring over his belly and disseminating over the pubic area and around the thighs , and then i looked at mr . beezly , 90 % of whose body weight was blow dried fur , and i knelt down and said directly to the dog , someone has a bad case of dysmorphia .
i was still itching , but careful study revealed no new contusions and the pink areas where i had scratched seemed to be receding .
we were instructed on the methods of pain relief that were available as in gas and air and epidurals etcetera , etcetera with separate demonstrations taking place of each including something called a tens machine which when attached to your skin on the relevant areas gives out an electric pulse to help block the signals .
i look into the crib and notice that the head ( spookily without the eyes ) has been , placed in the wrong position as if it is growing out of the forearm instead of the neck area like it should be .
because i did not see , adam getting his private area cut to ribbons by a sadistic , scissor - welding midwife who was probably seeking revenge for a broken doll .
his faded jeans fit him to the tee , falling loosely overall , but just a bit tighter in all the right places ( like the butt and crotch areas , ahem ) .
if i remember well , he advocated hitting lightly but repeatedly certain areas of the skin , in order to obtain distinct results , depending only on the area chosen .
if i remember well , he advocated hitting lightly but repeatedly certain areas of the skin , in order to obtain distinct results , depending only on the area chosen .
slipping on a pair of sunglasses that covered the eye area of her face completely , abby followed her bosss light blue jumpsuit and blonde spikes as he dragged her along by the arm .
they had had great fun when he had helped her remove hair from the bikini area .
is it normal for the fingers of a person to administer such a high level of discomfort , even when the area the fingers are invading is numbed by an anaesthetic ?
sensitive area , i guess .
having noticed a mistake made by a young man standing in the first row , he corrected him courteously : the correct blow should be delivered with this part , he circled the area on the bones of the forefinger and middle finger .
it is the work of epiphysis which is located above the cerebellum in the epithalamus area of the thalamencephalon .
later it seemed to me that in the area of the nose tip appeared a dark distant contour of a purple tiny spot .
well , its a certain area of the skin with common innervation .
having concentrated once again , i started to imagine that i placed inside of myself , in the area of the solar plexus , a small white bean , immersing it into something soft and warm .
meanwhile , i again concentrated on the area of the solar plexus , focusing all of my attention on evoking warmth and a state of happiness .
she had feelings of happiness , internal delight , and light pressure in the area of her heart .
andrew tried every day to concentrate purposefully on the area of the solar plexus in order to achieve at least some kind of feeling by thinking about the lotus .
originally , in the lotus , kuandalini was a chakra located in the area of the solar plexus .
you feel tingling all over your body , in other words , you perceive this feeling in the area of the solar plexus , as if something beautiful , good emanates from you , or you are waiting for that .
you should have a feeling like this that you evoke artificially and permanently maintain in the area of the solar plexus .
it was nt wholly but only partially felt in the area of my shin and my foot .
however , she was told that the doctors later diagnosed a subluxation in the cervical area of her spinal cord with a hematoma .
an interesting feeling appeared , as if my consciousness went inside of me , went into my soul , and concentrated in the form of a point in the area of the solar plexus .
a feeling of light , pleasant pressure began spreading in the area of my solar plexus .
in other words , during the exhale , concentrate your attention and completely concentrate on this point of the belly , as if slightly straining it exactly in the area of hara .
when she said that i felt a sort of thump in my pubic area .
i ' m over in that general area .
his fingers pushed harder into her as he worked the same area over and over .
she stared into the microscope for a long time before she noticed the areas where the cancer cells were working their way through the duct walls .
i showed her that area where you tried to clean it , but she thought a professional could have done a better job .
she made a sort of fractious grinred and black intermittent short flashes in that mouth area .
by that i mean his auras sort of pinched up in the chest area as if he were gathering them all together to exhale fire , like a dragon .
the doctor used her pen to point to various areas of the x - rays .
apparently young , much younger than kevin , his skin , smooth and tanned , save for very white area on his bottom in the shape of a swimsuit .
nina proceeds to take the blood sample , cleaning the area with alcohol on a cotton ball , then inserting the needle gently at an acute angle .
maybe as the parasite grows , it puts pressure on some particular area of the brain .
it might be chemicals it releases , it might be pressure on certain areas of the brain .
pretty much all good things except bloody au jus and , gene swept his hand toward the general area where he thought he might have been staring , improved brain function .
when scottie fell off cookie and on to the ground , noah kicked him in the groin area .
i pointed to an area the spray paint had missed , where some orange plastic glowed , denoting the guns maker as toys r us .
the majority of its scaly skin was finely coated with hair , but matted and dark in areas of its torso and pelvis as well ; this detail seemed no more irregular than a male homo sapien .
i already experimented with areas on my body where i could ve concealed the piece .
the fitful awakening and irregular breathing reminded miles that his entire body was a cocoon of pain with occasional small areas of blossoming agony .
khalis could see he had several small , severely burned areas on him where the fiery goo had alighted , burning easily through both cloth and flesh alike .
after needle gunning , scraping and wire brushing all of the rusty areas out in the middle , it was time to paint them with the red primer .
the appearance of new children always coincided with my wife gaining then losing a great amount of weight around the belly area .
jackies legs and pubic area were covered with shaving cream .
its been documented that traumatized and neglected children display severe lesions affecting anywhere up to thirty percent of those areas of the brain that control their emotions .
the nurse was exposing a wide area of white , lightly haired skin , just above his mouth , and leonard instinctively went for it with all he had and bit as hard and as deeply as he could , teeth nearly meeting in the warm flesh of the nurses arm .
he placed the tray in her lap , she winced a little as it pressured her wound , and he quickly adjusted the tray to avoid that area .
i wanted to cover my belly , i felt cold lying exposed , the picture of my black and white shadowy baby had been frozen on the screen , focused on the head area where the doctor marked out two tiny transparent areas on either side of the brain .
i wanted to cover my belly , i felt cold lying exposed , the picture of my black and white shadowy baby had been frozen on the screen , focused on the head area where the doctor marked out two tiny transparent areas on either side of the brain .
whatever it was , the coordination of speaking and controlling the squeezes must have been difficult , as doing both simultaneously required the cooperation of two completely different areas of the brain .
the old woman commanded them in an admonishing tone as she carefully stepped down the ladder of the tall chair and picked up a bowl containing the gurus semen and went around to each woman , touching them in sensitive areas , sometimes kissing them sensuously for the purposes of collecting from them vaginal fluid that was necessary to the composition of what was referred to as the divine nectar .
however , with a limited scientific knowledge and the inability to synthesize the substance effectively , he had to settle for something close enough and ended up developing a substance that targeted the same areas of the nervous system , albeit with inevitable and sometimes catastrophic side - effects .
a trick of light makes it look as if there is a dark area on the side of my breast beneath my arm pit .
i lift my arm over my head and palpate the area like the gynecologist does during my annual pap smear .
and for all the foreign boys hurt and desire to hurt the throw was weak and inaccurate and its target the local boy saw the foreign boy taking aim and throwing badly and knew the projectile would hit him in the chest , an area of comparative invulnerability , and so the local boy stuck out his chest and grinned at the foreign artillerist in anticipatory triumph and just as the local boy was yelling to the foreign boy that the he the foreign boy was an irrepressible cunt he was hit in the chest by the large rock and his cunt was knocked off his lips and the local boy grabbed his chest and fell over .
grendel jumped onto the recliner , parking his clawed hind feet in the area of chriss genitals .
over there , humphrey points , pointing his finger to an area the floor near the wall .
mrs . gentry responded by kneading the area between the scapulae and at the back of the neck .
a caress , the plane of someones fingers , sliding between her legs , against her private area , before quickly retracting .
a red spot was now in the area that she had touched .
smiling to himself he applied the soap to the offending areas .
opposite page to show an illustration of the man v the shaman , the man 's hands would be shown with although the man was unable to take hold of the shaman he held his hands around the area of the shaman 's throat , slowly forcing him to the floor .
off he hobbled looking frantically around , keeping his back to the wall for fear of receiving another wound to the same area .
the man in front of him had a totally bald patch on the back of his head , long unkempt hair straggled over the bald patch as though the man had made some half - hearted attempt to hide the offending area .
the huge fangs bore down upon his throat and only the fact that he was able to get the thin leather shield to cover that vulnerable area saved his life .
@ she rose from her seated position and floated across to the window , in the deep recess in the wall into which the window was embedded she placed her hand over a certain area .
after hastily consulting a typewritten instruction sheet left behind by the previous medics , colling told him to shave his pubic hair and liberally apply ddt powder to his groin area .
rosehip oil adds vitamin c to the area , restoring collagen and reminding the skin to repair itself .
his lips wandered to the sensitive area beneath her ear .
she turned his arm , gauging the area with the guides and tube insertions .
it was a charcoal nude done in typical art - school style , arms behind the head , legs drawn up so the knees obscured the pubic area .
the damage to her abdominal area was too extensive for her to carry and deliver a child .
she hit me in the kidney area with her free hand , but smiled .
i nodded as i tried to move our hands down to touch the more intimate areas of her new body .
it meant that thoughts on spurious issues would randomly occur and i had developed the habit of carrying my notebook and pencil , to record them on the spot , else they would seep back into the inner areas of memory .
eventually the memory starts to self organize and special areas are reserved for memory and for transmission of memory .
this was too much like studying for an exam which is in effect an exercise of labeling order onto memory and being able to tap into this discrete ordered area of the mind to pull out structured data .
after five hours of toil , i was craving the end of the day to be rid of the chaffing shoulder straps and the warm wet area where the backpack contacted the skin of my back .
because of the expansion there s more lung area exposed to oxygen .
i applied antiseptic to the area above the internal jugular vein .
there were certain areas where i was deficient .
in disease states , blood passing through collapsed non aerated areas of the lung , will not pick up any oxygen .
this volume of blood , joins up with oxygenated blood from healthy areas of lung and is pumped by the heart out into the body .
by applying this baseline positive pressure termed peep throughout the breathing cycle , collapsed areas of lung are expanded , thereby improving the total area of aerated lung tissue exposed to blood .
a familiar warm wet area was developing where the backpack rode against my shirt .
by the time he started having pains in his abdominal area and admitted it to her mom there was little hope that much could be done .
though , the vast areas of human brain and its overall functioning are still to be understood , still , it can be safely accepted ; human mind basically operates through images that it gathers through the most potent of human sensory faculty called eyes .
clarke stood 5 - 7 , with a pot belly and a graying beard that came in so sparsely he had to grow it extra long to cover the thinner areas .
the warmth i once again felt in the area of my stomach and below drew me toward her like a powerful force until i came so close that i could see every minuscule pore on her face , every infinitesimal speck and blood vessel .
having to spend hours on end staring at the monitors , it was the advisors duty to study the immediate surroundings of their subjects , but also to peek into the most intimate areas of their lives .
the small area of white that showed between the ears ran back to a wide white sash that ran fully around its body .
the owner was first up , with his hands almost indecently placed in areas on the beauty queens , which would have resulted in a slapped face in other circumstances .
as she lathered up with a bar of old english soap , her palms marked the areas she wished mikey was able to caress .
freaky deaky was also bare to the waist and wore the scream mask as well , but the difference between him and his crew was that he wore bare feet and had tattoos covering half the exposed area of his body .
the move to the future means moving to new neural areas , time bringing us nothing but keys and access codes .
this was not an unusual phenomenon , of course , but he found it interesting that these fearful , yet sorrowful recollections recurred as infrequently as memories of former loves he had known : loves which themselves had been special to him in their own time , but which were nowhowever blissful or tragic or lustfulconfined to frozen areas of his soul , where they might be preserved eternally and only thawed with the heat of focused introspection .
elastic girdles because they held this area still and protected it from buffing or rubbing , which simulated sex , were correct garments to wear under slacks ; skirts by not touching the inner thigh were less sexual , although you would think the access easier .
i can lay a solid oak threshold over the damaged area .
his assistant , a zuftig blonde on the front side of middle age , spread a cold gel on his lower back ; a moment later , she was massaging the area with an electronic device that made his skin tingle .
with quick movements , she stretched it out against various areas of joey 's body , taking rapid notes on a notebook that lay at her feet .
wiping his mouth , he sank to the ground , squeezing the area between his eyes in efforts to get his mind to shut up .
the admin monitored the billions of simultaneous code interactions among the various users , pleased that each of the users code areas functioned as designed , each heap space neatly performing within the system - imposed constraints with no memory or execution leakage between the individual users .
the wound is in the area above the thick curve of one of his eyebrows , but the streaming blood makes it hard to determine the extent of the damage .
he bought sunglasses that covered his eyes and the areas around them completely , applying duct tape over the complete surface of them ; wearing them always , except when he washed his facebut , as he did that , he kept his eyes shut hard .
tears bubbled in his eyes as the nurse cleaned the injection area with her wet wipe .
my face appeared hollow and emotionless , the area where my eyes should be completely shadowed out .
james pulled up his left sleeve and looked at his skin , and saw the same dark spot in the same area .
but , pray tell , professor , said the virtuous isabella , her voice rising and growing excited and despite herself feeling warm in that unmentionable area , what does jonesie do , ravish fair maidens ?
his hand made the trip down then with his hard - at - work fingers to pluck a time or two at the shoulders area .
he decided on one area in the lake to hit .
the ball stopped inches from an area he more preferred .
it hung an inch or so above the shoulder area .
i called my home answering machine and a voice that sent tingles to areas which did nt normally tingle at the office said , ` ` is this damned day ever gon na be over ?
sterling is an expert on the grfenberg spot , often called the g spot , the bean - shaped area located one to three inches up the front vaginal wall between the vaginal opening and the urethra .
even with practice tests in his weak areas , he would not likely increase that score more than .35 - .58 standard deviations , at the most slightly more than one scaled point , thus 141 .
here is an extract of the decision of the administrative law judge , who ruled in favor of mr . bullard : petitioners conviction for indecent exposure in 1990 resulted from an incident in which petitioner pulled into a parking lot to investigate extreme pain in his groin area and was unknowingly observed by a woman walking through the parking lot .
on december 20 , 1989 , while petitioner was driving to a business meeting in raleigh , he experienced severe pain in his groin area .
thus , i have chosen to go downtown to clog my mind in grandeur and opulence , for there are areas of the human psyche that no anodyne of drugs and alcohol can penetrate .
in 1916 , he was wounded in either the groin area or the left thigh during the battle of the somme , but returned to the front in march 1917 .
but now with neuroscience entering the picture they will probably be able to find every murder , rapist and robber to have some excesses or reductions in neurotransmitters in some part of the brain or to have a cyst in an area that might cause some irrational action .
` ` probably the toys that are most fun are in the genital area and contraception may not fit into your ' pleasure now ' mentality .
and you did nt just have your handsshe gestured at the area in questionthere , you were all over me !
the most revealing areas were covered by one of aris old sweatshirts .
it was a touch of genius of that absurd marsupial to direct the worst of the crisis into an area utterly incapable of coping with it .
she traced his hidden features with her fingertips and kissed the general area of his lips .
the affected area was roughly the same as a batter 's strike zone , from the knees to the shoulders , along the spine , down in his stomach and within the chest .
i developed early in all areas .
the process involved an index finger and a thumb , but her gut was the area of her body that experienced the most sensation on this day .
there was a distinct throbbing in the area of my prostatei feared cancer , or some formerly unknown pullet disease .
pierce began to rub himself dry , his back to pip , as he rubbed himself down from head to feet before finishing by rubbing the area under his arms dry .
pierces body was a contrast between the brown of his suntan and the paler , unexposed areas of his skin .
regions of the brain controlled this and than function , the left and right sides and their different focus areas .
because that area is still a little painful for me , lacy said , her eyes darting around the room , looking for escape .
the kid with the twenty - two had hit me twice in the knee area and again in the shoulder .
` ` in this case the footprint , owing to specific areas of wear , was as unique a piece of evidence as a fingerprint , '' ` ` even better in this case , because we also have the shoes that were used to make the distinctive prints , '' janet added , holding them aloft .
he could recognize small areas but none of it seemed to fit together yet ... the anticipation was pushing him like a steam roller ... not to fast as speed goes , but steady and threatening ... looming behind him ... the thought that he was getting close to some answers , close to finding the string that would untangle this ball of twine , was beginning to come to the front of his mind ... ... look , what i have been doing is beyond improper ethics , its criminal ...
i hissed and fell off of the couch , my hands automatically covering said area protectively as phantom pain washed over me .
to prepare myself for the meeting , i donned my sling and combed my hair to de - emphasize the shaved areas of my skull .
dispensing with the aids she ran to massage the cramped area commenting , ` ` i wish i was megan at this moment ! ''
he concentrated for a moment on the area just above , and between his eyes , allowing for the thickness of the skull , and ' called ' the golden liquid to come to his flask .
instead it drains into the sinus sagittalis superior and that area of the cerebrum is unusually well supplied with blood vessels .
i have a small leakage problemin several hundred areas . ''
they were propped up after death for the blood to pool in the lower areas .
instead it pools to the lowest areas of the body , gravity winning a battle the circulatory system had fought for many years .
a cut to one of the lowest areas will bleed , but not like a wound on a living person .
a cut from an upper area , like the neck , would leave almost no blood .
even the uninjured areas burn hotter than stoked coals .
she also received several blows to the chest , legs , back , and vaginal area .
another ring of feathers rested around her hip hanging just low enough to cover strategic areas .
she pointed to an area on the screen .
good , we are studying the circuitry now and might want to selectively cut the power to certain areas when the time is right .
lets kick ass coach cut the electricity to the gym and areas where they knew there were explosives .
her tongue darted in and out of adams opened mouth with yearning hunger as her sensually explored the most sensitive areas of his body with reckless abandonment .
he pulled the white sheet down to the chest area of the deceased .
he wiped the condensation away more then once , lifting the thin frames then patting a small handkerchief on the drenched areas just below his baggy eye sockets .
she began to kneed giselles neck and shoulder area in a back and forth rolling motion .
looking behind , she screamed when she saw the area around the bathroom door knob had disintegrated .
as she rubbed at one corner of the area , the cheap white over - coat came away , revealing a scene underneath .
lisa took a clean swab and ran it over the area sam indicated , then placed the swab into one of the little envelopes .
you also have brittle cracked nails and dry skin around the knuckle areas of your fingers leading me to believe that you do a lot of dishwashing .
i had thought that the black was pretty good at keeping me in my place but there were a few areas that he missed and mary took care of them .
gresham indicated an area with the tip of a pencil .
add that to the twenty - five degree turn of the body , and you re looking for the bullet in a completely different area .
i m moving into the chest area and i see his wet suit has a couple of punctures on the left side .
two small puncture wounds matched the areas of the chest where the holes in the wet suit were found .
he could also manipulate the digitized images to accentuate areas of interest , sharpen and enlarge details at will .
as the examination centered on the victims facial area , nick felt light - headed , hung his head , and stared at the rectangular tile at his feet .
conners finger traced a dented area on its left side .
he was in obvious pain around the chest area , but said nothing , just prodded with the gun .
even without the shaved and stitched area to the right and rear of his head , his hair was savage .
the line of black stitches contrasted with the whiteness of the shaved area on his scalp .
she stroked the side of lindas head , careful to avoid the swollen area .
her pelvic area was shaved into the shape of a small heart .
i saw another shaved area next to gavins neck .
one area at the neck of the rectal canal which had been bleeding had almost completely coagulated by the time the second attack was made . '
although lambourne had planned to delay exploring the dreams until the second session - one area of the dreams might be worth exploring now .
an area of stains that was weaker and pinker than other areas .
an area of stains that was weaker and pinker than other areas .
at the same time a mist wreathed around the area of their minds lit by the yellow glow .
just a second sir , i m hearing that we ve pulled out more stuff from the same area as the bones .
he had been told that preventing air from getting to the affected area as soon as possible was important in reducing scarring of the skin .
his shoulder was also improving but a large area of his upper arm had been grotesquely altered to look like a topographical snow scene .
the vest had bitten deeply and twisted most of the flesh , but left what looked like footprints of small unaffected areas .
ardens breath literally froze in her chest as she stared , enthralled , at the sight of his tanned , work - roughened hands stroking one of the few areas on her body shed ever considered delicate , feminine .
nicholas , kayla when you feel their touch change from cold to the heat passing through you in the infected area , tell them , so that they can get ready to release the hold .
i pierce my lips as the solution burns against the open skin before feeling bandages being placed over the areas .
i approach slowly and can see that not only are there several lashes , but one side of her neck and clavicle area is torn to shreds .
he picked up the towel and dried his groin area .
bruce sniffed the area between his thumb and index finger on each hand .
she positioned the demagnetizer behind bruces head and adjusted its nozzle so that it snuggly enveloped the targeted area on his neck .
you ve got a mess under your bed , so your feng shui love area is all messed up .
by the time he hit 2000 , the white areas were tiny compared to the other colors .
i stared at the wounded area , then pulled up my towel to check for more bruising .
the lock area was shattered .
bart smiled at them for a moment and tapped the area over his heart with his hand to demonstrate that he was touched .
blow after blow found its way into alexanders gut , among other areas of his torso .
shirt torn in chest area and sleeves , snaps not buttons , top two snaps undone , shirt untucked in front , but tucked in back .
a joint is the area where two bones meet providing a swing motion to the human body .
the area around his eyes was black , but the wounds he had sustained were already starting to close up .
it left his face mostly intact except the area around his left eye .
she also felt for growths or tender areas .
she shut her eyes tight , her eyebrows lowered but the area above her eyebrows folded .
panicked , she ran the loofah over her body and focused of the area most defiled .
not to mention the other areas i did nt know that even possessed muscles .
he held her hand close and blew on the exposed area .
i guess those are the weak areas on a moose or something , and they re programmed to start there .
the effect of blackflies is of a cloud of tiny black dots in front of your face , and bugs crawling into your neck and wrist areas and biting .
these have only a couple of centimeters of sponge , and the shorter ones are just long enough for the area between your shoulders and your hips .
but i shifted sideways in case she decided to boot one of my tenderer areas .
he expressed his own stupidity by hitting the area between his forehead and top of the head with the open palm of his right hand .
certain areas of the body , particularly the neck and skull , are surprisingly fragile , and a well - placed blow can kill a man before he knows you re there , brady thought , but mercifully reyes was already answering : bits of the third victims ribcage were embedded in the wall behind her .
so what s in your yellow area ?
there are four areas of psychic senses : feeling , intuition , hearing , and vision .
still , i set the glass down , closed my eyes , and touched both index fingers to the clairaudience area just above my ears .
the me swabbed the mouth , vagina and surrounding areas .
through the day , the magnificent stone work of the house covered in areas with rich climbing foliage gave casual coolness , comfort and welcome .
his palm pressed down on an area of bruising that was still tender .
my whole body ached , but especially a certain area underneath bandages and tape that i could nt see .
some blood had run slowly from this area , covering what remained of his face and congealing quickly .
gretchen reached for a hair dryer hanging from a peg over the bench , turned it on , and blew hot air on the area until the wax surrounding the worn nose became malleable .
its the area external to the brain , below the inner layer of the dura .
i sent a bolt into the dark area of his brain , turning all his excruciating childhood memories on at once , paralyzing him .
using the sleeve of my coat , i vigorously wipe the interior door handle , then the fridge door , then all other areas corrupted by my touch .
the man mouthed something in a different language to the other man , i wish i had taken those fbi quick language classes ; heshifted his weight in hopes of alleviating some of the pain coming from his wrist and hand area .
he yelped when it hit him high in the chest area , spinning him around to face me .
i ran my right hand over those areas .
the clinic had treated my wounds , leaving me with bandages covering large areas of my body and face .
charlie felt an almost painful jolt that seemed to emanate from somewhere in the area of his groin , and after a second he recognized it as an autonomic lust response .
he plundered the sensitive area until shivers raced over her skin .
there was a stain spreading through the grass and dirt in the head area .
i felt a warning bell go off in the ` ` better sense '' area of my brain .
but as i 'd left the community center , i 'd seen the police officers examining the area where arthur had been stabbed .
she shifted her weight , loosening up her leg muscles , and felt the crack in the top of her base give so she spread her feet on each side of the center to keep from damaging the area further .
they cut up over here '' -she pointed to the shoul- ders- '' and there 's no tan near the abdomen - the area is totally pale .
the e - spyright site was bookmarked in her favorites area .
neil cordova 's eyes had been on the victim 's neck area .
his grip was light , but these were pressure - point - sensitive areas .
he dug the knuckles of his index fingers into both sides of richardson 's head , up and into the ear cavity under the cartilage , an area known as triple warmer 17 .
there was still a small bulge in the area , but no more so than if she were wearing a boot .
at the base of the throat , right above the thoracic cage , sits a hollowed area where the trachea is n't protected .
the bleeding was so minor and located in an area that should n't have affected anything else at all .
he pulled down the powerful magnifying glass hanging overhead and focused on the exposed area .
you were shot in the head , but the bullet did not , i believe , injure any vital areas .
he could not see anything remarkable , but he did observe that there was a barely visible darker area immediately adjacent to the bullet hole .
there 's a darker area here , as you can see right next to her gunshot wound .
harvey probed the liver area .
her leg throbbed as though her heart had dropped down into the area above her ankle .
once inside , he tugged hard at the blade in order to release it from the throat area .
he tried to wipe his cheek on his shoulder , but his wet shirt just added more perspiration to the area .
mentally reviewing how i 'd changed the althaus baby , i opened the pull tabs on the old diaper , lifted jane by the legs , removed the soiled diaper , pulled a wipe from the box on the end of the changing table , cleaned the pertinent areas , and pushed the new diaper under jane .
i made an awkward swing , and was very close to the wound area as carrie had described it to me .
my vaginal area was at best badly bruised ; at worst , i had internal rips .
there 'd been no semen in deedra 's body , no contusions or bruises in the genital area , only indications that she had sex at some time before she died .
on an area the size of a book below his navel .
he could see bruises and a swollen area on the giant 's face .
but the skin in that area had become too stretched out from past surgical abuse .
but the real key -what i want to show you down here - is in the pelvis area , more specifically , the pelvic cavity . ''
she put her fists at her side , somewhere in the area of her hips .
i take the soap and lather them into a loofa and wash across his lean torso , down his abs ... umm ... skipping that area ... and to his thighs and legs .
another change from the last time - his lower area seems to be way more prominent .
it does n't help that his frontal area is now grinding up against my ass .
i grab a razor , focusing on my prickly calves rather than his ... area .
now i ' m pretty positive there 's too much testosterone pumping in this area .
a few drawers later , i find the miscellaneous area .
i did n't expect him to walk over , toothbrush still hanging out of his mouth , and press his fingers to the swollen area .
he was attentive to her pain , rubbing the area again , while his right hand traveled between her legs .
she cried as he massaged the area .
my white bikini is strategically placed over the important areas ; my hair is styled in big , beachy curls .
` ` mmmmm , '' he hummed , his lips slightly touching her most private area and vibrating them with the shivers of his lips .
shannon gasped as julian bent down and pressed his mouth over her most sensitive area .
that would give her plenty of time to take care of her hair and eyebrows and ... other areas , and do some shopping and beg her parents to watch the kids .
though there were some areas that clearly needed repairs , it was n't a bad house .
` ` you 're in the right area , but you 're missing the real junk , '' he told .
the waxing scared me for a couple of reasons ~ first , i had read about how painful it was and i knew that my threshold for pain was at like a -2 on a scale of 1 to 10 ; and second , i could n't believe that i was going to allow a complete stranger to not only look at , but touch my private area .
when he reached my already slick folds , he did n't hesitate to extend the treatment to my most private of areas .
i knew that mason felt the same overwhelming need to be inside of me because after gently kissing the sensitive area he had bitten , he wasted no time in yanking my t - shirt over my head .
the warmth of his mouth anywhere on my body was amazing , but when he found the sensitive areas it made it even more incredible .
i took extra effort in shimmying out of them , then stood there while his heated gaze warmed my body and made it tingle in all the right areas .
knowing his mouth was that close to other areas made me greedy .
did what he does best , and got a general area that bitch took my boy .
heat spread from the area between my legs , and this time it was me who made a noise that had yet to be named .
` ` yes , it is , '' he whispered , kissing the area below my ear .
` ` please , '' i said , pressing my pelvic area against him .
for her pleasure too , because already she could feel the increase of blood flow to the constricted area .
he absently rubbed the area in question .
she 'd proved them wrong , but certain areas were never going to recover .
` ` i had to shave certain personal areas , '' i said .
i was too flustered and freaked out to appreciate that he kept his eyes on my face and not on other areas .
zan moved , trying to slide himself out from under me and i was pressed against all sorts of areas i 'd never been pressed against .
it took me a second to get my legs to work so i could get back to the couch and it was a relief to sit down , even though sitting next to stryker made me really uncomfortable in certain areas .
i swallowed hard , and felt the blood rush out of my brain to pool in other areas of my body .
i do the mental math while scrubbing my body , making sure to be gentle with the tender areas .
chuckling , ryan met his eyes as he numbed the area and began to patch the injury .
her body tightened fractionally as she moved across the soft area , one digit slipping in and out teasingly .
brennan had soaked down the bar , so she did n't have to touch his area .
he moved the flames to the area , uh ... just above my ... '' devon pointed down to her nether region .
when we finished eating , he took his thumb and gently stroked the area above my cut , ` ` does it hurt ? ''
my breathing started to increase as he lightly rubbed the area that was now pulsating for him .
my back was pushed against the door as he went down and joyfully licked my aching area .
his tongue ran circles around my swollen area forcing me to release my pleasure to him .
he quickly placed his mouth where his fingers had been , sucking lightly and licking every sensitive area .
i walked over to her and asked her what happened as i gently stroked the area above her cut .
when we finished , i could n't help but stare at her and gently stroke the area above her cut .
i quickly placed my mouth where my fingers had been , sucking lightly and licking every sensitive area .
are you from the austin area , or ... '' i trailed off and glanced over to see him sucking on the damn lip ring again .
slowly , he pulled his fingers out of me and let them trail back against me ; a whimper sounded in my throat when they ran across my overly sensitive area .
` ` ty , please- '' i groaned when his fingers trailed against my most sensitive area and i cursed myself for feeling any type of pleasure while my body and mind were obviously sickened at the idea of allowing this to continue .
her lips and the surrounding area were blue , as were the tips of her fingers .
i grabbed her chin and brought her face up , cringing when i saw how blue her mouth and the surrounding area still were .
i bite down on my bottom lip , press the fingers of my free hand around the back of this hard thigh to get a better grip around the area and then i sink the knife in deeper .
the area around the outside of my right eye is yellowed by a bruise .
the same general area where i removed his bullet .
i clean the knife wound with peroxide and cover the area all around it with iodine .
i thread the last stitch and clean the area again with alcohol , only glancing away from her long enough to make sure of my technique .
i wince and my hands come up to put pressure on the area , but victor takes my hands and guides me back down .
` ` yes , of course , '' i say and my skin reacts to his lips kissing the area just above my pelvic bone .
the air feels incredibly humid , the back of my shirt and the area between my br**sts and underneath my armpits , soaked to the point that when the strange breeze hits me , it chills me to the bone .
my fingers graze the tender area , and i smile .
his fingers dance so skillfully along the tender areas .
his hand settled on my knee , his fingers curving until they tickled at the sensitive area at the back .
i squeezed a little bit of water at the area where her skin met the lining of her coat , and started gently pulling it back .
she cleaned the area around the wound first , and then started dabbing at the cut just along my hairline .
all the feeling in my body was concentrated on the area where our bodies intersected , so that the rest of me felt weak and lifeless by comparison .
i forced myself to close my eyes because i seemed incapable of looking away from his general navel area .
he kept to the ` ` safe '' areas : my arms , my back , my hips .
after a minute of that , i wanted him touching me in the not - so - safe areas .
his gaze lingered so long over certain areas , i almost started squirming .
his touch had a confidence and strength that made the whole area south of my navel tighten even more .
apply directly to the groin area , and that might help with the level of blue your balls are going to get if you consider stopping your johnson mid - game . ''
i motioned in the general area .
she grabbed the ointment again and dotted it on a few other areas on my face .
josie glanced at the island then at the area just below my belt buckle .
she might have been in a dress , but fingers skimming the area just south of the navel packs a powerful punch even through clothing .
even thinking about colt mason 's hands running down the same areas mine just had or about his ... inside of her ...
i fantasized about running my hands across his chest and down to his forbidden area ...
his mouth moved swiftly over my swollen , wet area that so desperately throbbed for him , and he moved his tongue in small circles around my clit .
he softly kissed the sensitive area as he smiled ; then his lips made their way back to my mine .
keeping my finger wrapped around his base , my tongue licked its way up to his head , circling around the wet , smooth area before my lips wrapped themselves around the tip , sending him into a near convulsion .
my heart squeezed so hard in my chest i actually had to rub the area with the palm of my hand to relieve the pressure .
i immediately grab his shoulders and lift myself up , pressing my lips to the area directly over his heart .
a soft moan and a shift in just the right area woke me from the dream to reality .
` ` i 'll have to take these sweats off in order to show you , because when i was talking about how you tasted i had a specific area in mind . ''
she 's changed a lot , put on some weight in the chest area , and her hair used to be light brown , not bleached blonde .
it 's in the right area , just above the vein below the bottom of her hand .
` ` it 's just a video about me , '' i say , shivering when his finger grazes a sensitive area on my arm .
he pointed at areas on the x - rays as jack tensed beside me .
the flicks of his tongue caused my frenzy to build as he moved from one area to another .
no one can go six weeks without washing an area of their body and have it smell like roses , '' he explained .
so did my dick , a tiny dot of pr**um forming on the tip , my a**hole tingling as all the muscles in that area prepared to deploy , body nearly groaning for release .
she gestured to the crotch area .
apparently , there 's a spectrum of acceptable items to have shoved in one 's genital area , and in my spectrum , the storm trooper butt plug was worse than my smartphone .
he removed tantalization to other areas to isolate her response to that specific spot and caressed his thumb across the sweet pucker .
the area between his thighs throbbed , every inch engorged with too much blood .
but her hand moved back up those sensitive areas along the inside of his cheek , her slick fingers creating sensations that did n't just ease him skyward , they catapulted him there .
her fingers continued to spend more time around the most sensitive , tightest area , and his body did n't know whether to open or pucker .
i move the light over her and it 's kind of like a paintbrush , highlighting the areas i want and leaving the rest in darkness .
` ` single women are supposed to kiss his bronzed face , place a flower in his upturned hat , and then proceed to fondle him in his most private of areas . ''
it looks soft and springy , and it is , when i rub that area with my thumb .
he slid two fingers in me as his tongue continued to work against my most sensitive area .
he 's got a lot of swagger in the movement of his hips , yet his shoulders bend in and his whole stomach area looks stiff , as if walking causes him pain .
he fiddles with a frayed area on the knee of his jeans .
her free hand begins to seek the same area when ethan and lila appear in the doorway .
he does this weird thrusting thing with his h*ps that causes all my attention to center on his manly area .
his hands rove my body , carefully moving over areas that no one is supposed to touch .
he was wearing black pants that were flatteringly tight in the crotch area , bad - ass boots , and a battlestar gallactica tee that would have looked geeky on anyone else but only made his wide chest and thick biceps more noticeable .
his teeth went for my neck , nibbling softly from ear to shoulder while he slipped one of his hands slowly down my side and over my flat stomach until he was teasing the area underneath my thong .
a layer of thin black lace covered the open areas , making it seem a more subdued dress at first glance , until you looked up close .
` ` you should probably still keep the area around the leg loose .
she was curved in all the right places , places that felt like home to me , like the area underneath her ass where it melted into her thighs , or where her full br**sts swooped up into her soft arms .
the only thing that gave me a hint right away was the fact that he had a bandage across his temple , the area red and raised .
` ` got a weird l - shaped scar on my inner thigh , '' he goes on and points to the general area .
` ` i saw it was for that general area and i tossed it in the basket . ''
` ` i 'll be very gentle , '' he says and my breath catches when his very wet tongue licks me once slowly , his fingers still holding me apart but without putting any pressure on the area .
then i pull away just a little and take his hand , sliding it to my tattoo , toward the area that extends over onto my belly .
after perusing the document , samantha signed her name with a flourish in the required areas .
blood - covered saliva covered the area where i continued spitting .
i draw across her hip , but i keep blankets bunched on the area where i ' m not working .
his fingertips tickle across my skin , very lightly outlining the area where maggie has been immortalized .
it makes the area of the tattoo sting a little , but there 's no way i ' m going to pull back .
` ` you will be feverish and sore in the injected areas but tylenol should help you there .
while he rinsed , i rubbed every area of his chest and abdomen with the soap , the bubbles trailing down his body suggestively .
my fingers started drifting a bit from the wounded area and he chuckled quietly .
he let out a soft groan in my ear as my fingers traveled down the most sensitive , private area of him .
i took down her hair , stroked it , and even bent down to kiss her face when frankie took the needle off for brief breaks while she switched ink , or wiped the area .
every time an article of my clothing came off he would spend a moment exploring the revealed area with hands and mouth , then he would kiss me again .
` ` i ' m going to numb the area .
then i am going to have to shave the area around the wound and clean it up before i start on the stiches . ''
instead my eyes lingered until i felt heat wind up my body , tightening around an area south of my navel .
his eyes were on me again , staring at the area just south of my belly button .
he was on his side , propped up on his elbow and still nak*d . or at least i guessed he was - his sheet covered the area south of his navel .
there were more red , open areas than tan skin .
my eyes traveled unbidden down to the area of his body that i 'd just given special attention to .
the area just above my elbows got the same treatment .
the way it tied gave the top a surprising amount of support in the bust area , and the silk was soft against my skin .
i felt myself licking my lips a lot , as i studied that area of his body .
he massaged up to my neck , rubbing on that sensitive area for long minutes , working over to my shoulders , taking his time , rubbing until each of my muscles had been loosened thoroughly by his strong hands .
he washed and dried the area around my n**ples with a clinical thoroughness .
he pressed a cloth very gently to the newly pierced area before striding away .
after she 'd worked on the area for just a few minutes , it all became one sort of throbbing sting , and by the end , i even liked the feeling .
she spread gel on the area and covered it with a small plastic film .
your forehead and the back of your head , when they come into contact with susceptible areas on your assailant , can leave him seeing stars . ''
i let myself cry , pressing my cheek to his chest , away from the tender area where he was wounded , and eventually fall asleep , held close by hunter 's arms , contented , confused , awash with physical pleasure and emotional pain .
the muscles that were clamping inside josie may have been in the same area as laura 's , but they were producing a noticeably different sensorial effect .
his fingers manipulated the sensitive area between my legs while pinching my nipple with his other hand .
i could not stay still as he caressed my sensitive area , gradually increasing the pressure .
he stumbled back and raised a hand to the assaulted area .
the damp area was much darker than the rest of his pants .
he instantly rubbed his hand soothingly over the area , but he did n't release her .
yep , she really needed it too , a smearing of pink gloss covered the areas around her lips from her extra - curricular sucking face activates .
placing feather light kisses on my most sensitive areas .
starting at my toes then slowly going up my legs , pausing a bit longer on my more intimate areas , before resting back on my eyes .
i ' m about to hit my sexual prime , so i ' m not totally dead in the desire area . ''
she said , ` ` after a light preparation of the area , you 'll want to cup your hands like this .
he slowed down and massaged the area , running his thick fingertips up and down between my cheeks and across the lining of my panties , where i was getting wet with excitement .
i moaned and adjusted my posture so he had easier access to the area between my legs .
i glanced over at the bed , the area between my legs already aching for him .
my whole area , from my cl*t to my butt was tingling , alive , and my pu**y was so full and wonderfully stretched .
i licked my lips as the blood rushed to my own crotch area .
i rubbed harder with my fingers , but the area was going numb , because my mind was distracted .
he rubbed around the area , relaxing it as he probed with one finger .
as i adjusted my seat , i noticed i was already feeling a little sore in the vaginal area .
my hands dove down , between my legs , over my panties , and i dragged my fingertip over that sensitive area .
since the party at laura 's house , i had n't kept up the full brazilian waxing , so my hair was coming in , but fine , and i enjoyed the innocent look of that area .
my hands roamed around , helping at times with the shaft in my mouth , then stroking his muscular legs and reaching between his legs to fondle that other mysterious area , the balls .
it did n't feel at all like i 'd imagined , all those times i 'd humped pillows and other things , but as soon as i stopped thinking , stopped worrying , a tingling sensation enveloped the whole area .
she flashed a large silver needle and applied topical freezing to the area , then quickly stitched the wound .
i reached over and squeezed the area around his navel .
i dove under the covers , head - first , and began to kiss the area .
nick tapped his own head in the area where jd was bandaged .
i grunted , but did n't cry out , even when he hit the sensitive area at the backs of my thighs .
my ass , the area just below it , and between my legs were black and blue .
` ` you 're bossy for a guy tied to a bed , '' i noted , doing it flippantly and miraculously , considering i felt the area between my legs become drenched just with the idea of taking his ass .
at the rumbling , masculine sound , the area between my legs got wet .
then he slid out of me , the area between my legs pulsing magnificently as he did .
the area between my legs contracted so powerfully , it was almost like a mini - orgasm .
but as sharp as the sting was , the pain was fleeting and since he did n't cover the same area repeatedly , it stayed fleeting .
he clipped and my eyes opened halfway to see his were fiery and i was already hot but seeing his beautiful eyes looking pissed at the same time very turned on , another flood of wet saturated the area between my legs .
then again , i 'd bled a little ( which was semi - embarrassing and only stopped being that when gray did n't make a big deal of it ) and it had to be said , i ached and i did it in a way that did n't invite further attention to that area .
but whatever it was , it made the area around my heart get warm .
then he turned to cecily , threw her on the couch , pulled and tugged her clothes just enough to provide access to the areas he wanted and he f**ked her even though she was still mostly dry .
his eyes dropped to them , i watched them heat , their heat made heat rise in certain areas of my body and his fingers tensed at my neck .
` ` i ' m gon na taste your skin , '' sam kept whispering and then he did , touching his tongue to sensitive area under my ear and i shivered again , pressing slightly closer , my hand continuing its exploration at his back .
his eyes had drifted down to my breast area again but at my question , they shot up to my face then both his arms closed around me , he shoved his face in my neck and burst out laughing .
chapter twelve my girl deserves gentle after sam had a shower and got on the phone , i hopped into the shower and did what i did since i started things with sam which meant the whole shebang of shaved legs , shaved pits , all over lotion , half - squirts of perfume in strategic areas and a cute outfit of white short - shorts and tight - fitting , coral pink , eyelet camisole that kicked ass with my tan .
then he f**ked me from behind , his hands spanning the area just above my ass , under my waist , his thumbs meeting in the middle , his fingertips at my hips .
a tremor ran through me at this maneuver and the area between my legs instantly got wet .
both of their eyes stayed closed and billie pressed her cheek to the area under his pectorals .
long enough for my ni**les to swell and the area between my legs to get wet .
when he lifted his head , i fought for my breath as well as control of several areas of my body and he asked , ` ` you hungry , babe ? ''
brock grinned and the sight of it with his handsome face close , his hard body pressed the length of mine and my lips ( and other places besides ) still tingling from his kiss , i again lost control of those several areas of my body .
then again , there were other , better areas he showered attention on so who knew ?
his eyes were on another downward run , caught around the area of my br**sts when i forced out : ` ` racine 's ? ''
at the feel of it , the memories it invoked , that gaping void i could never stop thinking about widened , consuming vast areas of my body , making me feel empty from throat to toes .
the area between the legs where he 'd had his mouth got wet at his words and it did n't help he was so close ; my breaths were mingling with his , my br**sts were brushing his chest , and my mind was centering on the fact that i knew what it felt like , my br**sts bared , his chest the same , and my ni**les brushing against his chest hair .
jim - billy 's eyes often strayed to my chest area but i could forgive that because all the rest of the time he was darned funny and definitely sweet .
seeing that photo , he felt that sharp thing pierce through the left side of his chest again and , at the exquisite pain , that area tensed and stayed that way .
at my voice sounding , his eyes , pointed down and aimed around my breast / midriff area , shot to mine .
hair being gripped ( only mine ) and gripped in a sexy way that pulled at my scalp rough but gentle and so hot i felt the area between my legs get wet .
` ` he wanted to numb the area while i worked , but i thought you might like the pain . ''
he stood side profile , hiding his back and chest - the two areas i most wanted to see .
his finger twisted inside , focusing on the extra sensitive area .
rejection and self - hatred were fellow emotions as zel 's eyes swept over me , lingering on some areas , coasting over others .
pulling out of her warmth , he placed a kiss to the bruised area and left to grab a cloth .
she was n't used to anything poking in such a delicate area .
she applied some antiseptic to the area .
he soothed the area he slapped .
the pain bringing a delightful burn to her ass as he rubbed the area he 'd slapped .
he continued to grip her thigh repeatedly in different areas , constantly touching and stroking her .
seeing her appear so fragile , pale and helpless in a hospital bed , had nearly destroyed him , making him ache in other areas above his waist .
his thumb slid back into her anus , the area already wet with her juices .
she smoothed her fingers over the velvet softness of the skin encasing his large member , using her index finger to softly spread a droplet of moisture on the head around the sensitive area .
she stroked over the bruises on his face softly , wincing as she smoothed the rapidly emerging purple and yellow areas under his eye .
holy hell , every area of his body felt hypersensitive at the moment .
travis seemed to know exactly where to touch , how to chafe against those sensitive areas inside her that made her ready to beg for relief from the torment .
she walked up to travis and kissed him on the cheek , avoiding the area that was scraped up .
as usual , travis was right : the scraped areas on her skin hurt more now than they had the day before .
the hand on her butt moved between her legs , wetting his fingers in her moist pu**y and moving back up sensually to the area between the cheeks of her ass , lubricating the area before gently moving his index finger into her anus .
the hand on her butt moved between her legs , wetting his fingers in her moist pu**y and moving back up sensually to the area between the cheeks of her ass , lubricating the area before gently moving his index finger into her anus .
do n't let that be the reason why you ... '' ` ` it 's not , '' i tell him , stroking his cheek , feeling the beginnings of stubble in the smooth areas scratching against my palm .
he 'd shed his sleek button down shirt so i got an eyeful of the tight muscles of his abdomen and the tantalizing v cut that led to his groin area .
i heard his deep voice filtering through the door and the area between my thighs immediately came alive .
my whole body tingled -- my shoulders beneath my silk blouse , the area at the back of my knees , my toes .
i waited a moment , slowly rubbing the area i spanked until her muscles relaxed .
he 's dressed in a wife - beater , which is soaked with sweat at his chest area , and running shorts .
next , i feel his tongue making increasingly moist circles around my right nipple and areola - laving the entire puckered flesh there , eliciting goose bumps around the area .
the familiar rising of his c**k sends the entire crotch area of his jeans into massive strain .
up , down - the familiar sliding sensation of velvety flesh around his most sensitive area .
he 's toweling his hair , and his body still wears some residual wetness from some areas he has forgotten to wipe off .
he ran his fingertip suggestively down the area between her clavicles .
she whimpered and rolled to her side , her body sweaty and unfulfilled as her pelvis area pulsed with unsatisfied need .
her gaze snagged on a woman as laird buried his face between her thighs , eagerly ravaging the woman 's most sensitive area until she gasped , twisting and crying her release .
it 'd just been vince 's finger yet suddenly , she 'd been right back in that cursed dungeon being beaten and violated by a stranger and every hot , slippery feeling in her downstairs area had evaporated , leaving her crying and trying to get away from the man who 'd given her the single most amazing orgasm she 'd ever experienced .
nolan cupped her pubic mound , pressing with the heel of his palm against the fevered flesh of her most private area .
` ` and do n't you dare just pop up in my shower either or you 'll find sensitive areas under attack with a loofah , '' she called out stridently .
he was in the process of showing them how to target an assailant 's most vulnerable areas , starting with the knee .
the way she was bent over aidan left her most secretive areas fully exposed to him .
when she used her fingertips to stroke the area between his eyebrows and hairline , slowly rubbing his hot skin , he groaned again .
she 'd had an eighteen - year - old 's body back then , not nearly as curvy as she was now , and the four - inch cesarean scar running horizontal to the top of her pubic area had n't been there before , either .
he sets the saucer next to me and then examines my poor , bald vag area .
i can tell because her face looks ridiculously smooth , and the areas around her mouth and eyebrows do n't move much as she looks me up and down .
` ` couple of herniated discs around that area and a facet fracture . ''
i can see the little indention hot guys have in that area , the spot on their hips where i ' ve always thought a woman 's hands should grip .
there 's no fixing the crotch area , though , which is t.i.g.h.t .
the area around my left cheek bone is a little puffy and a little red , but nothing to throw engagement rings about .
and the third was the log of me swiping in and out of various areas .
he sucked the deepest areas - his favorite part of a man 's body - inhaling his masculine scent each time he took a deep breath .
after evan finished massaging carson 's stomach , he skipped over his groin area and moved right down to his legs and feet .
this was one of the most sensitive areas in evan 's body .
it will numb the area so you wo n't feel a thing , '' he said , seemingly having a hard time pulling his thoughts away from the pig poo .
it did n't take long for me to lose feeling in that area .
but you really should do something about the mouth area .
he starts sucking on the area of skin behind my ear and i about lose it .
i d come to the conclusion that if i could shoot them in a critical region , like the head or the heart , then even if they could regenerate those areas , it would take them some time .
she was nt referring to the sexual area , but to the kiss - could he never have kissed a girl ?
a slash even bigger crossed her belly from the area below her right breast almost to her left hip .
on impulse , her sight ran down to the area just above her navel , where she remembered having been wounded by the blade - she found only an ugly mark .
her expression turned from loving to hard , and he yelped when her fingernails dug viciously into his private area .
that area between your legs , cait .
not now , she whispered , rubbing the pained area .
apparently , they had to shave an area near my ear for the surgery , but my chopped off hair was the least of my problems .
at least the area was perfectly hidden by my hair and no one would notice it unless i put my hair up in a ponytail .
the orthopedic surgeon is attempting to stabilize and repair the damaged area in his lower spine to prevent further damage to his spinal cord .
it was very delicate and tedious work , but they were able to secure a metal cage around the damaged area .
he had an oxygen mask covering his nose area .
you have no fever or sign of infection in that area .
we operated the first time to stabilize that area to try to protect the spinal cord from further injury , but we ca nt determine with ct scans or other tests if the spinal cord was just bruised , crushed , or severed .
he had not experienced any spontaneous leg movements , but he did feel some sensations of pain in a few areas of his legs and feet .
she carefully removed his colostomy bag , thoroughly cleaned the area , dried it , and attached the new bag .
each night , mandy would loosen the back brace , remove , clean , and re - bandage the colostomy area .
quickly she moved to another area and began rubbing the warm lotion in with firmer pressure , concentrating on the point where the nerve and muscle met the bone .
his concrete stare caused the area from my lungs to my stomach to quiver .
she was a neat slim looking woman , and was quite large in the chest area and more that once he found himself staring at them , and feeling a little embarrassed when she caught him in the act .
matthew thrust his left hand across his body and at cheetah , grabbing him by the throat in the area of his collar and tie .
he clapped a hand over the injured area and stumbled backwards , clearly blindsided .
she lifted her hands to her temples and massaged the throbbing area with her fingertips .
those areas were red and irritated but otherwise unharmed .
sir , she began again , a part of your grandmothers heart was clogged so blood was nt being sent to areas of the body where it needed to be going .
the areas of her heart that were nt clogged were working harder to pump blood to the areas of her body that were nt getting blood .
the areas of her heart that were nt clogged were working harder to pump blood to the areas of her body that were nt getting blood .
i did deserve it , i always went for the most sensitive areas when trying to hurt people and that always ended poorly on my part .
xin covered the spot by pulling the mans jacket over the area and smiled .
he said , and i felt his warm breath wash over my neck you could make them a tad bit darker by adding small dots , there he said pointing to the area and there .
she felt something akin to sobbing , grateful relief when he finally slid up her body in a graceful , catlike movement and gripped her in a move that screamed of blatant possession ; a second later , paige was literally caught between a rock and a hard place - the rock being the wall that her back was suddenly forced against , the hard place his arousal pressing into her , moving up and down , making the lace of her panties rub against her most sensitive areas and very nearly causing her to lose it right then and there .
the vet cleaned him and medicated the area , then gave me one of those bowl things to go around his neck .
my teeth nibbling her most sensitive areas .
we took turns , leaving soft trails up and down necks , chests , and every other sensitive area we possessed .
all the throbbing in her body seemed to be accumulating in that one area and when he touched her , her body pulsed with need and desire .
nicks shirt was risen just enough to show his lower back and the large bruise he had going across the area .
blake sat on the ground , leaning back against the tree with one leg propped up , the position covering the particular area that kept catching her eye .
mia , put pressure right above the area and ill get a first aid kit .
the demons fingertips brushed over the area above the wound when he stopped in mid - motion .
there were three areas of scratches left on my body : the ones on my neck , the ones of my upper stomach , and the ones on my inner right forearm .
i felt coolness enveloping the damaged areas , soothing the pain until the gash on my neck vanished and i could move my fingers again .
swab the area and get some antivenin in him straight away , '' aidan ordered .
oh , it was the most marvelous feeling to have his hands there , but then when they had wandered around her hips , she had wanted them to remain in that general area a little longer as well .
his tongue on the sensitive area sent flames fanning out in all directions .
lynna darling , you seem to have.um.grown in certain areas .
daniel seemed flushed , perspiring heavily , and evidently his groin area had been beset by a terrible itch .
some women may not have any desire in that area and the seed would hold no power over them .
she felt like a young mother again as she continued to massage the area she was imagining the young fetus would be in .
i love the buttons on the hip area .
yeah , but , um , why do nt you fix your , um , blouse on the top area first ?
iv fluid dripped slowly through a narrow tube from the plastic bag that hung next to charlies head into a bandaged area around her neck .
i am embarrassed because your boot is between my legs and pressing in that area and making me feel ( ok one more time ) aroused .
the first marcos pulled was a frilly pink halter top dress with rhinestones and bow on the stomach area .
he pulled his shirt over his head and rinsed the elbow area with cold water .
his mouth trailed her side , her ribs , and then the area just above her hip .
chuckling , dom rolls back to his position and i slap on my gloves and clean and shave the newly exposed area with care as his scent wafts over me .
i snap on my gloves , clean and shave the area , and dive into my work .
i gently wipe him clean and cover the colored area before letting him dress again .
his trimmed - back mustache prickled the sensitive area above her mouth ; his goatee brushed against her cheek as he dropped skimming kisses along the line of her jaw .
continuing at his pace , he grabbed one leg , pulling it up to his hip ; his fingers continued their tease of her most sensitive area .
he stepped towards greyson , only to stop when a dozen men surrounded him , the ends of their swords pointing to some very personal areas of his body that he would rather not see harmed , holding him off and pissing kevan off yet again .
a hiss escapes rolands lips as i rub that area .
it is ridgedmuch like his posture at the momentand puckered in certain areas , like the back of his jaw , into the neck and ear .
but what if i touch the affected area ?
he massages the knots with light and then deep pressure , working over each area for several minutes .
petra felt more carefully around that area .
what makes me think that is the red and puffy area around the original wound . ''
she took off her aviation glasses , revealing the area around her eyes as the only clean part of her body .
the blisters were big , exposing huge areas of raw flesh , and he poured disinfectant on the open sores .
supposedly , its to protect players from other teams trying to target the specific area of injury .
even though it was nearly enough to paralyze me with fear , i could nt stop myself from letting him in , past my wall of defenses and into the areas where he could hurt me .
with just a finger , he removed them from the area he was interested in and pushed them to my knees .
she noticed how muscular his chest area was .
she settled the device close to his skin , switched it on and ran it over his lower - leg area .
he took his time ; each area of her body he scanned reacted to his gazeher mouth , her breasts , lower , and lower .
when his hands moved from her stomach to other sensitive areas , little pants of pleasure escaped her chest .
yeah , those areas were a tad sore .
our theory is that this signal is received like any other stimulus , going through transduction and being transmitted to the thalamus before its sent to a specialized area of the brain , this being the area we named the hypoversum .
our theory is that this signal is received like any other stimulus , going through transduction and being transmitted to the thalamus before its sent to a specialized area of the brain , this being the area we named the hypoversum .
so maggie singer troops in with her birkenstocks and bag of tricks her peach scented vibrator and her candles and her handcuffs ( fur lined ) and her strawberry and licorice flavored condoms and her obscene cookies , bread ladies with inverted chocolate kisses in their public areas and little pointy chocolate drops on their breasts and the breadmen with gummy worms coming out of their crotches .
he does nt laugh or tell me not to touch him there , but his body tightens further still when i go over the area one more time to test the theory .
her spanxed body was pinched and pushed up as far as it was physically possible in two very prominent areas .
her foot moved right to his groin area .
she tried to arch her hips off of the bed to get some contact with her most sensitive areas , but his weight kept her immobilized .
grahams grandfather had insisted that it was important to have one area that reminded people of what they d had before the vampires so they would fight to get it back .
the old , damaged parts of the eye can poison the treated areas and cause them to revert back to their dysfunctional form .
the area evangeline touchedright between his shoulder bladeswarmed .
wishing shed brought her purse with the medicine in it , sarah tore off a paper towel and wet it , trying to cool the warmth of the growing red area .
his hands immediately went to the area just below his right eye , felt where her fingernails had broken the thin skin and pulled them back to inspect them .
terzinis genius constructed him to reject conventional sentiment and , instead , use the area of his brain that was used by most human beings for setting their emotional state for higher cognitive function .
but quickly , gabriel learned to push his emotions to profounder areas of his mind and readdress them when not training .
he nibbled a trail over her shoulder ( who would have thought that area could be such an erogenous zone ? )
lauras mind was already painting pictures , but she quickly stopped the thought before it could develop toward inappropriate areas .
but as she watched them take a couple more practice swings , she realized that the stiff arms and postures had relaxed , that they were actually touching in other areas now .
he moved my hand to the area where the nose would be .
he moved my hand to the area of the mouth and i closed my eyes and sketched again .
she knelt down and first touched the lumpy area where the cat was frantically rolling and scratching .
the image of annie in bed with jake caused an immediate and sharp pain in the area of heaths heart .
when she did nt pull away he let his lips trace a path to her shoulder then back up to the sensitive area behind her ear .
she had her shirt on when she was stabbed , she said , pointing to the three identical slices through her shirt in an area maybe three inches square , stomach - high but a little to the left .
if you look close at the area , you can see the ridges on her skin through the cloth .
he was pointing to the area inside the tape .
he reached for his stetson and settled it over his most vulnerable area before laying his head back down on the ground .
there was only a cold darkness in the area around his heart and it did nt seem to be in any hurry to go away .
what a scuzz - fest she had allowed cole to kiss her on occasion , and had only allowed him to touch her in certain areas on the weekend .
she hoped with all her might he would n't notice the small stitched area where her head had been shaved .
she smiled proudly as she pinned the veil on caroline 's head full of cascading curls that effectively disguised the shaved area of her head where she 'd cracked her skull .
he kissed her cheek , careful not to touch the tender area and admired her face .
maybe the tumors pulsing or something , pressing on a vital area of my brain , and ill black out soon and be spared any further humiliation .
i normally stick to the area around the haight .
the continued buzzingcoming from the area around the front doorwas the second .
placing my hands over his heart and lung area , the heart beats become stronger for a moment and fail again .
the area around my pupils was a deep , golden color that faded to a crimson rim at the edge 's of my irises .
he treated her gently , sliding his fingertips back and forth over the area .
hunter nodded , eyeing her pelvic area .
evidently a couple of the scabbed areas had nt healed completely .
i was significantly well - endowed as well as ample in the bottom area .
he went for every visible area that drake could nt protect .
the area was smooth , her body hot as it blazed underneath my fingertips .
she came forward , and i guided my hand up her torso ; her body giving a slight shiver as i made my way to the area i desired .
i ran a single finger along the area .
she knew that the area where his annual dose of the cure had been injected into his spinal cord would still be quite tender ; the sensation would ease after a couple of days .
the sunshine was blinding , but bitter cold turned any area of exposed skin to a bright red patch .
no , i answer as she takes her stethoscope and listens to different areas of my chest .
his eyes shoot down to my chest area and heat , unrelated to the sun , creeps up my neck and into my face .
nothing , nothing on this earth save perhaps the smell of marias proximity , was as pleasantly fragrant as kus head , the soft and loveable area directly between the ears .
many tears were shed at the moment he had hugged each goodbye , and the smell of kus head , the soft and furry area behind the ears , remains permanently fixed in his memory .
or was it the gene - group for reproduction , deeply hidden neurons in some part of the brain with connecting links to every other part of the brain , to every part of the body , to every immeasurably small and tickly area of skin .
but before turki can even blink , before the motion of another breath even appears on his face , raifes right hand detonates to an area directly behind turkis head , which , like his body , completes a speechless and near - silent descent through space until the moment it greets the floor with a , thud .
he has that same little flesh - colored area at the tip of his nose , the one that gets sunburned easily if you do nt remember to rub the sun cream in .
she pointed to raife himself , to an area beyond his head .
the bruising was long gone , and it had nt left a mark , but i could still feel a tiny ache on that side of my face when i pressed on the area .
her most sensitive areas suddenly felt good .
the most sensitive of areas ached for johnnie .
johnnies touch was everything to her , and not just the ones that went to her most sensitive areas .
a red stain spread over morloxian 's face , then the bald areas of his head .
she asked , while pointing at the dark area and white pointy thing in the pictures of my wrist .
blood covered his shirt in the shoulder area .
if i did see david , would nt his soul be enshrouded in crimson and why was the area around his hands so bright ?
i remove my hand fearing my grip could cause this area to cave .
anna wanted to believe it was just coincidence that it was her female areas feeling this way , but she could nt deny it ... it started to make a little more sense .
they felt like boulders as her muscles were sore , her private areas tender .
she explained how tender certain areas of her body felt , how sometimes she felt extremely tired , and how poor thomas had to deal with her constant need to cry .
i twisted in my chair as my eyes sought out his stomach area .
much more of inspecting the mans private area and she really would earn the saucy nomenclature .
what did she think she was shock rolled through him as her hand came in contact with his he grabbed her wayward hand and thrust it safely away from his private area .
sera grabbed the area on his chest surrounding his heart .
` ` did you know if you break your leg , when it heals , it 's stronger in that area ? ''
ava traced her hands over his chest looking for the area he had been shot to put pressure on the hole to help stop the bleeding .
he was shot in the shoulder area .
she touched the area and jumped from the tenderness .
her body began to writhe and as his fingers spread over her most sensitive area , she drew a deep breath and cried out .
but what he lacked in height , he certainly made up for in other areas .
when she was done , she reclined on the exam table and maren did a brisk assessment , occasionally asking eve if an area hurt .
after swabbing cammie 's arm and securing a rubber elastic above the area she planned to stick , she spoke to cammie in soft , reassuring tones .
he toyed with the sensitive area , enjoying the shivers that quaked her body as he tongued the shallow indention .
i trailed my hands down his belly to his hips , teasing the area around his erection with my fingers .
he dropped my underwear on the floor , and then his gaze caressed the area between my legs .
feeling his fingers on my skin made all my blood pool to the area between my legs .
the hip is a sensitive area of the body , so it 'll feel slightly different than the one behind your ear . ''
then his hands were on my knees , nudging them apart , and his gaze fastened on the area between my legs .
shifting on the stool , he eased the pressure off that area as much as he could .
he kissed the sensitive area below her earlobe .
it attacks scar growth inhibitors while swarming around the area of injury .
` ` well , it looks like santa wo n't have to work nearly as hard in the seattle area this year .
i licked , circling the sensitive area with my tongue .
swinging his legs out of bed , he got up and padded across to the washbasin , where he picked up a sponge and proceeded to clean the most necessary areas .
perhaps you could ... '' he did n't need to finish that sentence , for she 'd already grabbed the closest oil lamp and was holding it over daniel 's abdomen , illuminating the area that the doctor needed to work on .
all of my clothes are engineered to draw the eye away from my arm- shoulder area .
mostly in the crotch area .
that whole area was still sore from those two .
he wanted to bury himself in many other areas of her body as well .
he continued to kiss her , increasing her body 's pleasure , as he gently flicked his finger over her most sensitive area .
he should ' ve worked the area , eased into her , taken his time .
as she came in contact with the sensitive area between her thighs , she grimaced .
with a guttural growl of possession , he opened his mouth , licking with his tongue up the folds of her most sacred area .
one strong arm claimed the area between breast and belly .
bella hisses , telling me that i ' ve kept the bonds on her long enough to oversensitize the bound areas , mainly her tits .
he follows her dutifully as she walks to the area between bella 's legs , then pulls the butt plug out of her .
and while judith was tall like chloe , stopping just below my chin , mary was barely pushing five feet , and was probably as wide through the chest area as she was tall .
i needed to shave , paint my toenails and wax a few other areas .
my eyes drift down his stomach and linger in the area where i know his scar to be .
he replaced it with his mouth and her body thrashed as the circulation returned to the area of her nipple .
the area around her lips was smudged with black .
on the right side of her sister 's head was a small area that had been shaved .
the patchy hairless area made her look impossibly young .
his nimble , probing , licking tongue swiped up between my lower lips , a wet heat against my most sensitive area .
he could feel the blood rushing all to one area , his own body begging him to end the torture he was bestowing on them both .
she soothed the area with her lips and then made her way up the side of his rugged cheek , until she finally placed her lips back against his .
she followed his abs to his low - riding , athletic pants before noticing her eyes had moved to an area she should n't be looking at .
his hands roamed every inch of her skin , taking their time in her most intimate areas .
he slipped his hand lower and her body tensed as his fingers rubbed over her most sensitive area .
he knelt next to the tub and brought his hands up to her neck , gently massaging the area , before he moved down to her slick shoulders .
he quickly disarmed it , trying to be careful not to touch too many areas , just in case they were able to pull prints from the weapon .
his tongue swirled around the edges of her n**ples , wetting the area before he finally sucked each straining bud into his mouth , moving back and forth .
he slowly caressed the area , drawing out her pleasure until she finally collapsed against the table , her legs still spread wide .
he came in closer , took pictures of different areas , at different angles , but i kept my eyes closed the entire time .
sliding forward , shocked at the extreme sensation of it teasing against my bare , intimate area , another jacuzzi jet shot a stream of water against one of my br**sts .
a single button in the center of a loose , slitted opening in the middle of the pajama pants crotch area gave me all the access i needed to fulfill my task .
damien 's mouth pressed firmly over her panties , breathing hot against her most sensitive area , and every thought that had been in her mind disappeared into the all - consuming heat of sensation .
awareness that the old witch 's eyes were roving over him as he moved , and mostly over the area below his waist , made him pick up speed as he headed for the water .
while she was not yet skilled at pleasuring him with her mouth in other areas , as her sweetly clumsy attempts that morning had proved , his wife had definitely got the hang of kissing .
tender area , cal thought when bill just nodded .
nibbling on the area again , this time biting a little harder , he was rewarded with another moan as her body pressed up against him .
her sensitive body flinched when she pressed the soft towel against certain areas .
the tissue in that area was living .
although i ' ve been cancer - free for four years now , i ' m viewed as a risk in just about every area .
the tumor was gone , but i was sure there 'd be more , growing in areas not as accessible as this one had been .
if a person was bitten near the brain , or an area that contained a lot of nerve endings such as the hand - bingo - symptoms would be accelerated .
he cupped her face , thumbed the small area right at the corner of her mouth where there was still the faintest hint of a bruise .
she heard the medical staff whispering together , calling over another doctor , pointing to an area on the screen .
with gentle hands , he washed her body , paying special attention to the areas he was hardest on .
he rolled to his side and sucked in his breath when a particularly tender area of his ribs pressed against the mattress .
he splayed his hands over her rib cage and then began to press in a series of areas with his fingertips .
he paused there and then worked his fingers into the area around the tender spot .
did anything hit you in this area ?
` ` she fractured two lower ribs and has extensive bruising in that area , whether from the car accident or from abuse .
she twined her arms around his neck and slid her mouth down his jaw line to his neck where she nuzzled and licked at the area over his pulse .
he palpated the area around it , watching her closely for signs of discomfort , but she did n't so much as flinch .
it covered an area the size of his hand .
he kissed the area above her nipple .
ryan was bent over massaging the area above his knee .
he knew he had a concussion , maybe brain damage that would only worsen with time , but his exploring fingers told him the area around the wound was swelling rapidly .
delicate black lace panties barely covered her most intimate area .
she allowed her fingers to run over the contours of his face , down his chest to more intimate areas .
his fingernails scraped the sensitive area where my thighs sloped into my rear , before he filled his palms and ground us together .
reassured that she was staying put , at least for the time being , he got out his first - aid kit and carefully disinfected the bite wounds in his arm , then sprayed the area to numb it .
while she was there , she took care of another area that needed attention , then wet another washcloth and took it to him .
both fingers dipped in , stroked the entrance and feathered around the boundaries , touched the walls , and then out and up to the keyhole - like area near the very top .
grant ran his finger along her smooth skin , being careful to avoid the abraded area .
with a light touch , he ran his tongue along the area until he found just the right spot , the one that made her twitch and gasp every time he touched it .
wyatt 's were found all over it , especially in the areas where the car had been tampered with .
by the time he reached the shockingly sensitive area of her collarbone , she was a mass of excitement , wiggling in his lap in response to the liquid heat now pooling in her lower belly .
evelinde winced when his hands slid to the sides of her hips , smoothing the salve into the tender areas there .
evelinde thought she must have discovered something then , and licked him again , the movement slower and covering more area .
even though i ' m dressed in a too - small set of pjs i found stuffed in a bottom drawer in my room - seth still has n't brought my luggage or called me back for that matter - and despite the fact i have pea green spot corrector dotted on various areas of my face , i shove my bare feet into a pair of my brother 's oversized boots that i find in the foyer .
only a few inches separated his mouth from the area of jaw line she 'd been examining , and she watched his beautiful lips flatten into a hard line .
` ` the areas i had in mind are on the front side of your body and a whole lot more interesting . ''
gavin 's heat seeped into her , traveling up her arm and down her torso to pool in an area that had been dormant for a long time .
she glanced down at her arm and slid her fingers over the area where the break had occurred .
he examined a small area , stopping to ask her if it hurt , then continued over the rest of her abdomen .
she licked teasingly over the top and then around , pausing to give extra attention to the area he 'd pointed out .
at the top , she stopped and held the head on her tongue and then swirled it around , laving the bottom and teasing the area with a series of licks and swipes .
his hand reached up to his chest and rubbed at the area over his heart as if it hurt him .
that 's one area we could see eye to eye .
he asked with concern in his voice as he gently wiped the tender area .
his fingers glided over the area , spreading the lubricant , pausing over her entrance before pressing inward .
the contrast between the pale areas he had n't yet touched and the spots he 'd struck was enticing .
he ignored his wet crotch area and pulled her into his arms .
she wanted to shout her gratitude when he went straight to her core , the area that was alive with need for him .
ella patted him one more time on the area in question and shook her head .
unconsciously she rubbed the still - tender area along her jaw ... '' she lost herself in the words she 'd written , in the short story that was hers and hers alone .
she shrugged and then set to work deadening the area around the wound .
nik relaxes against my back and his hands move from my most private areas back around my waist .
dropping to her knees , she licked the water from the area right under his belly button .
he put a finger in the book that he was reading and extended his other hand to pat the area beside him .
chapter eighty - four in his absence , julia simply closed her eyes and focused on her breathing - that is , until she was lying in the obstetric operating room and dr . rubio began touching the area that had been prepped for incision .
when she 'd woken up this morning , she had been deliciously sore in areas she 'd forgotten about and chase ... chase had been gone .
his tongue circled the area he 'd kissed , and then he moved on , trailing tiny kisses down her neck .
marcus moaned as she found especially sensitive areas , urging her to linger .
he aimed his blade at less vulnerable areas , striking to wound and not to kill .
the moment it emerged , he wrapped his lips around the surrounding area and sucked gently .
lysette looked pointedly at the general area of his cock .
suddenly there was a light touch along the inside of my inner thigh , along the same area that jake had touched with his hands before , that same erogenous zone i never knew existed until then .
she looked doubtfully at it as he swabbed an area of her skin with alcohol .
then she released him and slid her hand back up again as she kissed each area of his bruised ribs .
he paused at the juncture of her legs and gently kissed the area right above the patch of hair at her groin .
` ` with a face like that , a lass has to compensate in other areas .
savage satisfaction coursed through her veins when the warrior just in front of patrick clutched his chest and toppled forward , her arrow embedded deeply in the area just above where his chain mail protected his vulnerable areas .
savage satisfaction coursed through her veins when the warrior just in front of patrick clutched his chest and toppled forward , her arrow embedded deeply in the area just above where his chain mail protected his vulnerable areas .
his gentle , insistent nod seemed to indicate that , yes , he wanted to pour melted wax across my most intimate area .
the thick brown patch across my pubic area and my sex formed a mound of dirt , or something like it .
when i do n't answer him , nick 's hands move and they frame my panties , the triangle of his fingers outlining my most sensitive areas .
it takes effort not to cover the area beneath my jacket where my gun resides .
she is sensitive around the backs of her knees and the inside thigh area .
the air seemed to still between them as his fingers gently caressed the delectable area .
the throbbing on his cheek and around the tender flesh of his eye screamed in protest as he gently touched the area where katherine had hit him .
his heart increased his blood flow to all the wrong areas of anatomy , and when he made introductions to the rest of the dinner party , he felt such a stab of jealousy when sir constantine 's gaze flew to her bosom that he thought his head would explode .
thomas doverspike 's lean musculature was a delight to duplicate and his skin glowed with buoyant health , but she 'd left his groin area fuzzy and indistinct .
a naughty tingle of sudden warmth shot to the area in question .
he kept his palms on my hips ; his thumbs glided up and down the sensitive area where my thighs connected to my body .
and ... and ... she could n't even bring herself to think about the area between his legs .
he thumbed over the stitched area and frowned when she flinched . ` `
he cupped the area of her cheek where heath had struck her , and his gaze darkened .
he used the palm of his hand , varying the strikes so that he was hitting different areas , reddening the peach like halves of her ass .
he slid his fingers up , stroking the sensitive area between her ass and p**sy , making her grind her mound against the table .
she smoothed a few areas that were standing straight up , but there was n't much she could do with the tangled rampage of black hair without an elastic .
lean in all asset areas , nicole had never considered her figure particularly sexy .
her body was sending wild sensations from every area their bodies touched .
he licked the exposed area of her stomach , the sensitive flesh of her inner thighs and then his tongue followed the path his fingers had .
his hot breath added to her building excitement as she remembered how it had warmed her thighs and other areas of her body that were already pulsing and begging for his attention .
she cupped him from below and rubbed the area at his base with her thumb , reveling at the moan that escaped him .
he plunged two fingers inside her and worked them rhythmically while suckling on her and using the stubble on his chin to roughly caress the surrounding area .
with a grimace , marc watched a wet area spread down the man 's cargo pants .
a frown marred the smooth area between her brows .
' what area are you hitting ?
his lips nipped and licked the sensitive area of her nape and down her spine , and he rocked against her in a rhythm that drove her mad .
the tumor is close to the stomach area so it 's a delicate procedure .
her sweet , hot mouth was n't enough and he slaked kisses against the line of her jaw , down the column of her neck to the area just below and slightly behind her ear .
she closed her eyes , savoring the feel of his lips against that oh - so - sensitive area .
he alternated from one breast to the other , leaving her writhing , the area between her thighs drenched , her br**sts heavy with need .
for instance , silas was one - hundred percent making love to her mouth and yet she could feel it quite keenly in another area farther south .
she massaged his balls , paid particular attention to the tender area beneath the full head of his penis .
she waved her hand to indicate the general area where she 'd lost the gun .
instead a frown pleated the area above her slim nose .
the area between her legs tingled .
amelia whispered , her hand covering the area where the guy 's had been .
her mouth , her tongue , her br**sts , her belly and the area between her thighs .
steve scratched the area behind his left ear .
what about the roots she was so carefully planting in the seattle area ?
extra time and care was needed to ensure that the infection was completely eradicated before it could spread to the entire abdominal area .
sure enough , in no time that area of his anatomy was fully deployed and ready for action .
he held his towel in supposed nonchalance while he allowed it to dangle protectively in front of that area .
a curl of desire started low in her belly and branched out until she began to tingle everywhere , especially in areas that she would n't normally associate with thoughts of mitchell .
` ` your brain sends a signal , and blood flow increases to the exact area needed for participation .
because chester had no hair on his head , the blush was visible over a much wider area .
the idea of kissing and tasting him so intimately tightened areas of her body that did n't bear mentioning .
the water was a shock to the tender areas and she winced as she set about picking the splinters from the wounds .
when they reached the other end of the room , she smiled at the others and then tried to slip her hand from graeme 's arm so she could take her leave , but he tugged her back and she had to keep from wincing when his fingers pressed into one of the sore areas on her palm .
he lifted one and pressed his mouth to the abused skin and kissed every inch of flesh , soothed over every blistered and torn area .
the idea that he was about to touch my very swollen wet area made me scared and excited at the same time .
moving close , she rested her hands in the soft area between his neck and shoulders .
she shook violently , her fingers still gripping the area of the gunshot .
keep the area clean and a bandage over it .
this was one of her favorite areas .
it would n't stop the bruising , but it might numb the area enough so he could take her mind and body elsewhere .
jamie 's finger spread the remaining bristles gently apart , tracing several deep scratches that scored the bruised area .
he emitted a small shriek when i applied a wet cloth soaked in turpentine to the area , in order to cleanse it thoroughly , but was as good as his word and did n't move .
a mite sore round the privates '' -he tenderly patted the area in question- '' but a sweeter job of stitchin ' i ' ve not been privileged to see .
he looked amused , fingering the area in question .
` ` ye nearly crushed my liver , '' he answered , gingerly prodding the affected area .
with something approaching pride , munro stripped off his battered clogs and hose , exposing broad , splayed feet on which the skin was thickened and roughened , white shiny patches alternating with angry red areas .
eroded by infection , the wound there covered an area the size of sixpence , still patched with scabs and the rawness of a new scar .
i had spotted something when he smiled , and pressed gently with my thumb over the discolored area on his cheek .
` ` gunpowder , '' i said , running my fingertips lightly over the darkened area .
i dipped a cloth into my bowl of distilled alcohol , wiped the area carefully , sterilized a scalpel , and cut quickly into the skin .
i 'd have to take more than the toes - i frowned , feeling my way carefully around the putrefying area , wondering whether it was better to try for a partial amputation between the metacarpals , or simply to take the foot off at the ankle .
from the back it accentuated the area where the small of her back flowed into her derriere , and made the most of that area of her body too .
from the back it accentuated the area where the small of her back flowed into her derriere , and made the most of that area of her body too .
` ` stop it , '' leif hissed as one of the men ogled my chest area .
i lightly graze the cuts and the slight purple area on his temple .
i massage and separate the fascia , kneading the muscle tissue with my fingers to provide good nourishment to the area .
his face is pounded purple at the exact place where his tattoo used to be , and now a scarred area with at least a dozen stitches lay where his black crawling insect used to crawl .
a part of her wanted to fling the suggestion back in his teeth , but , in a more rational area of her mind , she knew that she needed to hear him .
it was n't until we were seated in the restaurant that brett took off his shades , so that was the first time i got a glimpse of the shiner that encompassed the area from his right eyebrow down to his cheekbone .
she explored the area and found it to be his elbow .
shedding her jeans to mid - thigh and pulling her underwear down until it only covered her most private area had almost been the deal - breaker .
he slid his fingertips very gently over the area of her navel .
and the matching key was still in a similar area on his own back .
ample area to kiss and lick and suck .
he handed it to her as he slid back under the covers , and she caught a glimpse of the glint of silver on his c*ck and the tattoo just above his pubic area , but she could n't make out what it was .
she shoved him hard in the area with one finger .
slowly , so slowly it agonized her , he began to undress her , kissing every area of intimate skin he exposed .
she groaned into the pillow as his fingers dug deep , finding areas of tightness she had n't even known about .
he soothed the area with his palm and then smacked a different part of her ass .
his fingers went to touch the area , but he held back , not wanting to hurt her .
as long as you start in the area of my hips , i ' m game . ''
he made a satisfying yelp as he picked up his foot and rubbed the offended area .
his promise gladdened her heart and spread warmth into areas still numb with the cold .
normally , under such close scrutiny , she would have thought about all her problem areas and all the physical flaws that were too many to name .
she cupped her hands in a circle around an area .
an injection of pain medication and then numbed the area around her wounds .
` ` using pet scans of working clairvoyants , my father found that the areas in the brain most important for clairvoyance were the same areas responsible for autism : the hippocampus , the amygdala , and the neocerebellum .
` ` using pet scans of working clairvoyants , my father found that the areas in the brain most important for clairvoyance were the same areas responsible for autism : the hippocampus , the amygdala , and the neocerebellum .
he surgically planted electrodes directly on the areas he wanted enhanced .
which reminds me , i meant to shave my area this morning , but was waylaid by cruise and his sudden need to flash me .
he pushes in hard , sliding his thumb over that delicate area where his mouth made me wild last night and i jump .
i had shaved my legs and all the other areas that needed attention .
then when cage had started staring at them , i swear they were tingling and causing the area between my legs to tingle too .
` ` the jackson hole area seems to have a strong effect on people .
his entire groin area ached from the restriction of his jeans .
gingerly he tested the area and winced as his fingers probed it .
he felt the uterus , turning it gently to see if there were any ruptures or necrotic areas .
the child is male , four years eight months old at the time of testing ... ... kyle is a handsome child with no obvious physical deficiencies in the head or facial area ... ... no recorded head trauma ... pregnancy was described by mother as normal ... ...
an anti - inflammatory , it numbs the area and i kept on running .
parts of the tumor had spread to areas deep within her brain and other parts were intertwined with areas of the brain that performed vital functions .
parts of the tumor had spread to areas deep within her brain and other parts were intertwined with areas of the brain that performed vital functions .
while it was n't as large as the original tumor had been - the size of an egg - it was located deeper within her brain , in an area responsible for both memory and vital motor functions .
they cut out the area around the mole , and because of its size , they took out eighteen of his lymph nodes .
he 'd removed the bandage and katie could see the spot where they 'd shaved his head to apply stitches , the area black and blue and swollen .
i ' m giving you a shot to numb the area .
you see , like this i only need to leave the straps in the area where the surgery is being performed undone .
lucas gripped her shoulder , kissed her again and softly nuzzled the barely raised area of flesh .
jace licked a path straight up her midline until he reached the area right between her br**sts .
his teeth bit into her lip , drawing blood , and then he licked over the tender area , sweeping the blood away and onto his tongue .
but then it became a test of her endurance as he continued to stripe her buttocks , working over the entire area so he did n't strike the same place two times in succession .
ren was especially sensitive in that area and he made it a point never to strike her there .
she closed her eyes again and surrendered to the male hands that explored her body , rubbing sunblock in areas that would probably never see the sun .
mike nuzzled her flesh , the scruff on his jaw abrading her sensitive areas , driving her crazy .
when he 'd covered every inch of her body , including her most intimate areas , he turned his attention to her hair .
plus she 'd gained and lost weight so many times that she sagged in certain areas .
lyric swam over to the side of the pool where he stood , and before he could react , she pulled herself out and stood before him , nak*d as the day she was born , and goddamn if he did n't react to the sight of her dripping wet , beads of water running over some very strategic areas .
his beard scraped roughly at her chin , abrading the tender area .
the only area she paid special attention to was her lips .
he blew one silky strand of hair from his mouth and then kissed the area right above her ear .
every time he saw a fingerprint , or the red area where the ropes had dug into her skin , he felt sick .
he kissed the area just above where his thumb probed , and then he slid his thumb in to the knuckle .
he cupped the area just above her pelvis where the baby - his baby - was nestled .
the shift allowed his appendage to poke at her most private area , and murie wiggled tentatively against him , using her h*ps and thighs to do so .
however , when she ran her uninjuredhand over the area , shecould feel welts .
avelyn felthis arms wrapcarefully around her back as he moved in closer , and she groaned as hishardnesspressedagainst the stillsensitive area betweenher legs .
` ` there is a bump but no blood , '' she announced as she found the area .
reaching up tentatively to prod the area , she was dismayed to find her skull still intact and a bump all she had to show for her pain .
my body was still tingling and i could n't even think about the strange sensations going on in my um ... private area .
he dropped down and ran his hand over the area above his right ear .
he inhaled deeply and kissed the area just behind her ear , enjoying her betraying twitch .
his heat seeped into her skin and crept up her leg , heading directly toward a recently awakened area .
a nurse prepared two vaginal - smear slides , gathered samples of whatever loose hairs she could comb from lorraine 's pubic area , clipped comparison samples of lorraine 's own pubic hair , and then did an acid phos - phatase test on a swab from lorraine 's genital area .
a nurse prepared two vaginal - smear slides , gathered samples of whatever loose hairs she could comb from lorraine 's pubic area , clipped comparison samples of lorraine 's own pubic hair , and then did an acid phos - phatase test on a swab from lorraine 's genital area .
he suggested that if burton for a moment believed his fingerprints might match the latents on the beer bottles in the victim 's kitchen , or if he thought for a further moment that samples of his pubic hair might match anything they 'd recovered from the girl 's pubic area , or if - as yet another possibility - he felt dna testing might come up with a positive match between his semen and anything they 'd swabbed from the girl 's vagina ... ` ` and make no mistake , '' he warned , ` ` they are going to get those samples from you .
she set her drink down to pull a notebook from the massive area of her purse .
understanding where she was headed , gage checked the urge to keep that area buried .
he dragged a finger to her breast , bumped over a tightened nipple , bisected her belly and grazed the sensitive area between her thighs .
that pale flesh signified something taboo , an area meant to be concealed .
despite heavier than usual makeup , bruised circles shadowed the area beneath her eyes .
every area he 'd touched made its presence known and his scent still clung to her skin , filling her nose with each breath.like a true gentleman he rose and pulled out a chair for her beside a happily babbling , food - stuffing rhett .
and i instantly zone on these black colour block high heeled , strappy sandals , with white and orange bars going across the toe area .
the doctor had offered her a shot to numb the area but one huge needle was bad enough , theresa had n't been enamoured with the thought of having to deal with two .
blair bent down as the shot was fired , which is why it hit her arm instead of a vital area .
` ` that 's so damn pretty , '' he whispered and ran his finger through the tender area .
his fingers swept over her chest , lightly massaging the area over her heart .
the branches were limber enough to be responsive , yet stiff enough to resist all but a definite pull from the selected area .
quinn 's deep sleep and vague dreams were interrupted by a foreign tugging somewhere in the area of her feet she tried first to kick it away , then to turn over , but somehow , she could not , and her groggy mind struggled to move against something that seemed to hold her .
he had a serious swelling in the groin area , and she rubbed her bottom against it .
claire stood with her hand over the injured area and saw in the mirror that she 'd somehow managed to make a small cut .
jason gently removed her hand and ran his own over the area she 'd been holding .
julie was very blessed in the chest area and did n't mind putting those assets on display .
he developed one near ... '' she gestured vaguely toward the groin area .
nathan swiveled around to see that ethan had come up behind him while donovan had taken shea to the side to finish cleaning the suture area .
he nibbled and toyed and then slid his tongue sensuously over the area where he 'd bitten as if to soothe .
he sank his teeth into the ultrasensitive area over her pulse point and , at the same time , swiped his tongue erotically over the area where he nipped .
he sank his teeth into the ultrasensitive area over her pulse point and , at the same time , swiped his tongue erotically over the area where he nipped .
it was n't the smoothness of scar tissue ; his hands were so sensitive , with their new , healing skin , that he could tell the difference between the burned areas and his fingertips .
no one spoke , breathed , moved ... except one of luc 's fingers inched down between kimber 's legs to brush over what had to be the sensitive area just above her clit .
the vag**al area shows considerable signs of penetration and a cursory exam found traces of sem*n . '' oh , shit !
with a gentle withdrawal , logan removed his fingers from her backside , then spread more lube over the tender area .
tara pretended to look down , clandestinely checking his belt for anything attached and his pockets for any flat areas .
` ` i took a flashlight and examined the area where she 'd loosened the bars in one corner .
he laughed softly , which sent more warmth to caress that significant area that both intrigued and frightened her .
a rush of warmth in the area of his heart told him she 'd begun carving out a place there .
first she tidied up the area and carried everything except some extra gauze pads into the bathroom .
of course , he was running out of known areas for piercings .
she points vaguely at my crotch area .
` ` the boob area is a little tight . ''
technically , it did n't qualify as a soft tissue area at the moment , anyway .
tension melted from her a layer at a time as she directed energy to one area at a time , while relaxing the rest of her body .
as if he 'd rubbed his finger along that area more often , taking away the sheen over time .
his hands ached to touch her , to relearn the curves , to find out if she still had the same sensitive areas and discover if she had new ones , as well .
it lurked in the area around his eyes and in the slight lift to the end of his mouth .
some of those wet areas clung to the muscles of his arms and shoulders .
i raked my fingers through his hair as his fingers lightly grazed the throbbing area between my legs before he pulled my shorts off of me .
with his shorts hanging low on his hips , showing that appealing line of hair disappearing beneath the dark blue fabric , and water trickling to areas her fingers had stroked before - hell , more than her fingers - she was quickly becoming a puddle of lust .
the excitement in his voice made her blood heat as it all rushed to one very sensitive area of her body .
before she could say anything , his tongue swept out , soothing the area and making her forget to admonish him .
his lips circled her most sensitive area ; his tongue swirled and his fingers pushed deep inside of her .
his tongue soothed the area , drawing out her pleasure ; but then , suddenly , he was gone .
he took his free hand and massaged the offending area .
it always hurt to have this area stroked after she 'd already been pleasured .
dark , unhealthy circles adorned the area beneath her eyes , and her lips were just lax ; there was no expression in her features .
i want to admire your body with only a few pieces of lace concealing your most feminine areas . ''
wetness flooded the area , making it easy for her finger to circle the aching bud where so many nerve endings converged .
his hands moved inward and he parted her soft folds , his thumbs caressing her inner heat as his mouth bent down and he sealed his lips over her most sensitive area .
she moaned in pleasure as his fingers moved swiftly in and out of her swollen heat while his mouth skillfully circled the area .
she refused to rub the areas in front of him , though , not wanting to give him any kind of satisfaction .
as the water caressed her most sensitive area , she felt her orgasm building , felt release nearing .
he continued massaging her body with the water , running the flow across every sensitive area she had until she was in tears .
he did n't want to admit it , but his groin area was still throbbing , and he was grateful to be able to just stand there a couple of extra minutes .
this was an area he was sure of - there were n't any blurred lines .
this was like an affirmation that they were both alive after what had happened at the airstrip , and her body quivered as tate shifted positions ; his cock pressed against the sensitive area inside her that set off another climax .
annie tried to keep her eyes level with his although she was tempted to look down at the affected area .