her fingers traced the branches of his lifemark .
` ` the branch of hatred is always grown from the seeds of greed and jealousy . ''
i have no idea how those countless girls he bedded ever survived the explosiveness of his lips , his body - the olive branch between his legs he 's so ready and willing to extend .
i never saw branch as being a jealous kind of guy .
` ` you know , i ' ve never seen branch around a small child before .
she 'd made it a point to make sure i knew that her and branch never even talked about being together until after i was gone .
a big black cadillac escalade was parked on la branch next to the vacant lot , facing us .
i ' m going to install a permanent branch above my bed . ''
her mother looked at her extended arm , an olive branch , and her eyes filled with tears .
this branch takes you to jack and ken norton 's compound .
the road 's other branch had signs warning that it was private and was for authorized personnel only .
there was the deep branch of the ulnar nerve , a delicate thread of white myelin , with its tiny branches spreading into invisibility , deep in the tissues .
not one branch on your family tree !
since the path we have taken has led us into an arteriole branch that has narrowed to just about capillary size , we ca n't even be sure that we 're still in the bloodstream . ''
his name patch said branch .
his second in command , oskar henricks , drew abreast of him and pointed forward to a side branch of the sewer .
painter was determined to find each and every one of them , along with every root and branch that supplied mapplethorpe with the resources and intelligence to pull off this attack .
sadeas gestured for a few of his soldiers to go down one branch of the tunnel - like corridor .
it looked like a golden brooch with filigree detail extending out in wavy branches or tendrils .
i pass several more charges as i lead us down the main branches toward the pentacle room .
i imagine her friends branch from her for she is not one to share such power .
the name jillian branch was also written on a sheet of paper in those same coordinates seven seconds ago .
then you admit jill branch is a dangerous individual ?
the nights in branch are nice and cool , with a thin mist that looms for several hours into the night .
near the back of the hall , high branches of black coral cradled an enormous throne .
there were curvy branches of golds and grays hand painted on the sleeves and down the length of the garment .
hoyt knew one branch opened up beneath the schools antiquated bomb shelter , but was nt sure where the other one led .
the left branch headed for the pier where the grumman lay peacefully like a big swan .
there were just so many twists and turns and branches that they could nt speed through the appropriately depicted labyrinth , even though they reached a promising , broad , lamp - lighted corridor within minutes .
the lower branch needs to come off . ''
soon the branch of the cave was only wide enough for one person to fit through .
` ` there 's a branch no one knew about .
flashes of static , like tiny forked lightning , sparked around them every few seconds ; phantom branches of light , shooting between metal objects .
abby nodded , yes , there should be a branch leading directly into this one from there , she confirmed .
at last they reached the take - off branch .
the sun was high in the sky when they veered away from the river bed to take a northern branch of the valley .
that fool , richter gains unimaginable power from a boy who is able to render me powerless with a mere turn of his magic branch .
the mine was placed with one branch of the trip wire , attached by pegs and rose about 15 centimeters above the land surface .
she walked toward a branch of the tunnel leading to the right , but paused after a couple of steps and turned toward sato , her face devoid of expression .
the bad water is coming from one branch of bedrock .
to my left , i could see a small branch of the trail that headed off toward the sound of the running water .
her peplos was unbelted and her hair a frizzy tree canopy with strands knotted and pointed outward like branches .
well , i need to get to the branches .
i guess my branch must be twenty - five .
the upper branch divided in two again and slipped into her nostrils ; the lower branch went between her parted lips and into her mouth .
the upper branch divided in two again and slipped into her nostrils ; the lower branch went between her parted lips and into her mouth .
i see it is not only questions and thoughts that grow out wider and wider like branches .
its branches was like one of those fancy hairdos i see the french ladies wear in france .
i tap the base of the altar with my branch .
should n't she have come to the north conway branch of the appalachian trail by now ?
a brilliant blue - white branch of lightning passed just to jack 's right , fusing sand like glass .
look how close you are to receiving a branch in the eye . ''
barbara could not help but notice that her trembling hands were as brown and wrinkled as her face , and were decorated with branches of bulging , sclerotic veins .
he tossed a first ball fast ball that was low and outside but , bubba with his long arms had no problem stepping into it with his unblemished branch .
the royal couple had moved to the south branch of the y - span , to its arcing summit .
she pulled the neck of her shirt down to reveal smooth skin , tattooed branches , and enough cl**vage to make my mouth go dry .
the branches of her tattoo blended in with those and looked like an extension of the bodice .
at the far end of the hall , he observed a woman descending the left branch of the grand stairway that split from a wide landing .
but she was moving , descending the left branch of the stair , so gracefully , reminding him of the swans on the serpentine back in london .
her stomach had been smooth and dark when they 'd made love , but now it was covered in pale branches of scars .
critiquing the choice of tea was practically an olive branch as far as zhang was concerned .
she threaded her fingers through his dark hair and pressed wet kisses along the branches of his tattoo .
the tips of several bare branches of his tree tattoo peeked out from under his left sleeve .
grabbing two forks , i hold one out to him like an olive branch .