he could also make out the alluring scent of her perfume .
he could also make out the alluring scent of her perfume .
it was the one scent that did n't remind him of jade since she never used it .
i drew her in for a cuddle and to sniff the morning scent of her skin .
his musky scent fills my nose and my mind begins to swim .
he smells amazing - a heady mixture of fresh shower combined with the very personal scent of his package .
i can taste the latex of the condom we just used , mixed with both of our own scents .
a soft wash of her signature chanel perfume brings back a million memories of tense family gatherings and etiquette lessons .
the moist air caused the traffic pollution to mix with the scents of the restaurants and the other odors that were distinctly city oriented to hover in the air , pressing down on the occupants as if it were a heavy blanket with no hope of relenting any time soon .
she loved the satiny feel of him , the amazing texture and musky , male scent as she kissed and tasted his ridged stomach muscles .
she remembered that scent , remembered how much she 'd loved it .
she 'd always breathed in his cologne as soon as he 'd pulled her into his arms after a long absence and she 'd just close her eyes and savored the feeling of having his muscular arms wrapped around her , his scent filling her senses and the anticipation of him taking her into his bedroom and making love for the rest of the night .
she could n't look up at him , but she snuggled against him more , her nose pressed to his warm neck and smelling his wonderful scent .
she walked into her father 's cottage and dumped her overnight bag by the door , already feeling better once she smelled the macaroni and cheese scent wafting through his small home .
he stepped closer , his nose filling up with her soft , feminine scent .
` ` i like the ones that have a stronger scent , but you want the ones with the most vibrant color . ''
he shifted closer , enjoying her sweet scent and noticing that her fingers were trembling slightly .
he took a deep breath but there was so little space in this narrow hallway that he just breathed in the clean scent of ella .
` ` i had a nice night as well , '' he said and pulled her closer once again , breathing deeply of the soft , sweet , ` ` ella '' scent .
he leaned one hand against the wall , one large hand plastered over her head while he bent down low , breathing in her soft , feminine scent .
` ` just because i can '' t grow them , doesn '' t mean i don '' t appreciate their beauty and scent .
but controlled herself by burying her face in his neck , inhaling the male scent of him and teasing the lobe of his ear , just as he '' d done to her a few minutes ago .
sighing heavily , he stood up and inhaled the scent of her soft perfume .
sighing heavily , he stood up and inhaled the scent of her soft perfume .
` ` but ... .i really do n't want to be promoted , '' she said through stiff lips that could barely move from the fear caving in on her , the metallic taste of terror overwhelming the sandalwood and coffee scents that normally permeated this man 's office .
wrong idea , she thought as her head filled with his delicious , sexy scent and she had to concentrate hard to figure out what she was supposed to be doing .
when he smelled her scent , he almost could n't slow down .
instinctively , dana knew that this woman with her cloying perfume and perfectly styled hair , sophisticated makeup and all the mannerisms of a supremely confident woman , was ` ` the competition '' .
the horrible woman had broadcast her intentions loud and clear , shouting it with her body language and her cloying perfume .
despite her fear of him , her body reacted to his male scent .
what harm could there be in two people satisfying themselves with each other , he considered , walking up the stairs after her , smelling her unique perfume that had trailed behind her .
he was going to have to do something about it , he told himself as his body stirred to hardness just thinking about her wearing that interesting perfume , and nothing else .
the water felt perfect and she allowed herself to float carefree for a long time , just reveling in the luxury of the scents and silky feel of the water .
of all the wonderful scents that arrived , dani was more thrilled than anything when a bowl of strawberries was placed in front of her plate .
she asked , leaning her head against his chest in both defeat and the need to feel his warmth , smell his delicious scent just one more time .
she buried her face in his neck , breathing in his spicy scent .
reaching her , his steps slowed as he allowed the soft , feminine scent of her to waft into his nostrils .
it was n't perfume he smelled , but something much more subtle , more unidentifiable and therefore , much more alluring .
he was still holding her in his arms , her soft scent wafting to his nose and her hair tickling his chin .
` ` deal , '' he laughed , holding her close to him , his face buried in her hair as he breathed in her clean , fresh scent .
but no matter how many times she washed , she could still smell that wonderful , spicy scent .
the delicious scents of breakfast wafted to him and he signaled to his housekeeper that she could bring in their meal .
` ` thank you , '' she whispered after several minutes of just enjoying his heat and the wonderful scent of the man .
that wonderful , masculine , spicy scent had kept her up at night , causing her to think about how much she wanted to bury her nose in his neck , to inhale his scent deeply into her lungs and enjoy being surrounded by that spiciness .
that wonderful , masculine , spicy scent had kept her up at night , causing her to think about how much she wanted to bury her nose in his neck , to inhale his scent deeply into her lungs and enjoy being surrounded by that spiciness .
the male scent of sweat and leather , the softness of the blanket and hard , lumpy ground beneath her skin , blue sky and sunshine peeking between far overhead boughs all merged together in a blinding flash of heat and light as she swept over the edge of desire and into the abyss of ecstacy .
she drank in his familiar scent and closed her eyes .
he could still smell traces of her shampoo , despite the exertions of the day , and it was a clean , feminine scent that stirred animal lust within him .
she unbraided her hair , washed it thoroughly , enjoying the spring scent of the hotel shampoo .
he smelled of soap and man and outdoors , a scent that filled her with an unnamed longing .
the fresh floral scent of her shampoo teased his senses .
there was just jake - the strength of his arms , the scent of his soap , the clear intent behind his kisses .
he could listen to her breathing and smell the scent of her soap .
he could smell the citrus scent of her shampoo , and feel her fingers wrapped around his bicep .
tried to stay immune to his familiar , sexy scent .
the breading made the cutlets cook to a golden brown and the smell filled the kitchen with a wonderful scent .
` ` this smells fantastic , '' he said , inhaling the scent of the two casseroles .
walking forward , he smelled her subtle perfume and gritted his teeth .
the spicy scent of his aftershave reached her and she fought hard against her longing for his incredible masculinity .
she loved the feel of his hardness and inhaled his sexy aftershave scent .
all of his clothes were gone and the only sign that she had n't just dreamed about the previous evening was the lingering , spicy scent of his aftershave on her pillow .
he pulled back at that moment and she breathed deeply of air that was n't scented with his spicy , masculine scent .
she could still smell his cologne and his male scent and she wanted to move closer , to run her fingers through his hair , to have his lips touch hers and feel his strong hands against her body once again .
but they stayed put , not moving even an inch even as her nose inhaled his masculine scent , noting his spicy aftershave and something that was just ... .male .
maybe it was the intoxicating scent of the candles , or maybe the way jett kept watching me full of anticipation , but in that instant a strange thought entered my head - completely unrelated , and partly frightening : oh , my god .
leaning against his hard body , i took a deep breath and smiled as his manly scent registered within my mind ; nothing in my life had ever smelled so good .
i inhaled the scent of his earthy aftershave and him - rich , smooth , edible , so mouthwateringly sexy that i wanted to take a bite of him .
as i bent forward , i smelled the faint scent of scotch and something else , and my heart began to pound in my chest .
together with his scent and the intensity of his touch , it was a heady combination .
she moved closer to me , until i could smell the scent of her perfume , sweet and dark - just like she was .
she moved closer to me , until i could smell the scent of her perfume , sweet and dark - just like she was .
leaning against his sculpted chest , it felt so good to be in his arms , smelling his scent , hearing the pounding of his heart .
he was so close i could smell his manly scent that screamed of power , tenacity and sexiness - of the intoxicating kind - and i realized it must be his scent that made it so hard to think clearly .
lowering myself onto the hard mat , i pulled him on top of me , breathing in the scent of his aftershave .
loud thunder echoed in the distance and i could n't help but inhale jett 's soothing scent as i recalled the poem about the rain and the tears .
i eased the coat over her slender body , letting my hands linger a second longer than needed , letting her subtle perfume engulf my senses .
i do n't know if it was cologne or a scent that was just uniquely logan but i wanted to bury my face in his shirt and take a deep breath so i could have a memory of it permanently stored in my olfactory senses .
his skin was still slick with sweat , and i was surrounded by the scent of him .
closing the distance between us , i wrapped my arms around him , resting my head against his broad back , breathing in his unique scent .
knowing i looked ridiculous , but figuring the silence would n't care , i slid the jacket on , letting the scent engulf me .
i 'd awoken this morning , and the first thing that had hit me was her flowery vanilla scent .
when growing up , most children usually attributed certain memories with scents -the intoxicating aroma of their mother 's homemade cookies , the way the house smelled after the freshly cut christmas tree was brought in .
the scent of blackberries and vanilla from her perfume filled my senses as she drifted past , leaving me dizzy , and i quickly followed .
the scent of blackberries and vanilla from her perfume filled my senses as she drifted past , leaving me dizzy , and i quickly followed .
the smell of oranges followed her , and i tried not to think about how much that scent affected me .
his scent filled the small space , and i felt like i was drowning in his woodsy , masculine essence .
shoe decision made , i shifted into hyperdrive and began throwing on bangle bracelets and a scarf before finishing everything off with a spritz of my favorite lavender perfume .
as her flowery scent brushed past me , it was then that i saw it - an indian floral design full of color and vibrancy running over her left shoulder and disappearing into the fabric of her dress .
i could smell the woodsy scent of his aftershave .
i spritzed a bit of perfume and grabbed a beaded handbag .
by the time i 'd finished spritzing lavender perfume in the air around me , the doorbell rang , marking the arrival of my very punctual date .
they 'd sat together around the conference table , so close that he could smell the light fragrance of her perfume .
as he stood at the door the fragrance of her perfume wafted toward him .
he followed the flowery scent , stepping into the sitting room celine shared with kylie , and walked over to the loveseat by the window .
it was a fresh , masculine scent that had her reeling .
for a while they walked in silence under the moonlight , breathing in the perfume of the frangipanis that lined the pathway and listening to the sounds of music and laughter in the distance .
she hugged her daughter close and buried her nose in the child 's neck , reveling in the tightness of her hug and the bubblegum scent of her hair .
he blinked then pulled out the chair for her and as she sat down his nostrils were filled with the seductive fragrance of her perfume .
he held the door open for her and as she stepped past , her perfume brought back memories of that first night they 'd dined together .
as she stepped by him he caught a fleeting whiff of her perfume - cool , crisp and sophisticated , just like she was .
yes , a tropical moon , because it had all seemed so surreal , with the distant chirps of crickets in the trees , the sound of the gentle breezes rustling the leaves overhead , the fragrant frangipanis filling the air with their perfume , and the soft twilight of the moon bathing their na**d bodies .
it was funny how she never realized she 'd fallen for him - like slip - on - the - ice , feet - flying - in - the - air , landing - on - your - back kind of fall - until she was too far away to touch him , feel his arms around her , draw in the woodsy scent of his cologne .
contented , solie drew in a deep breath , inhaling the seductive scents of sex and man .
she finished by spritzing her favorite perfume , estee lauder pleasures , behind her ears and along the column of her neck .
the earthy , sweet scent of his cologne filled her lungs .
the two climbed out of the car and were immediately hit by the wafting smell of bacon , garlic and simmering onions , along with many other scents like sage serving as undertones .
right away , she was enveloped in a warm pocket of air that was punctuated by the subtle scent of his cologne .
his hair reminded me of sunshine , his scent masculine and musky .
the blindfold heightened everything ; i could smell his delicious masculine scent , taste his kisses still on my lips , hear his excited breathing and the gentle slapping of our bodies colliding .
i loved the way his body felt against mine , his scent filling my nostrils as we both relaxed and found ourselves again .
she put on a light brushing of make - up and a spray of perfume , something she hardly did for work , but tonight was a special occasion .
he inhaled her scent , more sweet than musky and felt his c**k jump in his pants .
she pressed her nose into his throat and inhaled , taking in the scent of him .
his masculine scent made my knees feel weak , and my throat felt dry as he leaned over me , his eyes searching mine .
the masculine scent of his light cologne was exhilarating .
i could smell his cologne and the clean scent of his shampoo .
it was warm from his body and surrounded me with a scent that was only his .
it was a wonderful scent .
i put my head on his shoulder , breathing in the scent of him and letting it fill me .
his arms were wrapped tightly around me , his scent enveloping me with its deliciousness .
big windows were open to the night air , and i could already smell the scent of food wafting out of them .
the fish sputtered in the oil , giving the room the delicious scent of cooking herbs and spices .
i hurried into the restaurant and took a deep breath , inhaling the soothing scent of baking sugar and butter .
the first thing i noticed was n't the dark blue designer suit that fit him like a glove , or the way all his hair but one stray curl was smoothed back , or even the scent of his cologne ; no , it was that he looked tired .
` ` it will be a cold day in hell , '' i replied sweetly , stepping back and away from his intoxicating scent .
it was a clean , light scent that reminded me more of soap than cologne .
i still had my hand on his shoulder and i caught the scent of his soap again .
i pulled the cork from the wine bottle and inhaled the scent .
i opened my eyes , surprised at the new scent in my wine .
a cool breeze ruffled the filmy curtains , filling the room with the scent of water and night flowers .
i took a deep breath , enjoying the way the salty air of the ocean mixed with the clean scent of freshly watered tropical plants .
he was close enough that i could smell the clean scent of his shampoo and my fingers ached to run through his hair .
` ` this makes it worth missing , '' he whispered , nuzzling my hair and breathing in the scent of my shampoo .
i snuggled into his chest , closing my eyes and inhaling the scent of his skin .
i did n't have enough time to do much , so i just found my dress , a cute pair of heels , some mascara and a dot of perfume .
the way his five - o'clock shadow scratched my lips , how warm he was , the taste of his tongue , and the scent of his cologne .
he whispered in lorelei 's ear , taking the time to inhale her evocative scent .
intensity exuded from his body ; the scent of his aftershave drifted over her .
all that did was fill her head with his scent .
a faint scent of lavender floated on the air from two large pots at the top of the concrete stairs leading down to the lawn .
a whiff of her sultry scent wafted over him , further confusing his already - muddled mind .
involuntarily she inhaled deeply , her head swimming with his scent .
she stood so close , he was in danger of suffocating on her cloying perfume .
as quietly as she 'd arrived , sophia left , a light , lingering scent of fresh fruit and an odd tingle in his palm the only remnants of her appearance .
she smelled faintly of cucumbers and melon , a refreshing change from the sickly perfume most women of his acquaintance seemed to bathe in .
while she waited , she inhaled the smell of lemongrass and curry - the scent of adventure .
the second box contained a fabulous bouquet of red roses , which filled the room with a lovely scent .
the scent of a hundred homemade meals , cooked with love and attention , lingered in the air .
the scents of thousands of blossoms wafted up , surrounding her .
baskets of flowers filled the air with a sweet scent .
she leaned toward him and he inhaled her intoxicating perfume .
she did n't resist or stiffen , and he reveled in her scent , the feel of her in his arms .
she held luca 's pillow against her face for a moment to breathe in the sandalwood scent he wore .
heat radiated off luca , his scent enveloping her .
i love the scent of the flowers in the morning air .
a cloud of poison perfume enveloped her , an apt choice of scent given the wearer 's venomous personality .
a cloud of poison perfume enveloped her , an apt choice of scent given the wearer 's venomous personality .
the trailing roses were in full bloom and their delicate scent filled the air with perfume .
the trailing roses were in full bloom and their delicate scent filled the air with perfume .
he breathed deeply of her scent , burying his face in her hair , holding her tightly against him .
the scent of his woodsy aftershave , the timbre of his deep voice and the occasional brush of his arm against hers when he opened doors for her had charged every cell in her being with a restlessness she refused to define .
the feel of thin , downy - soft hair against her cheek , the steady beat of a heart beneath her ear and the scent of clean masculine skin assailed callie 's senses as she floated in the surreal world between sleep and wakefulness .
throughout the night he 'd lain with her in his arms , and with each tick of the clock her soft body and sweet womanly scent had increased the tension he 'd been fighting from the moment he 'd laid eyes on her .
the feel of crisp hair beneath her palm , the light woodsy scent of a man 's cologne and the sound of soft snores chased away the last traces of sleep and opening her eyes , she found herself face - to - face with luke .
the delicious masculine scent surrounding her as she buttoned the garment caused haley to feel warm all over .
but the feel of his strength surrounding her and the sexy scent of his woodsy aftershave assailing her senses made it hard to think of anything else .
the feel of hard masculine flesh pressed against her softer feminine skin , the scent of his woodsy cologne and the sound of his harsh breathing sent sparks skipping along every nerve in her body .
the heat from his touch branded her and the scent of his aftershave made her want him to hold her , kiss her and ... she swallowed hard .
the scent of her herbal shampoo and the feel of her softness beneath his hands sent heat coursing straight to the region south of his belt and his body 's reaction was not only predictable , it was inevitable .
she could smell the scent of his cologne and sense the depth of his passion for life .
i did n't put the jets on so i could load it up with bubbles and enjoy their fragrant relaxing scent .
he also bought bottles of water , twelve cans of air freshener , bug spray , and candles in every strong scent he could find .
the bedding was so soft and comfortable against his skin , and the scent was fresh , sweet , and clean .
her perfume was strong and suffocating .
emily 's bleached - out hair , heavy makeup , and raunchy perfume was getting to him .
as soon as he opened the door , the fresh scent that he 'd been missing filled his senses .
his scent still lingered in the room .
the flowers and their fresh scent surrounded them , the sun warmed their faces .
he bought plenty of flowers in his day , but he hated that scent on a woman , let alone himself .
after making several phone calls , he lay down on the sofa where emily had been , trying to recall her scent , her warmth , and sweet voice .
her lungs filled with the scent of him - warm man and spicy citrus .
he could smell the sweet , musky scent of her arousal , still taste her on his tongue .
` ` in fact , '' he murmured into her hair , breathing in the sweet scent , ` ` i can pretty much guarantee that by the end of the evening you 'll decide that sex with me is more than worth the risk . ''
besides , the scent of coffee drifted across from the steaming mug on the bedside table .
so close , she smelled the scent of his soap , the underlying warm , masculine smell she knew so well .
she strolled around the desk and came to a halt only inches away , so close he could breathe in the cloying scent of her perfume .
she strolled around the desk and came to a halt only inches away , so close he could breathe in the cloying scent of her perfume .
she was so close she could breathe in the unique scent of him , warm man and exotic aftershave , sharp and clean and familiar .
he breathed in the scent of her excitement , sweet and musky ; he bet she was drenched beneath that scrap of leather .
collapsing on top of him , she buried her face in the curve of his neck , breathed in the tangy scent of sweat and sex .
he breathed in the warm , musky scent of her .
dani shuffled onto the terrace , following the scent of fresh coffee .
the sun was low in the sky but still warm , and the scent of flowers filled the air .
he smelled faintly of sweat - not unpleasant - mingled with the sharp , exotic scent of expensive aftershave , and he seemed to exude heat until she felt it would scorch her if their bodies actually touched .
as she breathed in the rich scent , the rest of the tension drained away .
her face rested in the curve where the satin skin of his shoulder met his throat , and she inhaled deeply , filling her nostrils with his warm , masculine scent .
the warm night air wrapped around her , enveloping her in the sweet scent of jasmine .
as the scent filled her nostrils , a warm , heavy weight began to build low down in her belly .
she breathed in the unique scent of zach and allowed his closeness and the smooth movement of the vehicle to lull her into sleep .
... dani was alone when she awoke the following morning , though the scent of him still lingered on the pillow .
she shifted , her stance widening and he breathed in the hot scent of excited woman .
her perfume , sweet and sharp , swirled in the air , filling his nostrils .
` ` i still hear certain songs and they take me back to that summer , scents , places in the city ... '' he said softly .
` ` dinner was very nice , '' she said anxiously and glanced up at her apartment , feeling the cold air on her cheeks and ignoring the scent of garlic and onions on david 's breath .
as he collapsed , he pulled her to him , burying his face against in her neck and reveling in the amazing scent of this woman who had taken him to a place he 'd never experienced before .
` ` lana , if you do n't help me , i wo n't be able to go slowly , '' he growled against her neck , the sweet scent of her hair teasing his nostrils .
it was just a note or a cup of coffee , sometimes a single flower but whatever it was , it made her smile as she read the words or took in the delicate scent of the rose he thoughtfully left for her .
the ideas were more detailed , the scents and smells more powerful .
you survive in a way that is comfortable for you , '' he said , leaning down and kissing her neck , breathing in her fresh scent , the orange blossoms blooming in her hair and felt cleansed .
when he finally let her up for air , lana laughed and buried her face in his chest , loving the spicy scent of him .
all she knew was that she could smell his scent and feel the heat of his body .
he could smell her arousal and the scent of her created a throbbing need in him that he could no longer avoid .
when she leaned in to hear him , he knew that she was concentrating on the phone and not how close he was , so he moved closer , enjoying the flowery scent of her hair and her skin .
he 'd missed home and his sisters , his parents and all the wonderful scents that were co - mingled with his life here in tasain .
her stomach muscles tightened as his male scent drifted to her nostrils , making her head swim in an inappropriate way .
when he smelled her scent , he could n't resist going lower , wanting to taste as well as smell .
another waiter arrived and placed a beautifully prepared meal in front of her and jade relaxed as the delicious scents rose up to greet her .
she did n't see him move , but the air was continuously filled with his spicy male scent and she could n't even turn her head away to break that intoxicating scent from filling her lungs .
she did n't see him move , but the air was continuously filled with his spicy male scent and she could n't even turn her head away to break that intoxicating scent from filling her lungs .
` ` ah , but your lovely perfume was just too much of an allure to hold back . ''
she wanted it so badly , she could almost taste the sudden tension in the air and she sucked in some air , wanting to clear her mind but all she got was more of his scent .
it helped that he liked her soft perfume and the strawberry smell of her shampoo .
` ` i ' m sorry , jules , '' he said and moved closer , not touching her , but standing close enough to smell her soft perfume and the flowery scent of her hair .
` ` i ' m sorry , jules , '' he said and moved closer , not touching her , but standing close enough to smell her soft perfume and the flowery scent of her hair .
when she reached the table , he already had the chair pulled out for her and he enjoyed the soft scent of her as she gracefully took her seat .
her perfume was n't heavy or cloying , but a subtle , flowery smell that wafted around him .
a barely there scent that made him think of sex and freshness .
she pulled the edges of his coat closer around her and rolled her eyes even while she enjoyed the warmth left from his body and the masculine scent she refused to accept that she now enjoyed .
those moments were wonderful and each time , she almost snuggled closer to his strong , muscular chest , inhaling his spicy cologne and his enticing , masculine scent .
she loved the scent of his cologne that wrapped around her on all sides from the fabric .
in addition to the flowers , there was the cloying smell of the women 's perfume .
the need to pull her close , hold her , touch her soft , golden hair with his hands and smell her sweet scent was almost too much to bear .
faucet to the large tub that looked more like a mini pool than a bathtub , then added bubbles and lavender scent .
helen asked , wanting to escape the woman 's cloying perfume and irritating manner .
sinking into the bubble bath filled with soft , lavender scents , she closed her eyes , placing the towel under her head that he 'd rolled up and left on the edge of the bath .
he leaned forward , so close she could smell his cologne and inhaled , loving the scent of him as much as his touch and his smile .
he cleared his throat and leaned forward , disgusted with his body that was reacting to her perfume and that damn smile of hers .
she took a deep breath , but that was a mistake because her whole body tingled with the reaction of his male scent filling her lungs .
so instead of speaking , he pulled her close and buried his face in her neck , breathing in her soft , sweet scent and telling her with actions that he would love her back just as fiercely .
the softness of her lips , the flowery scent of her hair and the feel of her skin under his hands as he held her head still for his caress , they all combined to undo him completely .
the one kiss deepened , her mouth opened to taste him , to feel his tongue and to touch him with her own and dante 's control was lost in the sweet scent of this woman who went up into flames right along with him .
he 'd moved out of their suite when she 'd left , not wanting to be surrounded by anything she might have left behind , not to mention the flowery scent he 'd loved so much about her .
in the end , she smelled the delicious scents of the buffet style breakfast and her stomach growled , making up her mind for her .
but there was n't a man who was breathing who would n't want this seductress with her animated brown eyes and her long hair that floated around him just like her flowery scent .
` ` there 's wine already opened , '' riasa said as she walked into the formal living room amid a cloud of thick , obnoxious perfume .
he pulled her into his arms and buried his face in her hair , inhaling her soft scent that had always made him want her , no matter where they were .
he took another step closer to her , his nostrils filling up with the sweet scent of her .
it was a scent he remembered so well .
he could n't let himself be distracted by her beauty and her scent .
she 'd been a distraction before all of this but seeing her now , smelling her soft , delicate , feminine scent , he was having a hard time controlling his need to pick her up , toss her over his shoulder and carry her into her bedroom .
why was n't he remembering that right now instead of trying to move closer and smell that soft , rose scent of hers ?
the smaller confines of his black sedan did n't let any of her delicate scent dissipate so he felt surrounded by her .
the scent of the roses made her turn her head to see where the beautiful scent was coming from .
the scent of the roses made her turn her head to see where the beautiful scent was coming from .
they were absolutely beautiful , and each one was perfect , filling the room with a sweet perfume .
when she stepped into her apartment , she was overwhelmed with the scent of roses .
emma gasped at the imagery he built in those two sentences , her body already primed from thinking about him all day long and now , with the scent of the flowers filling her mind , she was definitely going to have trouble now .
he took a deep breath , trying to calm down and understand what he could do to make her grasp the issues here , but that deep breath only brought her scent into his nostrils , flaring his senses and filling him up with the essence of her femininity .
the only pause was when she sipped her raspberry flavored cappuccino when the delicious scent of the coffee momentarily broke through her focus .
the delicious scents wafting through the rooms was heavenly and she was thrilled when the manager handed them each a cup of warm tea .
claire smiled as she brought them into her kitchen , the wonderful rose scent filling the small area and lightening her mood enormously .
he closed his eyes and breathed in her scent , burying his face in her neck .
but when he lifted the silver top on the platter , the delicious scent that wafted up to her nose had her sitting up straight and investigating .
the table was now set with candles and covered plates , and yet another absolutely wonderful scent drifted to her as she stepped out onto the patio stones .
` ` good afternoon , adele , '' she called out , poking her head into the kitchen and enjoying the warm , enticing scents wafting from the room .
moxie remembered her scent and her gentle touch , her soft words and slowly moved forward , touching darcy 's hand with his wet nose .
stepping back , she looked down and took a deep breath , but his scent , that spicy , masculine deliciously ` ` marco '' scent invaded her mind .
stepping back , she looked down and took a deep breath , but his scent , that spicy , masculine deliciously ` ` marco '' scent invaded her mind .
when his lips took over hers , she could n't resist the allure of his scent any longer .
just stating the truth , '' he said and moved even closer , smelling her soft , subtle perfume .
the women he normally dated preferred the heavier , more cloying scents and he never realized how much he disliked them until he had an alternative .
he knew she wanted more space , but there was just something about this woman that drew him closer , wanting to smell her soft , feminine scent and examine her expressive , chocolate colored eyes .
she did n't answer , just popped the tablet into her mouth and swallowed , then curled back up , pressing her nose against his neck and inhaling his strong , masculine scent filled with his spicy aftershave .
kissing her thighs , her stomach , breathing in her scent he grinned in anticipation .
in the end , he accepted that it felt good to just have her close , to smell that incredible , honeysuckle perfume , and listen to her soft breathing .
every once in a while , he dreamed that he was walking through the forest , surrounded by honeysuckle and he breathed in the scent , enjoying the calming effect it had on his pain .
something in his brain caught her perfume and he knew he 'd smelled that scent before , but he could n't place it .
something in his brain caught her perfume and he knew he 'd smelled that scent before , but he could n't place it .
if it were up to him , he would have pushed her back , pressing her up onto her desk and then he could bend down and kiss her neck , smell that perfume again .
when he pulled into an underground parking garage , she was relieved to be able to step out of the vehicle and breathe in air that was n't saturated with his spicy , male scent .
there was that perfume again .
when she realized what she was doing , she relaxed her hold , but then brought the shirt up to her face , breathing in the clean , wonderful scent .
` ` you 'll smell like me and i ' m pretty into your soft , feminine scent .
he bent forward , inhaling her fresh scent but she smelled like his own soap .
but he thought back to the other times he 'd held her in his arms , that familiar scent that he 'd never been able to place .
i tried so often to be awake the next time you came to visit , but i only remember your perfume . ''
i did n't know what it was at the time , but i just remembered the honeysuckle scent .
gritting his teeth , he prepared himself for her closeness , for her subtle , flowery perfume that had haunted him for so many nights .
max had been concentrating on the discussion , quickly taking notes on the margins of the report but with her mouth so close to his ear , all he wanted to do was kiss her sexy lips that were definitely not business - like and smell her incredibly alluring perfume .
he asked , stepping quickly out of her way as she reached down for her purse , but he got a whiff of her perfume and it just made him angrier .
he wanted to spend the evening with her , smell her perfume and run his fingers through her silky hair .
there were about five different silver covered dishes but the most overwhelming scent was the coffee .
if she stitched him up , he could spend a few more minutes in her company , looking at her soft skin , her breasts that his palms itched to hold and feel and smell her soft , tempting scent .
sidra 's pregnancy has caused her to have a severe reaction to the scent of coffee so he 'd banned it from their honeymoon .
he was glad she was now feeling something besides anger towards him because being near her like this , smelling her soft , pretty scent , was driving him crazy with the need to get her all to himself and show her just how much he wanted to touch her .
he could n't believe it when she opened for him automatically and he smelled her soft , sexy scent .
she was concentrating on the strategy when she heard the bells over the door ring and in walked a beautiful blond with a cloud of heavy perfume .
she needed space and fresh air , or at least air that was n't filled with this man 's spicy , male scent .
she did n't even care that it smelled stuffy and dusty as long as it did n't have that intoxicating male scent .
he stopped moving , assuming she was in the shower already but there was only silence and her soft , sweet perfume still in the air and on his sheets .
he asked , bending down so he could smell her hair and the soft scent of her perfume .
he asked , bending down so he could smell her hair and the soft scent of her perfume .
once off , he lifted the scrap of material to his face , inhaling her soft perfume .
he seemed to be noting what she wore each day , if she wore perfume , when she left the conference room and , until she came back with whatever data or file she had been pulling , his eyes strayed to the conference room doors , waiting to see her walk back in .
there were other times he had to lean over her chair to read something on her computer screen and she could smell his aftershave , the scent tingling her nose .
but each time he got close to her , smelled her soft perfume , touched her porcelain skin , he wanted more .
as soon as sal 's lips touched hers , the restaurant , the cheering patrons and the delicious scents of the sizzling steaks ceased to exist .
as soon as the elevator opened , a gorgeous , tall blond glided out , leaving a trail of heavy perfume behind her .
the blond , apparently called debra , leaned down and gave sal an air kiss , engulfing their table in heavy perfume .
he also liked sitting next to her , smelling the fresh scent of her hair and looking down into her pretty green eyes even if they looked like they were about to spill over to tears .
the rose smell seemed to be concentrated in this area and he sniffed the air , wanting to absorb more of the scent .
` ` with that perfume , i ' m imagining that she 's a hot little red - head just itching to have me sweep her off her feet , '' he laughed .
her perfume was very subtle , barely there even , but smelled of lilac and vanilla .
his masculine scent surrounded her and his long leg was almost touching hers in the tiny , powerful car .
his body reacted immediately to her scent and her obvious need for him .
everything was cooked perfectly and was laid out so artistically , kate was loathe to take a bite until the scent wafted to her nose .
her scent seduced and enslaved him the moment she came to his den .
her scent alone made domenico want to just f**k misty into oblivion , f**k her hard until they both lost themselves in the pleasure of it .
i tense even more when he lifts a lock of my hair , and then i feel close to fainting when he brings it to his lips , closing his eyes as if savoring the scent .
` ` so good , '' he says with something like reverence just before inhaling my scent again .
he inhales my scent .
it 's because of your scent , the alluring curves of your body , the feel of your skin - it 's the whole package . ''
but if she failed -- - if she failed then domenico make love to her the entire night until she was permanently branded by his scent and she 'd never forget who she belonged to ever again .
he loved her scent and could n't get enough of it , smiling when his wife did his best not to wriggle , knowing that misty was still adjusting to his newly discovered fondness for expressing his affection for her even in public .
there was a light scent of seawater in the air and the sound of distant waves lapping against the shore lent a rhythmic beat to the evening .
domenico went back to the hotel suite , her scent still strong in the room , a scent he had craved for so long .
domenico went back to the hotel suite , her scent still strong in the room , a scent he had craved for so long .
lysander carefully pulled misty close into his embrace , inhaling the scent of her hair .
this close to domenico , his familiar scent wrapped itself around her .
this near , his familiar scent wrapped itself around her , and it was all she could do not to pull him down so she could , well , sniff him like a lyccan .
inside his room , domenico knew the moment misty started to cry , the sound and scent of her tears easily reaching him and twisting his heart into pieces .
` ` it does n't stop me from worrying , '' he muttered against her hair , inhaling her scent and using it to calm himself .
encountering the surprised gazes of housemaids and bellhops made saffi flush red , and she quickly tucked her face in the crook of his neck , closing her eyes , and inhaling his scent .
he had taken a shower during their flight , and the fresh scent of his shampoo just made her more eager to find out what it would be like to have staffan make love to her .
staffan sucked harder and longer at her flesh , loving the wetness and scent of saffi 's sex as her screams filled the room .
with each word that came out of his mouth , it beckoned his listeners to come closer , to inhale his scent , to reach out and feel the impossible hardness of his body .
in the darkness of the theater , his scent - which had a hint of spiciness from his cologne - weaved a seductive spell that literally had me shaking in an effort not to be the first one to touch him .
once outside , the smell of brine hit him , clearing his head of overpowering perfumes and colognes .
smiling he rolled over , reaching for amber , but all he found was her scent and the depression her head had left in the pillow beside him .
he sifted his fingers through them , breathing in the coconut scent that always accompanied her .
kissing the side of her neck , he breathed in her coconut scent .
her coconut scent reached him before she did .
breathing in her coconut scent did n't help things .
the subtle scent of honeysuckle drifted toward him and for a moment she reminded him of the woman who haunted his dreams .
she could n't help what scent she wore .
his scent , his taste intoxicating .
leaning closer , he breathed in the honeysuckle scent of her .
the honeysuckle scent of her silky hair teased him , threatening to bring back the memories of another woman and another goodbye .
he held her closer and breathed in her familiar scent .
his scent stole over her , arousing her further , but no matter how much she wiggled against him he would n't increase the steady rhythm he 'd set .
the scent of night blooming jasmine drifted to him , displacing the odor of violence .
the night sky had been saturated with stars , the breeze with her perfume .
the clean , male scent of his body invaded her senses his golden hair was dark where it was still damp from his shower .
familiar scents of rosemary , lemon verbena , and honeysuckle inundated her , settling her nerves .
the scent of jasmine filled his senses and for a moment he belonged to her .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of his crisp aftershave .
leaves rustled and the scent of jasmine drifted to him , filling his senses .
her scent was all around him , taunting and tempting .
rose wanted to crawl in there with him , breathe in the scent of sasha 's ridiculously expensive cologne .
she breathed in ivy 's sweet baby scent and ignored her sister 's barb .
he had the insane notion to sweep her hair aside and drink in the jasmine perfume she wore behind her ears .
she closed her eyes in the near darkness and breathed in his male scent , wanting to weep at the false sense of comfort his body gave her .
curls slipped through his fingers as he rinsed her hair , a sweet flowery scent replacing the smell of smoke and despair .
she snuggled against him , her familiar baby scent making his heart turn over .
sebastian 's memories of his only two face - to - face meetings with daisy washed over him , drowning him in her taste and scent .
the wind gently blew , her scent of vanilla and honey reaching him .
daisy scooted by , the scent of honey and vanilla hitting him .
they both grew quiet and he was content just to ride with her , breath in the scent of vanilla and honey that she had n't changed , unlike her hair .
the scent of him , all male , all expensive cologne and all ... sebastian seemed to wrap around her .
he breathed her in , honey and vanilla mixed in the flowery scent of her shampoo .
then she rose , in a cloud of sweet - smelling perfume and designer silk , and left before sebastian arrived at daisy 's side with her water .
daisy rushed in the room , bringing her vanilla and honey scent with her .
the scent of sea breezes and cut grass washed over him , reminding him of summer .
unlike rose , she did n't immediately grab the scent she knew would complement the customer , because she preferred the customer to come to their own conclusions - with a little guidance , of course .
exiting the building , dandelion puffs floated in front of her , carrying with them the scent of freshly cut grass .
gabriel 's scent washed over her before he reached her , but this time it did n't give her comfort .
she shook her head in answer , sending the scent of flowers washing over him .
the perfume she 'd worn on each of their dates stole over him as he parked his truck in the driveway .
water lapped at the edges of the small beach , fireflies danced in the yard , and the heady scent of gardenias swirled around her .
her scent was as intoxicating as her taste .
all she wanted to do was sit here , while breathing in his expensive cologne and male scent .
instead , she leaned against him and he breathed in her flowery scent .
the scent of rosemary filled the little house by the bay a few hours later .
` ` funny guy , '' she whispered , planting a kiss on top of his head and inhaling the sweet , clean scent of him .
simon nodded to himself and followed the sound and the amazing scents in the air to the kitchen .
how had she gotten through her day without the scent of baby shampoo and the soft warmth of a tiny body to hold ?
now , as she leaned over beside him to slide a wet washcloth over nathan 's head , he inhaled and drew her light , floral scent into his lungs .
the baby was n't there , but the echo of him remained in the smell of powder and some indefinable scent that was pure baby .
a blend of his aftershave and soap , it was a scent that called to her , made her remember lying beneath him , staring up into his eyes as they flashed with passion .
the scent of paint hung in the air despite the two opened windows .
the scent of her perfume drifted up to him and colored his mind with memories .
the scent of her perfume drifted up to him and colored his mind with memories .
the floors were tile , the waiters were all in white aprons and the scents filling the air were amazing .
an occasional burst of laughter rang out , and the scent of coffee and hamburgers hung in the air .
the familiar scents of horses , straw and leather combined to welcome him and he sighed in gratitude .
trees were everywhere , and the scent of pine flavored every breath .
the honey - colored logs looked warm and inviting , the scent of pine was pervasive , and the two people on the porch were both watching her .
he drew her scent in deep and felt her permeate every cell in his body .
she was opening the front door and the sound and scent of a driving rain sneaked across the threshold .
their scent rose up into the air and twisted with the ever - present aroma of pines .
bookcases stood on either side of the wood - burning stove and there was a scent of lemon polish still hovering in the air .
her perfume reached for him , flavoring every breath with the taste of her .
the last time he was here , it had been summer and the flower beds were crowded with color and scent .
her eyes were wide and gleaming with suspicion , and , strangely enough , that did n't do a damn thing to mitigate the attraction he felt as he drew in a breath that carried her scent deep into his lungs .
the sun was hot and bright and the scent of the sea greeted them the moment he and jenna stepped out on deck .
he had no interest in the fact that her dark blond hair looked like spilled honey as it flowed down over her shoulders and he really was n't noticing her scent or the way it seemed to waft its way to him on the slightest breeze .
narrower , cobblestoned side streets spilled off the bigger avenues and from there came the tantalizing scents of frying onions , spices and grilling meat .
his touch , his scent filled her , overwhelming her with a desire that was so much more than she 'd once felt for him .
he drew a breath and savored her scent .
folding the first load of laundry for the day , jenna paused to inhale the soft , clean scent of their pajamas before stacking them one on top of the other .
and seeing her first thing in the morning , smelling the floral scent of her shampoo , watching her sigh over that first sip of coffee was another kind of torture .
more flowerbeds followed the line of the house , with roses and tall spires of pastel - colored stocks scenting the air with a heady perfume .
he took a step closer and caught the delicious scent of her .
a slight breeze ruffled the curtains and carried with it the scents of roses and columbine from the garden just below her bedroom .
a flag waved in the center of town square , moms with strollers sat on benches , laughing at toddlers wobbling around on the grass , and the scent of fresh bread baking drifted through the bakery 's open door .
roses sent their perfume into the air , and columbine and larkspur dipped and swayed brilliantly colored heads in the soft wind off the ocean .
the dinner had been catered by a restaurant in town , and the tantalizing spices and scents of mexican food hovered in the noisy air .
he took a slow , deep breath and drew her scent of jasmine deep into his lungs .
her incredible hair fluffed out around her head as she lay back on the pillows , and he could think only about burying his face in the mass of curls , inhaling her scent , taking the tenderness she offered so openly .
and wrapped in her tenderness , filled with her scent , hunter dropped into a dreamless sleep .
the scent of jasmine was so thick in the air that he drew it into his lungs with every breath , as if she were surrounding him .
clusters of spring flowers made for bright splashes of color , and their scents mingled with the delicious aromas coming from the kitchen as the catering crew ran up and down the long hallway to the ballroom .
he lowered his nose to her hair and took in the scent of her shampoo - apple .
as he drew closer to her the smell of her perfume drifted up to his nose and spurred his arousal .
her scent - sweet roses - drifted to his nose as she leaned into him and their lips met .
he would never admit it to anyone , not even katrina , but he loved the relaxing feel of a warm bath and the lavender scent .
the heady perfume of leather and blake 's signature aroma annihilated my nostrils .
spritzing my favorite perfume , my phone buzzed as if on cue .
a whiff of his scent sent my body into a lustful frenzy .
i took the pillow he slept on last night and inhaled his scent , lemons and the smell of his intoxicating skin .
her perfume was heady and i wanted to get away .
i nuzzled the back of his neck , inhaling his scent like a starved woman .
her scent lingered everywhere in my room and i ' m not ready to step in there knowing full well i wo n't recover if i do .
leaving my dark wavy hair down , few pumps of my coco mademoiselle perfume and gathered my clutch purse .
he made me feel safe and his scent reminded me of home .
i remembered smelling him after he surfed in malibu the entire afternoon and the scent of the beach he carried with him .
i pulled her silken robe to my nostrils and inhaled her scent .
his personal delicious scent enveloped my already hot and screaming senses .
` ` mr . knightly , '' she greeted , kissing me on both cheeks , making me aware of her perfume that reminded me so much of raw mating .
my everything , i spoke as i wrapped my arms around her , lips trailing kisses around her soft neck , groaning when i smelled her scent .
surrounded with candles , the intoxicating scent of amber and roses filled the air .
my arms hung onto her as i breathed her in , expelling the pain in my chest with something as light as her scent .
keisha 's breath caught , but not before she inhaled his scent , a teasing mix of sandalwood , fresh snow , and dangerous destiny .
the woodsy scent of pine and the pungent smell of red oak were heaviest with a hint of walnut floating underneath .
her arms tangled around his neck , ensnaring him in her sensual almond scent and scattering every intelligent thought in his head .
her almond scent surrounded him , binding him to her with the strength of a thick rope .
her chest tightened , but not before she inhaled gabe 's sandalwood scent clinging to the wool coat .
seeing him in the dim light , sinfully hot , so close she smelled the woodsy - pine scent of him ... any woman 's mind would wander into forbidden territory .
he inhaled the scent of her hair , her skin .
then her mind went numb , all attention focused on the warm , delicious scents wafting from inside .
she recognized his scent of ginger - spice and pine permeating the air .
that was until the tantalizing scents of dinner received a standing ovation from her stomach .
the scents of clean linen and lilac enfolded her .
as she neared the designer glass partition separating the lobby from the elevators , the heavy scent of gardenias nearly knocked her over backward .
like an over - worn perfume , the sticky - sweet scent no longer reduced her to a knee - weakened puddle .
air - conditioning pumped constantly , cooling the temperature - the vibration hum of static electricity and the stale chill scent of free - on cooling the space at a constant set temperature .
trey entered , and the scent of vanilla and peaches greeted him .
closing his eyes , trey inhaled her scent of peppermint and peaches .
her scent filled his senses and made him light - headed with need .
the scent of perspiration and incense heightened her arousal .
his scent surrounded her , a mingling of sweat , spiced cologne and sexual heat .
the room 's scent reminded her of the lavender and thyme incense from the yoga studio , with an added earthy undertone that made her think of rain dripping from leaves in a forest .
when he approached her desk and handed her a portable usb drive , he carried with him the scents of sun - warmed leather and summer wind .
her soothing scent of peppermint and peaches calmed him .
the scent of lilies and organ music filled the air , and an old anxiety flared in her chest .
he liked the smell of the earth after rain : dense , musky , a cornucopia of steeped leaves and dirt tea , a scent of mystery and a new beginning .
her scent permeated the air and he could n't resist tasting her luxurious juices .
the scent disappeared as he swept around the table , but it left me intoxicated and i blinked at him as though i were slightly drunk .
my lips silenced his and i tasted the alcohol swirling in his mouth and the smell of his hair that was uniquely his , clouding around me like perfume .
i hugged him , inhaling his scent and wanting more .
the scent of her cheap perfume lingered long after she 'd gone and snuffed out the more pleasing aroma of the fresh grilled panini julian had dined on for lunch .
a sweet soft scent , one that reminded him of lavender , invaded his senses .
soren came in and the mild scent of turkey filled the cabin .
smelling the faint citrus scent of his aftershave , she settled into the chair next to him .
while daffodils and snow drops were in full bloom behind their table , camille recognized the scent of jasmine lingering in the air .
the citrus scent of his cologne intoxicated her .
the scent from the roses called to him .
the sweet scent of lavender overwhelmed him , but he did n't find it nearly as offensive as madeleine 's perfume .
the sweet scent of lavender overwhelmed him , but he did n't find it nearly as offensive as madeleine 's perfume .
the scent reminded her of orange blossoms .
he drew a deep breath , the sweet scent of her perfume - the dior he 'd bought her - invaded his senses .
he drew a deep breath , the sweet scent of her perfume - the dior he 'd bought her - invaded his senses .
the sweet scent of cognac followed the smoke as it floated about the room .
to this day , the scent lingered in his memories .
in the spring the scent was lovely .
not only was it standard procedure for him to join her out here , but his cologne with its slight citrus scent gave away his presence .
they never tired of taking in the rainbow of colors and scents .
inside , she smelled the sweet scent of his imported cigars .
shielding her eyes behind the shades , she relaxed enough to enjoy the cool morning breeze blowing in from the ocean , bringing with it the scent of the honeysuckle lining the edge of the property .
she pulled open hang ten 's door , and a cool breeze wafted past her , carrying with it the scent of hamburgers and barbeque .
the delicious scent of freshly cooked bacon had him looking up and smiling at margaret as she entered the sunroom where he always ate breakfast and lunch when he was home .
the scent of roses teased her awake .
her last thought before she fell asleep again was about the roses whose scent had sweetened her awakening .
so was the tangy scent of his after - shave lotion in the close confinement of the car .
several times he leaned over her to point out a place in the printing on the screen , thrusting his bare forearm right in front of her eyes , making her overwhelmingly aware of male flesh and muscle ... and the long supple fingers ... and the warmth of his breath near her ear ... and the scent of his strong masculinity .
at the slight clatter of china on the glass surface of the table - or maybe it was the strong scent of the steaming hot coffee - she did turn , finally acknowledging his efforts to please her with a dry little smile .
quin breathed in the wonderfully exotic scent - the sweet smell of hope .
quin closed his eyes again , breathing in her scent , savouring the taste of her , wishing he could hold her close , ruefully accepting it would be unwise , given his present condition .
with a heavy sigh , she dropped her head onto his shoulder , hiding her face against his neck , breathing in the scent of him , wishing they belonged together in every sense .
he instantly brushed his mouth over the top of her hair , murmuring , ` ` amy , i ' ve got to tell you that scent you wear is extremely stimulating . ''
she was n't wearing any scent .
erin relaxed into the contoured leather seat , telling herself to enjoy the ride in a sports convertible , the sense of being open to the night , air rushing past , ruffling her hair , the sights and scents of the city much sharper than from a closed car .
it was a beautiful cloudless night , stars twinkling above the far horizon , a crescent moon shining brightly , a light breeze wafting the salty scent of the sea , the rhythmic roar of waves rushing onto the beach and withdrawing .
he rubbed his cheek against the black silk of her hair , breathed in the heady scent of her .
the perfume flooded up from what had to be at least two dozen roses , a random selection of many varieties and colours .
as she stepped into the cherokee , he caught a whiff of perfume , a musky scent that instantly stirred erotic thoughts .
as she stepped into the cherokee , he caught a whiff of perfume , a musky scent that instantly stirred erotic thoughts .
she opened the glass doors , crossed the colonnaded walkway and leaned against the stone wall , breathing in the salty scent of the sea and watching the shifting colour of sky and water as the sun set .
she held him to her , filling all her senses with him , smelling the musky scent of after - sex , listening to his ragged breathing , feeling the thumping beat of his heart , seeing the glisten of sweat on his skin , loving the intimacy of it all .
' mmm ... exotic perfume , too , ' he murmured close to her ear , making it tingle with the waft of his breath .
' white diamonds , ' she told him , glad that jennifer had insisted on dabbing some of the expensive scent on her .
he could smell her perfume , enticingly erotic .
` ` just relax , sally , '' he instructed , and it was so nice simply to do as she was told , dropping her head onto his shoulder , her face pressing close to the strong column of his neck , breathing in the heady male scent of him - cologne , shampoo ... she did n't know what but he smelled good .
no towels left on the floor , no toiletries sprawled over the vanity bench in the bathroom where she could still smell the lingering scent of his aftershave cologne , which undoubtedly occupied a shelf in the mirrored cupboard above the vanity bench .
it was incredibly heady stuff and she nestled her face against his throat , breathing in the intoxicating male scent of him .
the sway of her hips , the fullness of her breasts impacting with their lush femininity , the scent of her skin and hair ... everything about her was firing up his desire to have her surrender to him .
she breathed in the slightly spicy scent of his cologne .
the citrusy scent reminds me of fairy washing up liquid .
with complicated scents that delicately tease and a distinctively smooth taste that slides down my throat , the wine is truly splendid .
my nose hovers over the crook of her neck and finds the faint but familiar scent of her perfume .
my nose hovers over the crook of her neck and finds the faint but familiar scent of her perfume .
but it will not have the lana bloom scent , ' i say daringly .
' the lana bloom scent .
until we are inches apart and the scent of him invades my senses .
the memory of her perfume drifts past me .
i fall gratefully into it ; it smells of her hairspray and perfume .
i smelt her perfume on you . '
i breathe in the scent .
i breathe in the scent of him , and feel again that passionate desire to be one with him .
i am bodily lifted and held close to his body , the scent of him assailing my senses .
sometimes i would even fantasize that a group of men come , all colors and scents , to use my body while i am lying there .
i take a deep breath , let the scent of green apples filtering out of the air freshener plug - in fill my lungs , before i go to my bedside drawer .
bring it to my nose and inhale the faint scent deeply .
his shallow breathing is in my ear , his scent , the warmth of his hard body pressed against mine ... all mingled together to send a warm glow of arousal to spread in the pit of my belly .
from the open door comes the perfume of honeysuckle .
in dying they gasp out their sweetest scents .
they mix with the oily scent of the candles .
his scent is different : he is as fragrant as the hot sand .
i breathe in the familiar scent of him and his newly shampooed hair .
his scent is like a sweet mist around me .
his scent is sun ripened and heady .
i kiss her on the forehead , breathe in the scent of her , to fortify me on the most difficult day of my life .
the perfume is disconcertingly familiar .
eight the rich scent of alfredo sauce was beginning to fill the kitchen , but keira was hungry for something other than food .
yet ... everytime he heard her breathe , or caught a whiff of her scent , all he wanted to do was carry her back upstairs and bury himself inside her .
wrapping his arms tight around her waist , he bent his head to the curve of her neck and inhaled her scent , drawing his first easy breath since the day she 'd walked out of the lodge and out of his life .
nope , the only scent she picked up was soap and man .
the scent of her mother 's sauce spilled from the kitchen and wrapped itself around gina like a warm hug .
the white sheers hanging there fluttered and swayed seductively in a soft wind and the scent of desert sage wafted into the room .
she bounced once , then settled back against the backdrop of pillows , a lavender scent drifting to her like a lost memory of summer .
the wind slid into the room , and the scent of sage melded with the scent of their heated bodies and the bloom of sex .
the wind slid into the room , and the scent of sage melded with the scent of their heated bodies and the bloom of sex .
and when she moved into him , he kept telling himself that , even as he inhaled her scent , drawing it deep inside him .
he came closer and the scent of him , soap and male , drifted to her and seemed to coil in the pit of her stomach .
she took a breath , hoping to steady herself , but all she succeeded in doing was dragging more of that scent deeper inside .
smell the sweet , slightly citrus scent of her skin .
soup simmered on the stove , filling the air with the scents of beef and oregano .
the mingled scents of horses , fresh hay and old wood made an almost comforting aroma .
a cool breeze blew in from the nearby ocean and carried both the scent of the sea and the fragrance of the tropical flowers that surrounded this amazing hotel .
the sounds and scents of the resort town were overwhelming .
the scent of something delicious wafted out of the diner and his stomach grumbled in response .
at night , he lost himself in the feel of her , the scent of her , the eagerness she expressed when he touched her .
he inhaled sharply and took in the scent of lemons and vanilla .
the air was scented with perfume and rocked with laughter and eager conversations .
he 'd awakened to find himself alone and if the scent of lavender had n't still been clinging to his skin , if he had n't found a pair of white lace panties on the living room floor , he might have convinced himself that the hours with his mystery woman had never happened .
scooping the baby out of her chair , she cuddled her close , burying her face in the curve of mia 's neck to inhale that soft scent that was so completely mia .
moving in close to her , he looked down into her eyes , inhaled the scent of lavender that clung to her and said , ` ` we can do this one of two ways .
casey dreamed of him and in that dream , she caught his scent and inhaled deeply .
why the scent of her still clung to him .
the scent of coffee and perfume hung in the air and from outside came the shouts and laughter of the crowd gathered to watch the photo shoot .
the spicy scent of the flowers filled the sultry night air and rushed into her lungs as she inhaled sharply with her first sight of him .
he took a breath , inhaling the fresh , clean scent of her , then reached out and skimmed his fingers through her thick , soft hair .
the scent of hot dogs and beer wafted over the noisy crowd and seagulls shrieked in accompaniment .
the spicy scent of chrysanthemums planted along the back fence filled the air , and jesse took a deep breath , drawing it deep , knowing that he would always associate that scent with this night .
the spicy scent of chrysanthemums planted along the back fence filled the air , and jesse took a deep breath , drawing it deep , knowing that he would always associate that scent with this night .
she was gone a moment later , leaving a trail of expensive perfume behind her .
he dipped his head , inhaled the soft , flowery scent of her and held it inside as long as he could .
the scent of her was dizzying .
only because he knew if he got close enough to inhale her scent , he 'd be lost again .
her scent wafted to him like the scent of wildflowers on a summer wind .
her scent wafted to him like the scent of wildflowers on a summer wind .
he heard her laughing with mrs . carey , smelled her perfume in every room of the house and caught her playing with her son on several occasions .
into the air , where her perfume would get lost in the wind rather than clinging to every breath he took .
the mingled aromas of hay and leather and cow mingled together in the vast barn and somehow made a soothing sort of scent .
the perfume of the roses was thicker the farther they went into the garden , and she inhaled deeply , dragging that scent into her lungs .
the perfume of the roses was thicker the farther they went into the garden , and she inhaled deeply , dragging that scent into her lungs .
soon , maggie knew , the garden would be bursting with color and scent .
the scent of freshly cut flowers hung in the air , and the only sounds were those made by her hungry son as he devoted himself to his snack .
her scent rose up to greet him , and the soft fall of her hair against his skin felt like silk .
it was a bright , cheery room , with dozens of cabinets , miles of countertop and the comforting scent of homemade soup bubbling on the stove .
scowling , he glanced around the hallway and noted that the cobalt blue vase held a huge bouquet of roses , their scent spilling through the entryway .
when she was standing right in front of him , he inhaled , drawing her scent into his body as if taking all of her in .
her scent drifted to him and the heat of her body called to him - and justice could only think he 'd never been less interested in going anywhere .
with maura beside him in the car , her scent seemed to wrap itself around him , taunting him , arousing him to the point where simply sitting still became an act of torture .
her every breath dusted his skin and the scent of her hair was in every lungful of air he claimed .
jefferson stepped into the warmth of the pub and paused a moment to enjoy the glow of the fire in the hearth and the rich scents of beer and some kind of stew simmering in the kitchen .
the scent of her drifted to him and he inhaled it deeply .
he sniffed at the mingled scents of hay and wet sheep .
i ' ve a terrible temper , i know , but it 's just that i hurt so badly and i wanted you to be as miserable as i was feeling , '' she whispered into the curve of his neck , inhaling his scent , feeling the hard , solid strength of him pressed against her .
her scent drifted to him from across the cooking island .
the scent of pine drifted to him on a soft breeze slipping beneath the partially opened window and he scowled .
while delectable scents filled the air , she turned to the stove and stirred the pot of soup .
the sound of her breathy voice and the faint , lemony scent that clung to her .
and was it that important , his mind taunted as he savored the scents filling the brightly lit kitchen .
the scent of the soup wafted up to him and tanner breathed deep , reaching for his napkin and soupspoon .
scarred wooden floors , pale peach walls and the scent , as always , of evergreens .
and even when she was n't actually in the house , her scent lingered , the thoughtful touches she 'd left in her wake remained .
tanner took a deep breath of that warm , citrusy scent and forced his gaze to the screen .
he was so caught up in what they were creating together that when she leaned in close again , he almost avoided getting lost in her scent again .
the scent of evergreen filled her head and wrapped her in a familiar sense of comfort .
the scent of the pines filled every breath and even in the heat of summer , he got the draw .
her scent flooded him and tanner gave himself up to the fantasy of having her at his mercy , na**d and writhing .
he caught her scent and thought nothing in the world had ever smelled better than whatever the hell it was she used to wash her hair .
the scent in the room was overwhelming and the brilliant splashes of color were a feast for the eyes .
the chocolate cake ivy had made still sat in the middle of the table , its scent wafting to him every time he got close .
and even with all that had happened , even with the rush of anger still churning inside him , he could n't help wishing that instead of chocolate , he could smell that flowery citrus scent of ivy 's .
rafe inhaled her scent and lost himself in the glory of her .
the scents of vanilla , cinnamon and chocolate filled her car and made katie smile in spite of the fact that she was running on about three hours sleep .
and he smelled even better , with the scent of soap from his morning shower still clinging to his skin .
the scents of cinnamon , vanilla and chocolate surrounded her , giving her a sense of peace that actually went nowhere toward calming her .
he inhaled the scent of her and smiled as cinnamon and vanilla surrounded him .
and the only reason rose was standing here , driving him insane with her soft scent of lemons , was that lucas was going to use her to get back at the man who had betrayed him .
the sound of her laugh and the fresh , lemony scent of her .
had n't expected her taste to enflame him or for the scent of lemons that clung to her to drive into his mind and cloud up his thoughts .
her scent drifted to him , and lucas 's body hardened to the point of pain .
she stirred a big pot of beef - and - barley soup and took a deep breath of the amazing scents wafting into the air .
lifting it to her face , she inhaled the scent of him and let pangs of regret and disappointment rush through her .
the lights in the kitchen were bright against the dark , and the scent of the bubbling soup welcomed them into the room .
caught traces of her scent in his kitchen and every time he lay down on his bed , he wanted to reach out and find her there .
the walls were covered in framed posters and a few family photos and the scent of something amazing was coming from the kitchen .
the heavy , cloying scent of too much beer hit her like a wave on the next breeze .
her scent filled him and lucas gave into the need that had been plaguing him for days .
a wail of jazz piped down through overhead speakers and the scent of fresh coffee and doughnuts washed over her in welcome .
the trade winds ruffled through the leaves of the trees and the scent of night - blooming jasmine had wrapped itself around her and still , she could n't find any peace .
tears filled her eyes again as she hugged her grandfather and breathed in his familiar scent of pipe tobacco and peppermint .
the heavy scent of jasmine drifted to them and overhead , the moon was bright , dazzling in the sky .
she turned her face into the wind and inhaled the salty sea air and the thick , intoxicating scent of the flowering vines along the road .
the sun shone down on the whole scene like a blessing and sean inhaled the flower - stained scent of the sea .
a cool wind rustled the trees and lifted the scent of the neatly trimmed rosebushes into the air .
she leaned in closer and he could smell the soft , flowery scent of her shampoo .
the feel of her skin , the taste of her mouth , the scent of her , surrounding him .
their thick scent wafted to them now , and alex took a deep breath , letting the familiar become a salve to her wounded pride .
he woke up with her every morning , his arms wrapped around her as she snuggled in close , allowing him to take in the scent of her peach shampoo with every breath .
that breathing was disappointing because her peach scent did n't flavor every breath .
inhaling the soft , sweet scent of him , she heard herself say , ` ` we 'll see ... '' eleven life in a palace had its perks .
behind him , closer to the palace , was a hedge maze and a rose garden that filled the air with amazing scents .
the sunlight was bright , the sky a brilliant blue and a soft breeze carried the scent of tropical flowers as it lifted her hair off her neck .
her scent was the same , too , faintly floral with a hint of summer nights .
there was a stone patio out there , surrounded by so many different varieties of flowers it took the breath away even as it urged you to breathe deeply , to savor the scents and tastes on the wind .
black tablecloths , candles on every table , the flames flickering in the soft wind drifting in through the opened windows that allowed the scent of flowers to wash over the room .
the scent of her filled his lungs and made waking both pleasure and agony .
he snorted , but the tension in him eased a bit as the trade winds continued to rush past them , carrying the scents of flowers and the sea with them .
now that she was here , in front of him , smelling so good , he drew in breath after breath just to taste her scent ... rico did n't want to wait even the length of time it would take to get to the bedroom .
there was a bakery , and the scent of cinnamon wafted through its open door to tempt pedestrians .
burying his face in the curve of her neck , he inhaled her scent and dragged it so deep inside him he would never take another breath without tasting her on it .
the taste of her mouth , the scent of her skin .
she went first to one , then the other , planting kisses and inhaling that wonderful baby scent that clung to each of them .
the faint trace of her flowery scent seemed to hang on the air , flavoring every breath he drew .
the scent of whatever she was cooking reached him again and jericho 's stomach rumbled in appreciation , but he was n't about to be seduced by a pot of soup .
steam rushed up , carrying an amazing scent .
layers of pine needles cushioned the ground and sent up a fresh scent every time she took a step .
the scent of the soup filled the air and jericho could admit at least to himself that he was relieved she 'd brought along provisions for tonight .
her scent clung to the air of the main house .
close enough that he caught the ripe peach scent of the shampoo she preferred .
one whiff of her scent , one touch of her hand could have him hard as iron and as eager as a teenager in the backseat of a car .
he dipped his head , buried his face in the curve of her neck and inhaled her scent as if he were taking one long , last breath .
as she walked , she stopped now and then to gaze around her with older , more appreciative eyes , and to savor the scent of late summer wildflowers and fresh clover .
chapter twelve the morning of the picnic dawned brilliant blue , with a fresh cool breeze that carried the scent of fall .
inside the tiny , dimly lit shop an odd array of medicinal scents mingled with the odors of herbs , over which there was the pervading sting of ammonia salts .
her pulse stirred as the faint scent of his spicy cologne touched her nostrils , and she hastily turned her head to concentrate on the lovely fall landscape moving past .
she even recognized the elusive , tangy scent of his cologne .
his senses were alive to the elusive perfumed scent of her , to the light touch of her fingertips .
a faint scent of whitney 's perfume lingered there .
surrounded by summer wildflowers and the scent of fresh grass , she rocked back and forth , crying until her throat ached and her words were only a croaking whispered chant .
when he reappeared on the fifth day , he reeked of perfume and whiskey .
seated beside her in his box at the theatre he 'd paid scant attention to the performance on stage , and then it was only to find fault with the actors , the musicians , the stage setting , and the perfume worn by the elderly dowager in the next box .
stephen turned , intending to give her the scathing reply she deserved , but she flung herself against his chest , all soft , entreating woman , drugging his senses with the sudden familiar scent and feel of her .
the scent of lavender rising from her bath suddenly made him remember her bold ultimatum about helene - an ultimatum with which he 'd already complied .
she stood there , feeling awkward and helplessly aware of her lack of knowledge - a situation that might not have occurred had the maid not poured handfuls of lavender scent into her bathwater .
i mean , is there any perfume in the world that can compare with the smell of burning leaves ? ''
perfumes were one of the highest profit items in a department store , and being given the exclusive right in a city to introduce an important new scent was a coup .
he was inordinately tired , and he leaned his aching neck against the back of the seat , trying to ignore the faint scent of meredith 's soft perfume that lingered in the car .
he was inordinately tired , and he leaned his aching neck against the back of the seat , trying to ignore the faint scent of meredith 's soft perfume that lingered in the car .
he still remembered exactly the way they filled his hands , the softness of her skin , the tautness of her nipples , the scent ... annoyed with the persistent sexual direction his thoughts were suddenly taking , he tried to tell himself it was merely the natural , appreciative reaction of any male who was confronted by a female who had the alluring ability to look both innocent and seductive in a simple sweater and slacks .
if you 'll go to bed with me tonight , '' he continued , losing himself in the scent of her perfume and the softness of her skin , ` ` i 'll give you the world .
if you 'll go to bed with me tonight , '' he continued , losing himself in the scent of her perfume and the softness of her skin , ` ` i 'll give you the world .
they closed around her , wrapping julie in the scent of carnations and the silent promise of a whole lifetime filled with good - night kisses and shared laughter .
chapter four surrounded by aprivate garden filled with the scent of blooming jasmine and frangipani , kate donovan stood on the terrace of the villa that evan had reserved for them at the island club and gazed at a scene that looked very much like a slice of paradise .
a gardener directed her to where the cows were kept , and victoria walked into the spotless barn , her nose tickled by the scent of sweet - smelling hay .
` ` no need to announce us , northrup , '' said a firm voice , and a stout woman sailed into the salon , trailed by puce satin skirts , heavy perfume , and a lovely brunette about victoria 's age .
down in the valley on her left and in the woods on her right , spring flowers had burst into bloom , filling her eyes and nose with their rainbow colors and delicious scent .
irritably , she bent and plucked a lovely pink rose and raised it to her nose , inhaling its scent , then she began absently snapping the petals off , one by one , her thoughts in a turmoil .
` ` you ' ve decided that , merely because i do n't happen to think wet dirt smells like perfume ? ''
carrying it over to the wardrobe to hang it inside , she rubbed her cheek against the soft superfine fabric , inhaling the faint scent of jordan 's spicy cologne , then she put it away .
the instant alexandra stepped inside , she noticed the faint , achingly familiar scent of jordan 's spicy cologne , the same scent that had clung to his smoothly shaven jaw and chin when she had fallen asleep in his arms at night .
the instant alexandra stepped inside , she noticed the faint , achingly familiar scent of jordan 's spicy cologne , the same scent that had clung to his smoothly shaven jaw and chin when she had fallen asleep in his arms at night .
a few minutes later , however , the combined distraction of her nearness and the scent of her delicate perfume became too potent to ignore .
a few minutes later , however , the combined distraction of her nearness and the scent of her delicate perfume became too potent to ignore .
` ` besides , '' she continued , leaning up and pressing an apologetic kiss on his cheek - loving the tangy scent of his cologne , ` ` i usually enjoy the bookwork .
not too close - just close enough that i catch a whisper of that delicious scent that belongs distinctly to him .
the slightest scent of some pricey cologne clung to the fabric , and she felt as if she was being embraced by him .
` ` you look incredible , '' he murmured against the side of her neck inhaling the light scent of the vanilla shampoo she favored .
the beam from her flashlight bounced off the rock walls as the familiar scent of the basement enveloped her .
large male hands instantly gripped her shoulders to steady her , and the scent of pricey cologne mixed with sweat tickled her nose .
she asked inhaling the familiar scent of the hospital .
the scent of several dozen flowers placed around the yacht filled the air .
and judging by the cinnamon scent filling the kitchen , beth had baked something that morning .
as he did he caught the slightest smell of her perfume .
sitting so close to sara with her perfume teasing his nose destroyed most of his concentration .
next to him sara leaned toward him , her perfume teasing his overloaded senses even further .
the scent of her perfume teased his senses as she wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned against him .
the scent of her perfume teased his senses as she wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned against him .
the scent of freshly cooked bacon and cinnamon greeted him when he entered the gourmet kitchen .
the scent of something chocolaty added to the homey feeling .
the thought made no sense because the penthouse apartment consisted of more square footage than her own home , but thanks to shelia wentworth 's overpowering perfume , she 'd felt starved of air .
with the exception of the nausea caused by sheila 's perfume , she felt relaxed , if not somewhat bored with the other women 's conversation .
the scent of brewed coffee and breakfast pulled him down the short hallway into the kitchen .
the scent of the grilled burger and melted cheese made his stomach rumble .
his mind and body registered everything from the feel of her next to him , to the root beer that lingered on her breath , mixed with the scent of her favorite perfume .
his mind and body registered everything from the feel of her next to him , to the root beer that lingered on her breath , mixed with the scent of her favorite perfume .
the scent of nate 's shampoo and soap filled her senses , and she pushed the pillow off the bed .
the scent of coffee still lingered in the air .
without stopping , trent typed out a message as he walked toward the bakery , the scent of the pastries and espresso already making his stomach rumble and he had n't even stepped inside yet .
she raised the calzone toward her mouth , the scent of oregano teasing her nose .
she walked past him into his office , the scent of his musky aftershave teasing her .
not a single cobweb or speck of dust showed on the light fixtures and the barest scent of sandalwood permeated the air .
she inhaled the scent of them , her eyes drifting closed .
the scent of burning word drifted around her as she watched the flickering flames dance on the water 's surface .
i was close enough to smell his cologne ; it was a sweet smell mixed with his own glorious body 's scent .
i was comforted by his scent and his strong grip around me .
he stood in front of me , and i could n't help but move in closer and inhale his scent .
i could n't resist his smile and his scent .
it had a clean citrus scent .
his bare chest felt warm , and his scent drew me in .
his scent was so sweet and his body so strong i felt safe and warm with him .
i took in his oh - so - familiar lingering scent , allowing myself to savor this moment , not sure how long it would last , but knowing that it would eventually have to end .
i miss your scent ... your lips ... your touch ... the way your hair falls against your face ... the way you smile ...
i closed my eyes when i inhaled the freshly brewed coffee : my second most favorite scent in the world .
his scent hit me like a ton of bricks .
the scent of his bath soap from his freshly taken shower mixed with his cologne .
her sweet scent , the way she felt underneath my touch , her lips , everything about her made me go wild for her and only her .
his dark hair still damp from a fresh shower and his powerful , luxurious scent weakened my knees .
the scent of her perfume heightened my senses .
the scent of her perfume heightened my senses .
the fresh scent of her hair drove me insane .
i was intoxicated by her beauty , her scent , and , most of all , the love in those eyes for me .
i could n't help the growl that escaped at the scent of her perfume , the feel of the tug as she gripped into my hair , and the way her body molded into mine - as if we were meant for one another in every way possible .
i could n't help the growl that escaped at the scent of her perfume , the feel of the tug as she gripped into my hair , and the way her body molded into mine - as if we were meant for one another in every way possible .
her sweet scent eased me into a soothing trance .
with the tight embrace and the whiff of the musky scent of his cologne , there was a warm feeling about him that gave me a sense of comfort .
the minty taste of the toothpaste , the scent of her body soap , and the way my cock felt inside of her as she slammed her hips down into mine drove me in - fucking - sane .
i knew it was her by the scent of her perfume even before my eyes flashed open .
i knew it was her by the scent of her perfume even before my eyes flashed open .
the scent of lavender filled the room , making it feel like a sanctuary .
lou dug his nose in my ear and wildly sniffed in the scent of my shampoo .
his breathing sounds louder and his scent stronger , so masculine .
after i leave the hotel and i ' m closed up in my car with her scent , the only thing i can smell is that damn sweet , floral fragrance .
i use his masculine products to wash my hair and body and i remember the way these scents mix with his skin to create the most intoxicating essence .
her scent is intoxicating and i ' m positive it 's impossible to ever get enough of it .
the bristle of his beard , the texture of his skin , the taste and scent of him tingled on her flesh , soaked into her senses .
he roared inwardly at his senses as the feel and scent of her turned his insides to molten lava , his loins to rock .
i remember those in technicolor , frame by frame , each accompanied by sounds and scents and sensations .
french doors were draped in gauzy powder - blue curtains that undulated in the twilight sea breeze , wafting scents of salt and freshness with each billow .
he remained above her , arms surrounding her head , thighs imprisoning hers , vibrating as the sight , the scent and sounds of her surrender pulverized his intentions to be infinitely slow and gentle .
she hooked her arm through his , inhaled his hormone - stimulating scent .
she felt fareed all over , his scent clinging to her lungs , caressing her senses .
the power and profundity of his kiss , his feel and scent , and his taste ... his taste ...
suddenly her scent carried to him even over the tanginess of the open sea .
the feel of the smooth , tough skin on hers , the masculinity and power and that scent that was all him inundating her , almost making her pass out with the pressure of sensations ... too much !
she gasped when the sweet - spicy scent of ood , his land 's most valued incense , hit her .
the last things malek remembered before he surrendered to exhaustion was soaking up janaan 's softness and warmth , filling his lungs with her scent and feeling his every nerve humming with the pleasure of her nearness .
she breathed in his scent , absorbed his steadying power , her mind racing to process the opacities pinpointing hemorrhage and diffuse tissue swelling .
he spent his days going insane , her scent filling his lungs , her voice ringing in his ears , her eyes and smile emblazoned on his retinas .
now , as she opened her eyes to find herself draped in an ethereal cocoon of gossamer curtains cascading from a golden frame , and felt herself drowning in the luxurious depths of sheerest white and softest cotton , drenched in nerve - tingling spicy scents , warmth and mellow sunlight , she remembered why .
the scent of maleness and protectiveness , fiery and clean and musky .
just as she screamed again , he slid two fingers between the velvet slickness of her exquisite folds , spreading them , getting drunk with the scent of her arousal , the evidence of her love and dependence .
it screeched down her lungs , riding a scent of intoxication , the musk of tension , virility and desire .
smell , soaking in the scent of virility and vigor .
as if to savor her father 's feel , inhale his scent , absorb his power and protection .
he stared after her , his body throbbing , his nostrils flaring on her lingering scent .
heavy breathing and slow heartbeats echoed from the end of a long tunnel as the scent of sex and satisfaction flooded her lungs .
` ` and this ... '' he lowered his head , buried his face in her breasts , inhaled the scent that had been haunting him , then opened stinging lips over one nipple after the other , nipping through her blouse and bra .
she picked him up , hugged his warm , resilient body to her heart , inhaled his beloved scent as she kissed his downy cheeks , cooing good - morning to him and soft chastisements about being in too much of a hurry to leave his infancy behind .
he growled with unbearable stimulation , with humility , slid two fingers between the satin slickness of her exquisite folds , spreading them , getting high on the scent of her arousal , the evidence of her desire and feminine nectar .
she did , gasped it , ` ` farah ... '' his sharp intake of breath felt as if it tore into her own lungs , flooding her with his scent .
at the scents of food mixed with that of virility .
pleasure rained all over her from warm , gentle caresses , spiced with the scent of maleness , accentuated by the rumbles of cosseting .
just as she cried out again , he slid two fingers between the velvet slickness of her exquisite folds , spreading them , getting drunk with the scent of her arousal , the evidence of her desire and dependence made nectar .
that night , vincent had been so close to me i could smell the masculine scent of whiskey and spice from his clothes .
this close to him , i could smell his unique scent underneath the cologne and feel his body heat .
the warm water and fragrant scents had an immediate effect on my nerves .
his scent was different than usual but the signature spice was present and had its usual effect on me all the same .
i enjoyed the soft feel of his mouth and his surprisingly fresh masculine scent .
i smelled the mouthwatering scent before i saw it .
his distinctive masculine scent was becoming familiar , which was both comforting and a major turn on .
i leaned close to him , breathing in the sharp scent of his cologne .
i missed his spicy scent but just seeing him still had a strong effect .
it was like the spicy scent i loved to smell on vincent but stronger .
a familiar spicy scent tickled my nose and i realized vincent was holding me in his arms tight against his chest , his calm breaths against the back of my shoulder and the morning breeze a feathery touch to my skin .
i curled up into him , kissing his neck , inhaling his scent into my lungs .
the spicy scent tickled my nostrils as well as other parts of my body .
feeling the heat of his skin and smelling his fresh masculine scent , i did what i wanted to do the moment i first saw him half - naked in this apartment : i kissed the soft skin of his hard pecs .
i slipped it on , zipped it up , and took a moment to inhale his manly scent lingering in the fabric .
i blushed and curled into his chest , inhaling his masculine scent .
i rested my face on his shoulder , inhaling his scent .
his natural scent washed over me in a quick wave , causing my skin to flush .
the mix of his sweat and natural scent that i had gotten a brief hint of earlier now hung in the air , and it drove me crazy with need for him .
this close to him , i could still smell his scent .
i could smell his scent even underneath the salty water .
the scent of his sweat was like an aphrodisiac , warping my senses until all i could think about was the sweat of our bodies tangled together .
i could smell him - an earthy , rich , testosterone - loaded scent that was intoxicating .
i 'd never seen his sparkling black eyes so intense as he leaned toward me , so close that i could catch his masculine scent .
his scent filled my mind , and my eyes ran slowly over his taut , tanned skin .
the room smelled of him - a rich , earthy scent i could n't get enough of .
i clutched my pillow close as the room went black , realizing that jax 's earthy scent lingered on it .
as he left me to take the stage , i got a whiff of his raw , earthy scent , and my brained scrambled .
the dish in the center was a little larger than the others , and when he took the cover off , i smelled something , an earthy scent that reminded me somehow of jax .
a strange scent hit my nose and i sniffed the air .
instead , he inhaled and closed his eyes , savoring the scent in the air between us .
he had cologne on of some sort and his clothes had a clean scent , but all i could register was man .
the memory clung to me like expensive cologne that loses its scent until a breeze stirs it up again .
either way , i let myself linger in his touch , in his scent , in his embrace .
it was hard to get a breath , and when i did , all i could smell was him - half real , half remembered scents of sandalwood cologne , sweat , and sex .
a whiff of apples caught on the breeze , a scent he 'd learned to recognize as maddie 's .
he decided to shoot for eleven , filling his time with a light dinner in his room while he ran lines , followed by a shower to scrub his makeup and the lingering scent of heather wainwright from his body .
it was all - consuming , her pent - up desire met with his , and she was immediately lost in his touch , his taste , his scent of sweat and makeup and campfire .
and then she was gone , leaving him with her scent in his nose and a hard - on in his pants .
she leaned back into the momentary closeness of him , inhaling the musky scent of micah - a mixture of his aftershave and body wash and his own unique aroma .
just the faint cling of her apple scent that seemed to be everywhere - in the bed sheets , in the closet , in the air .
and maybe he 'd have to whack off a few times to get her lush lips and orange blossom scent out of his head , but he would n't be the first guy to pleasure himself with heather wainwright on the brain .
her mother passed out drunk on the beat - up loveseat they 'd covered with a ratty mustard - colored quilt , her father buzzed from coke , smelling like old food and sweat - the scent he always bore after finishing his shift as a dishwasher for a local restaurant .
his scent , a mixture of soap and sweat and cedar , wafted from his skin , making her weak in the knees .
he rolled off the bed and let out a frustrated sigh , her scent still on his breath causing him to let out another .
she settled into him , and he breathed in her orange scent mixed with the piney fragrance of the outdoors .
he stroked her hair , taking it all in - every scent , every sensation , absorbing it into every fiber of his being , letting it hold him in a state of dreamlike peace .
when my vision cleared and my brain returned , i found hudson holding me , whispering at my ear , my scent wafting off his lips .
my belly tightened in response to his scent .
it smelled fresh and familiar - was that the scent celia wore ?
i inhaled his unique scent as i bent forward , eager as always to take him into my mouth .
she popped another bubble , the watermelon scent wafting to me .
he poured a dab of soap into his hand from my cherry blossom body wash - a new favorite scent of mine - and worked it into my skin with deep massaging strokes .
i breathed him in - the scent of his soap and aftershave filled me with a soothing balm .
i nuzzled into his neck , breathing in his scent and warm words , hoping they 'd envelope me in calm .
also , i was sniffing for women 's perfume .
the only scent i came up with was the usual hudson smell that tended to set my pheromones on overdrive .
and his arms felt strange and his scent was wrong .
i opened it and breathed in the scent .
it lingered in the air , not just his scent , but the warmth of him .
if i went in there now , would the scent of clean hudson still be lingering from his morning shower ?
the scent soothed me , calmed me .
she snuggles into my arms and i bury my head in her neck , breathing in the scent of her .
she leans toward me , the scent of her too - strong designer perfume pervading my space .
she leans toward me , the scent of her too - strong designer perfume pervading my space .
her scent is shampoo and bodywash and sweet musk - none of those flowery perfumes cover up her natural aroma .
her scent is shampoo and bodywash and sweet musk - none of those flowery perfumes cover up her natural aroma .
the heady scent of him , the sensual knowledge of his touch , the unholy eroticism of his kiss wiped away six years without having to try hard , and as her arms lifted up and around his neck she marked her surrender to him with a pained little moan .
as they spun , she breathed in his soapy scent , amused by the hint of floral bouquet from his roommate 's shampoo .
something musky and earthy - his personal scent .
the slow billow of the shower curtain , the water against her skin , the scent of dylan still in her hair - michaela could n't help but imagine him crushed into the shower with her .
michaela inhaled the scent of sea air , tropical blossoms , and rich green forest and smiled .
i noticed that he had a very nice scent - spicy , with a trace of mint .
i breathed in his spicy scent and i felt drugged too to be honest .
the scent was supposed to relax you .
so much for the scent of eucalyptus oil .
then i breathed in deeply to enjoy his familiar spicy scent .
i rubbed a little oil onto my skin , spritzed perfume between my br**sts , put on some fresh lipstick and tousled my hair to make it sort of wild .
` ` what 's that perfume you 're wearing ? ''
` ` i could smell your perfume in here after you left the other night and it drove me nuts all the way home . ''
i like your perfume , by the way . ''
i read that scent affects the oldest part of the brain , the limbic system .
` ` the scent of these candles is jasmine , '' i went on .
` ` and you find that even more arousing than my perfume ? ''
worse than the outfit , though , a cloud of pungent perfume surrounded her .
` ` lily , i ca n't bear that horrible perfume any longer .
in this confined space , i was surrounded by the scent of armani code and guy soap and guy .
a hint of her perfume lingered in the air as lexi began the intricate task of outsmarting the copy machine .
everything about him was attractive - from the way his lush red lips moved ever so slightly as he followed the words across the paper to the exotic , spicy scent of his cologne .
the woman reeked of perfume .
spectacular floral arrangements adorned the center of each table ; the scent from the roses filled the room , welcoming the guests as they arrived .
purple hyacinths spilled from the vase , the deep colored blooms filling the area with their rich scent .
vincent forced himself to be a gentleman and keep his eyes on the paper , but he could n't stop the way his body reacted to her perfume , to the heat from her body , or the way he wanted to touch her .
the scent of his cologne now made her knees weak , taking her right back to that cool leather couch where all she could smell and feel was vincent .
as soon as she found his face in the crowd , she paused and then put on her best aloof , screw - you attitude and refused to break eye contact with him until she was standing right beside the table , her perfume swirling in the air all around him .
even after all these years , her scent still drove me crazy .
i kept shaking my head because i kept smelling the scent of roses .
it was the scent that a woman would wear .
the wind blew lightly and the faint scent of roses swept across me .
the same scent that was on my shirt from last night .
her smile and her scent stayed with me and i thought about her for the rest of the day .
her scent was driving me insane and i started to get a hard - on .
i took a shower , got dressed , ran down the stairs , and followed the amazing scent of french toast and coffee .
chapter 29 i opened my eyes and took in the scent of roses that i loved so much on amelia .
there was nothing worse than a woman working out with heavy make - up and jewelry jangling with every movement while heavily doused in perfume .
i breathed in his scent and gave him a quick kiss on his neck , wrapping an arm around his waist .
i breathed in jackson 's warm scent , feeling happy and secure .
i felt powerless as i swayed with him , the scent of him filling my senses as the warmth of his body enveloped me .
sitting in the corner was a bottle of all - natural bubble bath in a lavender scent .
a clean , fresh scent with a touch of musk .
the water was warm and the scent of jasmine and lavender filled the air .
his scent engulfed me as he stood in front of me , with his fingers inside , alternating between circles and a steady in and out movement .
i stuck my nose in the flowers and took in their amazing scent , then picked up my phone to send ian a text message .
i looked at the flowers that were displayed beautifully and smiled as i took in their scent .
chapter 16 i wrapped my arms around him and took in his scent .
his clean shaven scent was alluring and his warm breath on my skin was enough to arouse me .
the way he wore his black suit with a white shirt underneath that was left partially unbuttoned , showing a hint of his taut chest , made me want to forget the party and just make love to him all night , not to mention the scent of ralph lauren that poured from him seduced me .
since the day you left , i ' ve slept in your bed because it smells like you , and i miss your scent .
her scent was now embedded in my bed and this was where she belonged ; not in the room down the hall or even in the room next door .
he buried his face in my neck and took a deep breath , absorbing my scent .
i watched as he closed his eyes and took a deep breath in , soaking in my scent , and i blushed in reaction to the intimate gesture .
i had mentioned to jack that his tuxedo smelled like perfume that was n't mine , which seemed to have caused him to not only change as soon as we got in , but to shower as well .
i can still smell her perfume on my shirt .
` ` next time , bellezza helwa ... next time i 'll take hours ... days to worship you ... but this time ... this time ... '' he threw her down , and she could only moan as she sank into the luxury of silk sheets and his scent , anticipation becoming agony as their clothes disappeared under the force of his impatience .
each word jolted through her , coating her lungs with his scent , his potency .
the sight of dewy chicken and vivid vegetables and the scent of spices she could n't guess at knotted her stomach with hunger .
she felt his thoughts possessing her , his breath on her lips , his scent filling her lungs , his heat , his fingers , his tongue ... a wave of longing rushed through her , seemingly ripping things inside her as it rippled out .
he rode her hard , felt her folds clinging to him , wringing him , her scent intensifying with her pleasure , her cries sharpening , lengthening , until they became one long wail interrupted by tearing intakes of breath .
scent , bypassing his smell to overload on the mixture of frankincense and musk , burning candles and night air laden with sea salt and jasmine and a hundred flowers and fruits .
now , by just looking at him , she had his imagination flooding with images and sounds and sensations and scents , of drenched silk sheets and hot velvet limbs , of cries rising in the dark along with the aromas of arousal and satisfaction .
he drew deep of her scent instead , let it permeate him , before he let it escape on a grudging exhalation .
the taste and feel and scent of her eddied in his arteries , pounded through his system .
and the perfume of your skin to accompany my every step ... forever .
it felt like she was forging deeper into a tranquil paradise as they passed acres of oranges and tangerines , the fresh , tangy scent filling her .
the feel of his lips on her flesh , the gust of his breath filling her with his scent and virility , left her suffering a widespread synaptic disruption .
she worshipped him , brought her face down to his power and scent , all him , all male .
she inhaled deep to draw oxygen to her brain and only drew his scent into her lungs .
he made it worse , as usual , gathering her to his side with such gentleness , breathing in the scent of her hair before planting a kiss on the top of her head .
she buried her nose in his chest , inhaled his unadorned scent .
its texture , its scent , brought more moist heat surging from her core .
the quartertone - dominated zohaydan music with its indian , turkish and arabian influences and exotic instrumental arrangement and rhythm swept through the air , riding the fumes and scents of incense .
heavy breathing and sluggish heartbeats seemed to echo from the end of a long tunnel as the scent of sex and satisfaction flooded her lungs .
it was n't just physical reactions to feeling her firm , warm thighs beneath his head , or breathing her hot , intoxicating scent with every breath .
she 'd smelled the scents more than once since she 'd come to zohayd , seemingly a lifetime ago , incense of musk and amber and ood .
the air was laden with sweet plant scents and heady earth aromas , its temperature seeming to be calibrated for perfect comfort , all year round as he 'd told her .
just looking at him , her heart tried to burst free of its attachments and her breath would n't come until she bent closer to draw it mingled with his beloved scent .
she sighed , knowing he meant it , nuzzled back into his embrace , soaking up his feel , assimilating it into her being along with his scent , mingled with those of the pristine nature .
she stopped before him again , deluging his lungs with the uniqueness of her scent , a distillation of desire and delicacy , of freshness , femininity and fragrant flesh .
every second brought a new level of awareness of the hot , living rock she enveloped , the powerful heart that boomed beneath her ear , the scent that induced a hormonal surge with each inhalation .
she exited a stinging , reviving shower , was drying herself with towels she 'd found bagged and smelling of freshness when another scent hit her .
she pattered out over the warm , wonderful stone texture of the floor on bare feet , almost dizzy with hunger as the scent intensified on approaching the kitchen .
` ` amjad ... '' she closed her eyes on a ragged moan , pressed her face to his neck , inhaled his intoxicating scent .
the scent of satisfaction flooded her lungs .
every manifestation of her desire , the scent of it , the taste of its honey on his tongue , the feel of its liquid silk on his fingers and manhood , the rush of her pleasure at the peaks that had rocked her beneath him , squeezed her around him and wrung him of explosive releases .
her scent rose to perfume the air , to fill his lungs with the evidence of her arousal .
he even smelled of that same unique scent .
his scent was so potent , she 'd once believed it was an aphrodisiac .
and i ' m definitely anticipating you in my bed ... . '' his arm snaked around her , pulled her into his heat and hardness , enervating her with the delight of his feel and scent .
the balmy sea breeze wafted in with the scent of jasmine and sandalwood incense , making sheer white curtains dance like gossamer spirits .
the ripe swell of her buttocks , the graceful curve of her back , the gleaming luxury of her hair , her unbridled expression as she drew deep of his feel and scent , as she pulled his boxers down .
the gusts of his breath filled her with his scent , burying her under an avalanche of memory .
he went dizzy as the feel and scent and heat of her vitality and femininity eddied in his arteries .
her arm brushed against him and her hair swished forward , deluging him in her scent .
his fingers pressed into the delight of her flesh , his body roaring from the feel of her and the scent of her satisfaction .
she felt she might fall over him with the dizziness his scent and heat induced .
a sigh of pleasure and anticipation escaped him , as lujayn 's favorite jasmine scent filled the gigantic hall , carried on a dreamlike mist .
she hurried after him , stumbling on legs that felt mismatched as his scent , even over the overpowering hospital smells , filled her lungs .
he was so close - his heat and scent flooded her , his aura cloaked her .
the scent of the musky soap she 'd used earlier preceded rashid .
bonded to his own scent , it smelled different , intoxicating .
he skimmed his lips over her face and neck , inhaling her , groaning his delight at her scent .
there was no note , just the faintest trace of her melon scent .
she could smell the gallery event clinging to his skin - alcohol , perfume , paint , and new carpet as her muscles clenched tightly around him .
she eased her hands around his firm buttocks and curled her fingernails into the tantalizingly soft skin , loving the warmth and scent of him .
he felt her soft breath on his cheek and her subtle female scent filled his lungs .
and he liked waking up with jase 's spicy , masculine scent all over his body .
so cory moved closer and inhaled his scent .
donny always used the same spicy aftershave and by the end of the day it had mingled with his own masculine scent , creating an aroma that made gage 's legs go weak .
he pressed his face between donny 's solid legs and inhaled his strong musky scent .
but gage was having so much fun in the backseat of this taxi cab , arching his back and inhaling the driver 's masculine scent , he stopped kissing for a moment and said , ` ` take off my shoes , my socks , and my pants .
he smiled when gage leaned forward and inhaled the scent from his armpits .
he took deep breaths through his nose and inhaled as much of jase 's scent as he could get .
he knew he would taste jase all night ; he would smell jase 's strong scent while he dreamed .
brant took a deep breath , smelling the ocean along with the mouth - watering scents of the grill .
he rested his head in the curve of her neck , inhaling her sweet scent .
there was a faint aroma of sugar cookies in the air , a comforting scent from my childhood .
i felt a hand at my waist the moment before i smelled my mother 's favorite elizabeth arden perfume .
every breath i took was filled with his scent ; every movement he made sent echoes of memories sliding through me .
he smelled delicious , the subtle fragrance of his soap mixing with the virile scent that was his alone .
the warmth of his body , the scent of his skin now musky with sweat and sex , the soft caress of his breath .
on the feel of him beneath my hands , the beloved scent that was his alone , the way his breathing deepened and his heartbeat quickened as the hunger grew between us .
not like the liquor and cheap perfume she expected from a blackguard like him , but so alluring that she wanted to bury her face in his broad , hard chest and breathe him .
he stood near enough that his warmth and his addictive scent enfolded her , before moving to the center of the cabin .
he pulled her small body closer still and breathed in the soft scent of her hair .
nicole sighed , but then smelling the pervasive scent of coffee , a tinge burned , she relented .
when he woke , he could smell her sweet scent and see the indentation shed made in his pillow .
he d start to believe he d made up the whole encounter if not that even now he could smell her scent and taste her on his lips .
i m afraid we ca nt do that , maria said as she swept past derek into the room , her silks and exotic scent trailing delicately behind her .
he basked in the scent of her hair in the cold air and how her body warmed his front when he wrapped his arms around her .
he removed his clothes , then gently lifted her out of the chair , inhaling the soft scent of her skin .
he inhaled the scent of her thick hair spread over them , the smell of sex in the room .
in the second box , she found a circle of soap in her favorite scent , matching slippers and small cloth boots for all three dresses , and even all the foundation accessories necessary for wearing them .
he bent down to press a kiss in her hair , knowing it was the last time he d breathe in her scent .
missed the scent of almond oil or paint .
the perfumes that initially had delighted her swirled in her head and assaulted her senses , as did the odor of a thousand lit candles cloying in the crowded ballroom .
then i got my first mind - numbing hit of his scent .
if his scent and heat had affected me , this grazing contact made my legs weak .
without warning , he reached over to yank my seat belt into place , roughly grazing my br**sts with his forearm , filling my head with his scent .
over the familiar scents of rich soil , fragrant crops , and cold night , i detected his scent : aggression and raw masculinity .
slipping on the starched button - down , i 'd shivered , enveloped by his crisp scent , covered from my neck to almost my knees .
oh , god , his intoxicating scent hit me just as i recalled his fierce virgin - or - not promise and his admission : what was supposed to sate my appetite has only whetted it .
when my ass met a linen shelf , he clamped a hand on either side of my hips to cage me in , filling my head with his seductive scent .
he did it again , burying his face deeper , not bothering to hide the fact that he was inhaling my scent .
sipping champagne and watching unabashed sex while his scent permeated my mind .
as i sputtered protests , he stripped off my messenger bag and coat - still too much between us ? -then he clasped me harder , inhaling the scent of my hair , like we 'd been parted for ages .
her scent was already familiar , a little something like summer and citrus .
i thought back to our first anniversary dinner at everest , and how he arrived a half hour late and smelled strongly of perfume .
disregarding her indication , jake sat down on the couch directly beside her , so close that she could smell his heady , masculine scent .
his masculine scent was the last thing she remembered before drifting off to sleep .
as she did so , his masculine scent mingled with that of the leather , inundating her mind with memories of their time in his dungeon , when the same smells pervaded the room , blending with her own musky arousal .
the feeling of his strong arms around her was undeniably comforting , and she breathed in his masculine scent with a small sigh of pleasure .
mallory breathed in his masculine scent and closed her eyes in rapture .
magnus leaned against my small desk , and i caught a whiff of an expensive , very male scent .
i nodded , my head spinning with the intoxicating scent of him , like cedar and spices off a hot , dry desert .
his scent made my head spin .
i breathed in the musky scent of him .
when they stepped off the plane , a watery scent assailed her nostrils .
the scent of his cologne and of sex still clung to me .
that smell was the scent of venice , i was learning - darkness and romance mixing in an irresistible duo .
he scrutinized me as we walked past a shop on one side of the piazza , the scent of leather overtaking my senses .
i browsed the leather handbags and goods , all the while inhaling the heady scent .
i drank in the scent of him , unable to suppress a moan of longing .
the scent reminded me of sex - with him .
the clean scent of him , the feel of his skin under my fingers nearly made me break down .
anxiety coursed through me , but i have to admit , being this close to him , smelling his scent and feeling the heat radiating off his body , it made me wonder what it would be like to be in his arms .
he was so close now that i could smell the fresh scent of his aftershave just inches from my nose .
following the delicious scent of brewing coffee , i made my way to the kitchen .
i was n't certain , but i thought the scent of our action might still be in the air , as subtle as the perfume of the potpourri , but musky .
i was n't certain , but i thought the scent of our action might still be in the air , as subtle as the perfume of the potpourri , but musky .
i rested my cheek on his arm , drinking in the scent of his musk coming from his underarms .
he wore some cologne that stole the scent of sage leaves on a foggy day : dry , dusty , and clean .
i could write songs about that face , those cheekbones , those eyes , that dry scent .
i sang about his cheek on mine , about the scent and feel of him .
if it was n't a handmade scent , i 'd eat my shoe .
i grasped the strap on my shoulder bag for something to hang onto as i caught his scent of malt and chocolate .
i breathed into him for a second , taking in the new , musty scent .
that smell mixed with the scent of getting tied up and f**ked became the smell of complete release , of an orchestra connected by the simple movements of a skilled conductor .
he slammed into me and ground against me , pushing all the way in , his face by mine , his scent of leather and earth and clean laundry overtaking me .
i could smell her perfume and shampoo .
now , i was drunk on her scent , smelling the orchards of my youth , when i was just a fatherless child and not the end of a long line of bastards .
then i felt a hand on the other shoulder , and through the smell of burning wood that saturated my clothes , hiding all other scents , came a voice .
he steps closer to me - too close - and i can tell that his natural scent has a hint of wood smoke about it .
proud , still giddy from his kiss , i lift the collar so that i can breathe in the scent of alec 's skin .
the sweet scent of tobacco lingers in the air .
i close my eyes as i wrap my arms around his waist and revel in the warmth of his body and the scent of his skin .
her blond , curly pubic hair was wet with her juices , and her scent was intoxicating .
to his great satisfaction the scent of the roses was n't overpowering .
when he opened the door to the guest bedroom she was overwhelmed with the sweet scent of roses .
the mingled scents of her pleasure and the rose petals were a fragrance he knew he would never be able to forget .
she smelled the potent scent of rose petals mixed with her own come and the faint scent of vanilla from the candles .
she smelled the potent scent of rose petals mixed with her own come and the faint scent of vanilla from the candles .
the club , the music , the overpowering scents of booze and sweat and perfume , all fell away as they made out in the middle of it all .
the club , the music , the overpowering scents of booze and sweat and perfume , all fell away as they made out in the middle of it all .
he did n't know anything about anna other than how good her body felt against his , how right her kisses were , how much he liked her scent , how hard she made him -- and how perfectly she embodied the ` ` nice girl '' he was sure his grandmother wanted to see with him .
but instead of grounding her , when she breathed in the heady scent of him -- a clean , male scent that drew her in even deeper and made her want to rub herself all over him like a cat in heat -- she could barely focus on anything other than how much she wanted cole .
but instead of grounding her , when she breathed in the heady scent of him -- a clean , male scent that drew her in even deeper and made her want to rub herself all over him like a cat in heat -- she could barely focus on anything other than how much she wanted cole .
gently spreading her thighs with a hand on each leg , he inhaled her scent , more sweet than musky .
his arousal was a clean , masculine scent that made her breathe in more deeply as he slowly painted her lips , from corner to corner , with the tip of his penis .
without breathing in his clean , masculine scent ?
he loved the feel of her soft curves against him , the vanilla scent of his shampoo on her hair , the sweet smell of her feminine heat .
she opened the door to his walk - in closet and took a deep breath of his trademark scent - pine trees in summer sun .
strong hands curled around her shoulders and a familiar scent of heat and pine needles assailed her senses .
a light scent of apples and cinnamon lingered in the air and he 'd known he was on the right track .
she inhaled deeply , taking in the musky scent of their lovemaking , the hint of cedar and spice that would always make her think of him .
he inhaled her cinnamon and cream scent and immediately got a boner .
inhaling the sweet pine scent , she softly said , ` ` i ' m having a great time with you , ty . ''
she loved his fresh , woodsy scent .
he pulled her closer and inhaled the scent of their lovemaking that clung to her skin .
the scent of bourbon pervaded everything ; a fitting backdrop to their fierce , anonymous love - making .
stepping out of her car , she was struck by the heady scent of pine trees and memories she was n't quick enough to push away .
he slid in behind the wheel and her senses were overwhelmed with his smoky scent , his nearness , the way his thigh muscles pressed against the denim fabric of his jeans , the dark hair across his wrist .
little things like his scent and the way his stubble rubbed against her cheek sent dangerous emotions slithering in between her ribs , aiming straight for her heart .
she grazed a stiff tendon with her teeth , loving the taste of him , his masculine scent .
his clean scent assaulted her senses .
he needed to go slow with her , ease her in to how much he wanted her , but now that she was sitting close enough for him to smell the faint scent of vanilla coming off her shiny blond hair and see the pulse point moving fast in the hollow of her neck , it was all he could do not to drag her onto his lap .
as a finishing touch , she spritzed herself with a tiny travel bottle of her signature scent , which she 'd found in a tiny town in the south of france .
he was sitting so close that she could breathe in the fresh scent of his bath soap , reminiscent of dry pine needles in a warm and sunny forest .
sam was only a couple of feet away , which meant she 'd never be able to get back to sleep , not when she could hear him shift on the sofa and breathe in his delicious scent .
she moved toward him , coming close enough that he could pick up the soft , floral scent the breeze blew off her hair .
he knew the lie he needed to tell to shut her down forever , but standing on the banks of the colorado river with her sweet scent lingering on his fingers , he just could n't do it .
her scent hit him first , the faint hint of vanilla mixed with something earthy , sexy .
but the part of his mind that could still think straight - the part that was n't completely hypnotized by her scent , by the feel of her hand on his - knew it would only be a temporary respite .
four days of pent - up longing overflowed inside of her as she breathed in his scent , earthy from the wood he 'd been working with , as clean and fresh as the cold rain on his warm skin .
connor breathed her in , the delicious scent that was so unique to ginger .
and then he was repositioning her , laying her on her back on the towel and as he stripped off her clothes , she looked up at the moon through the trees , the scent of the blueberry bushes filling the air with sweet perfume .
and then he was repositioning her , laying her on her back on the towel and as he stripped off her clothes , she looked up at the moon through the trees , the scent of the blueberry bushes filling the air with sweet perfume .
she drank in his groan , breathed in his clean masculine scent , gloried in his hard muscles pressed against the length of her .
but the high of her taste , her scent , the sweet little sounds she 'd made as he teased her over the edge not just once but twice - none of those things could make him forget his fury at her ex or his worry that one of the bentleys would come back one day to hurt grace and mason .
` ` your scent ... it drives me crazy . ''
i loved the scent of her .
the scent of dinner wafted over , making his stomach rumble .
would he ever get to savor her scent again ?
after pairing a scoop neck sweater with a black skirt and applying a quick spritz of perfume , she made it downstairs just in time to feel her phone vibrate in her hand .
she caught the scent of his aftershave and something deeper , clean and bright as ocean air .
but she leaned in and kissed his cheek ; he caught the faint scent of coffee on her breath , and as those velvet lips grazed his skin the oddest feeling tightened in his chest .
he leaned in and kissed her cheek , breathing in her scent .
as they approached the room , the slight breeze wafted her perfume to him .
the scent of the tropical air was like wine , light and floral with just a tang of salt and a hint of fruity sweetness .
he sank down against her and buried his face in her throat , breathing in the scent of her warm skin .
when she stepped towards me , the scent of lavender and vanilla filled my nose and the urge to grab her and bury my face in the crook of her neck was so strong that it was almost painful .
her body melts into mine and i press a kiss to the top of her head while taking a deep breath of her scent .
i demand from the officer while pulling chloe into my arms , breathing in her scent .
her perfume drifted over to him every time she shifted on the seat and her legs came dangerously close to bumping his over and over , tormenting him .
yet his mouth still hovered over hers , his body tense , fists clenched , eyes closed as he inhaled her scent , listened to the rush of her breathing , felt the brush of her thighs against his arm .
when she came for him , her hands yanking on his hair , her back up , her thighs wrapping around him , the rich scent of her arousal filling his nostrils , he almost lost it himself .
the scent of their bodies , warm , and still tinged with the sweet aftermath of sex , filled the small space .
elec massaged up and down her scalp and down her neck with all of his fingers , his breath audible next to her ear , the scent of his aftershave drifting up into her nostrils .
inhaling the lingering scent of rubber , tamara stared in the dark at her baby , her mouth open on a silent snore , and wondered what the hell she was doing .
elec breathed in the scent of her , running his lips over her neck .
he just traced with his lips the same path his hands had taken , spending extra time brushing back and forth over her panties , breathing in the subtle scent of her arousal .
it was something of a dive bar , with sticky wooden tables and a pervasive grease scent clinging to the walls .
ty nuzzled her flesh , tasting the pureness of her skin , appreciating that she did n't wear heavy lotion or perfume .
ty turned his head and breathed in her scent deeply .
ryder had moved really close to suzanne and he could smell her perfume , could touch any part of her body with any part of his with just one little shift .
the scent of her hair , the perfume she 'd worn for years , the tang of her arousal , all flooded his senses , and ryder closed his eyes for a brief second to take it in .
the scent of her hair , the perfume she 'd worn for years , the tang of her arousal , all flooded his senses , and ryder closed his eyes for a brief second to take it in .
ryder picked up her hair and kissed the back of her neck , taking in her scent , one hand still on her backside , caressing , gliding toward her inner thigh .
fingers squeezed him , knees bucked against him , cries grew louder and louder , the scent of her sex swelling up around him .
he leaned closer , his aftershave scent drifting up her nostrils .
her skin was sticky from the champagne and the whipped cream as her br**sts pressed against his chest , and the sweet tangy scent of their indulgences rose between them .
evan held her hand , and his lips brushed over her temple , inhaling the scent of her fruity shampoo .
she could smell him and it was n't the scent of untamed deodorant .
he liked her in his space , he liked the scent of her skin , and the heat of her body .
he drank in the scent of her skin , still warm from her nap , free of lotions and other mysterious products .
it was intimate and almost profound , the scent of the bath beads clogging his nostrils , and the taste of her still on his tongue , the need for her , an ache ten years long , still in his heart .
they crawled into bed together , both smelling like bubbles , with the underlying scent of sex on them .
she smelled like the crisp spring air and the light floral perfume she always wore .
from this vantage point , diesel could see how plump and moist her lips were , how smooth her skin was , and he could smell the sweetness of her perfume .
their bodies were warm pressed together , the scent of their earlier arousal still in the air , her hair tickling across him .
he loved the way she smelled , just a slight hint of perfume , but mostly eve .
she could feel the prickle of each goose bump rising on her flesh , hear the soft rush of her breathing out of her nostrils , smell his masculine scent as he lay over her , his knee wedged between her thighs .
` ` yes , '' she whispered , her chest heaving , the sweet scent of her desire rising between them .
bringing their entwined hands together in front of her stomach , he breathed in the scent of her , holding her close , enjoying the feeling of sexual satisfaction , the knowledge that he had been granted an unexpected and extraordinary gift .
turning on the water , she did n't even wait for it to heat before she jumped in , intent on washing the scent and feel of him off her skin .
never had he felt this kind of connection , this deep of an intimacy with a woman , and he bent over to kiss her , wanting her to taste the lingering scent of her own body on his tongue .
she thinks wearing an elizabeth taylor scent will attract older men with money . ''
she could smell his scent , and it was familiar .
the pungent scent of onions filled the room .
except when he got to his bedroom , the overwhelming scent of incense hit him .
he chose that very moment to sit down next to her , dropping down with long - legged sexiness , filling her space with his scent and presence .
she was n't heavy in his arms , but he enjoyed the scent of her flesh , the feel of her curves pressed up against him .
all the same , for her , the tastes and scents brought back that first success .
the scent of his cologne and sweat were heady .
he bent to kiss her cheek , wafting the scent of soap and cologne over her .
her magic was a perfume swirling through her aura , a pulse of deeper , more vibrant life .
she was flowing with cream , the musky scent tightening his c**k to the point of pain .
it was n't the scent she remembered from her and alex 's long - ago make - out sessions - or not only that .
it carried a scent like wet leaves and earth , and its warmth seeped into her flesh , making her aware of how big this planet was .
the feel of her slender strength , the scent of her , the crazy curling mass of her hair - all tangled together inside his soul .
it carries a lingering scent of the whisky he 's been sipping all night , a woody smell reminiscent of oak .
i bring the mug to my lips , inhaling the strong scent of coffee .
within minutes , the scent of freshly brewed coffee reaches my nose and i turn and grab the mug .
that scent that always lingers no matter what , the same one that comforts you .
lighting one , i lower the flame to the wick of my bright pink yankee candle , letting the strong dragon fruit scent assault my senses almost immediately .
his hand curves around my neck and pulls me closer to him , and his rich , masculine scent envelopes me .
it smells a little musty , but the lavender undertones of my scented pots on the shelving above the rails soon break through and fill me with their rich , relaxing scent .
i breathe in his scent , woody and so very masculine .
i inhale the rich scent of the coffee before taking my first sip .
her hair tickles my nose , and the gentle scent of vanilla grounds me .
she breathed in deeply and was treated to a masculine , woodsy scent that turned her insides to pure mush .
between his heady scent and his deliberate touch , her nerves felt raw and exposed .
her scent came back to him vividly , a fruity blend that had knocked him on his ass and had him daydreaming of her ever since .
the door slammed closed behind her , leaving him basking in her scent .
once enclosed in her small apartment , her luscious scent wrapped around him once more .
she leaned closer , her sweet scent kicking his awareness of her into even higher gear .
she was enveloped in his heady , seductive scent .
he leaned in closer , breathing in her heated , feminine scent .
she breathed in his heady masculine scent , wet her lips , then licked one firm nipple .
a glance at the clock on the nightstand told her it was nearly eleven p.m. she inhaled and smelled his delicious masculine scent .
the scent of her perfume brought him back to childhood , evoking warm , pleasant memories .
the scent of her perfume brought him back to childhood , evoking warm , pleasant memories .
he inhaled her familiar fruity scent , which only served as a reminder of the hot times he 'd spent breathing her in as his c**k moved inside her body .
she could n't inhale without smelling alex 's familiar scent , reminding her of hot , passionate nights in his bed .
his hard thighs pressed against hers , and his delicious scent surrounded her , making the urge to bury her nose in the crook of his neck and inhale strong .
his unique taste , his masculine scent , and the hard planes of his chest beneath her hands all made her so aware of herself as a woman .
she could already smell his cologne , and the scent did things to her that should be illegal during the day while she was fully dressed .
a spritz of light perfume , a swipe of blush , some lip gloss and she was as ready as she 'd ever be .
he sat down beside her , his body warm from the shower , his scent clean and strong .
the desire to sweep her into his arms , breathe in her unique scent no designer could have created , and steal her away from this god - awful staid country club was strong .
his masculine scent overwhelmed me , causing a fluttering deep in my belly and a quickening between my thighs .
my head spun from his seductive scent , his arousing kiss , the firm tone of his voice .
i shivered , my knees nearly buckling at the memory of his seductive voice , the scent of his masculine , woodsy cologne , and his touch that ripped every one of my defenses to shreds .
that one word cleared my head enough for me to remember the other room in the house , the one with the rumpled sheets , the scent of sex , and the condoms in the trash that had sent me running .
before decklan could answer , gabe became aware of a soft , feminine scent .
he walked over , and the powerful scent of his cologne enveloped me like a safety net .
leaning close , he settled his stubbled face against my cheek , and i breathed him in , taking the scent that was gabe into my bones .
instead of arguing , i set about getting what i wanted , gliding my lips over his strong jaw , nuzzling my nose into the crook of his neck , where i could inhale his musky aftershave and lose myself in the masculine scent .
i pulled him in deeper , inhaling his rich , musky scent as i slid my tongue up and down the length , grazing him lightly with my teeth .
he nuzzled her neck , enjoying the coconut scent of suntan lotion and isabelle .
she was overwhelmed by his masculine scent , and her body trembled with the effort it took not to take him up on the offer .
he brushed his hand down her long hair , breathing in the mixture of her scent , peaches and arousal .
her scent enveloped him .
he walked toward the bed , eased down beside her , gratified at the small inhale of breath as he leaned in close and smelled the sexy scent of her arousal .
one hand in her hair , he slid his lips along her jawline , inhaling her intoxicating light perfume , trailed a path down her neck , and settled in to nibble near her collarbone .
he strode up , so close she was enveloped in his delicious scent , and all her strategic female parts went on red alert .
every inhale made her more aware of him as a potent male , and his musky scent that was pure decklan turned her insides to mush .
amanda dozed in the passenger seat , leaving him surrounded by her delicious scent and with an erection that needed to be handled .
her scent lingered in his sheets , and he looked forward to bed more than was normal .
she grasped his shirt and held on , reveling in the taste and scent she 'd missed so badly .
by the time he stepped into her place , he caught a light floral scent , saw the sunlight bounce off her hair from a row of windows , and he was done .
ariana was n't interested in their newest scam , but those words of normalcy , at least by her family 's standards , along with the scent of her father 's aftershave , reassured ariana as it had when she was a child .
reaching out , he massaged her shoulder , having a damned hard time ignoring the scent of her shampoo and the feel of her feminine softness beneath the suit jacket .
he wanted ari , her soft body , fragrant scent , and the feelings she aroused in him , gone .
almost cheek to cheek , he inhaled her fragrant scent and felt the womanly heat emanating from her body .
real or imagined , her scent clung to his clothing and hours later he still tasted her on his lips .
every time she inhaled , she smelled his masculine scent and her ni**les puckered tighter against her stretch tee .
so close he could smell the shampoo in her hair and the scent that kept him awake at night .
he ended exactly where he wanted to be , inhaling the fragrant scent of her skin , his mouth on one breast .
musky scents assailed her , scents of passion and quinn .
musky scents assailed her , scents of passion and quinn .
her bare ankles and strappy high - heeled shoes told him she was wearing a dress , while her sexy , musky new scent revealed she 'd indulged in a sensual change he enjoyed .
he inhaled , taking in her perfume and her heat .
he inhaled deep , the scent of her fragrant hair and her bodily warmth reassuring him .
relief at seeing her washed over him and he pulled her into his arms , letting himself inhale her familiar scent and feel her warmth .
so close she smelled his rich , musky scent and a warm , tingling feeling arose in her chest .
she sidled up beside him , this time more aware of his expensive cologne , a scent that under other circumstances she could definitely get used to .
clenching his mouth shut tight , he 'd stood back as sam had chosen zoe 's favorite scents in body scrub , body wash , body splash and he was sure there were more items he could n't remember .
each time he inhaled , he took in her fresh - like - summer scent , forcing him to shake his head in an attempt to stop thinking about zoe and sex .
his musky scent enveloped her , reminding her of the sensual dreams he 'd inspired lately .
` ` sam , thank you for helping ryan pick out my favorite scents . ''
she trembled under his assault and he turned his head so he could trail moist kisses down her cheek and slender neck , inhaling her fragrant scent .
she sensed his warmth and heat and smelled his musky , morning scent .
when she inhaled , she took in his musky cologne and heady scent , and arousal hit her hard .
lexie davis hovered over her grandmother , the scent of violets permeating her every inhalation .
she added a thin orange headband that matched her dress , spritzed her favorite perfume and was ready to go .
starting outward , he laved her creamy soft skin , inhaling her fragrant scent as he worked his tongue over her flesh , inching his way toward the center .
she looped her arms around his neck and proceeded to nibble his earlobe , inhaling his masculine scent and arousing herself all over again .
pleased , she relaxed into him and inhaled deep , taking in the musky scent of man and sex lingering in the room .
the masculine and oh - so - familiar scent of his aftershave sent her senses and her body into overdrive .
she moved from his lips to nuzzle his neck , inhaling his musky male scent .
she breathed in his delicious , familiar scent and sexual awareness kicked right in .
stepping through the doors , lexie was immediately assaulted by the overhead lights and assorted scents of cosmetics and perfumes .
stepping through the doors , lexie was immediately assaulted by the overhead lights and assorted scents of cosmetics and perfumes .
he inhaled again and the scent lured him toward the bedroom .
sliding beside her on the mattress , he hooked his finger into the thin strap covering one shoulder and buried his face in her neck , inhaling her sweet scent and tasting her with long laps of his tongue .
with him so close , his familiar scent surrounding her , sensual awareness enveloped her completely .
he breathed in her familiar scent , grateful she was alive and well and shaking in his arms .
rising from her chair , she pulled her grandmother into a hug , savoring her familiar and comforting scent and feel .
she leaned over and pressed a kiss on his cheek , her soft lips and sweet scent intoxicating him , reminding him of why he 'd switched shifts and broken up their partnership last year .
a light lemony scent permeated the room , and she relaxed , allowing her body to absorb the softness surrounding her , feeling calmer and safer than she had in new york city .
the raw , masculine scent of his cologne .
as the smell of the water mixed with her fragrant scent , rafe wished like hell he could throw caution away and dive into her .
the scent of apple pie permeated the air , and a warm , tingling feeling filled sara , making her wonder if this was what she 'd missed growing up without a mother .
he swirled his tongue inside her mouth and found himself surrounded by her scent and her taste , aroused by the sweet feel of her lips urgent and insistent on his .
he breathed in deep and took in the light , sexy scent of her perfume .
he breathed in deep and took in the light , sexy scent of her perfume .
he buried his face in her neck and inhaled her sweet scent .
the incredible scent of musky aftershave and potent male surrounded her .
he 'd inhaled her scent and nuzzled her soft , fragrant skin .
so close he could smell her fresh as spring scent and wanted more .
her scent fulfilled him in a way that surpassed mere sexual need , and that was the notion that brought reality surging back .
the scent of the outdoors - new grass and flowers - accompanied every breath she took .
and when the pain subsided , roman turned to taking in his surroundings as a distraction from her luscious scent .
his musky scent filled her with a longing so strong her knees nearly buckled , and she swallowed hard .
the scent of sex did hover in the air , arousing him and making him want her despite her stubborn minimizing of what they 'd shared .
his masculine scent wrapped around her , became a part of her , and her heartbeat kicked into high gear .
he buried his face between her neck and shoulders , inhaling her fragrant scent .
as she inhaled , a beautiful scent charlotte did n't recognize teased her senses .
the boys were joking nearby , the scent of egg rolls drifted toward her , and roman was proposing marriage ?
he leaned closer , getting into her personal space , inhaling her scent .
hard to do when cushioned in charlotte 's soft bed and surrounded by her feminine scent , a scent he 'd missed while he 'd been gone .
hard to do when cushioned in charlotte 's soft bed and surrounded by her feminine scent , a scent he 'd missed while he 'd been gone .
no more control than roman had over his body now that he 'd inhaled her delicious scent and those long strands of tousled hair had tickled his nose and cheek , arousing him .
though she now stood far enough away for him to think more clearly , her scent was emblazoned on his memory - a fragrance made more pure by the fluffy white dress and tiara perched on the side of her head .
his masculine scent surrounded her , more potent than the heat of the sun .
he sucked in a ragged breath and was caught off guard by her fragrant , arousing scent .
as he inhaled her fragrant scent , his lips whispered across her silken skin that was warm from the heat , damp from the humidity .
he inhaled and was enveloped by her luscious scent .
she inhaled his potent male scent and the desire to lose herself in him and forget her problems and the party grew stronger .
she inched nearer until she could n't breathe without inhaling his masculine scent .
with every inhale , she took in his masculine scent , stirring her already aroused senses .
he inhaled her fragrant scent and his groin pulsed with aching need .
until she 'd heard his voice , inhaled the masculine , arousing scent of his cologne , and felt his lips devouring hers like he could n't possibly get enough .
his musky male scent mixed intoxicatingly with the hint of liquor on his breath and she licked her lips , imagining she was tasting his .
his masculine scent surrounded her , a potent aphrodisiac .
but her scent lingered in the air and he 'd woken up aroused , ready to reach for her again .
it was a familiar , comforting scent in a time of complete chaos , and she found it difficult to maintain the distance she knew was necessary between them .
the scent of the outdoors , cut grass , and late fall lingered in the air , making her jubilant and happy .
she kissed his cheek , inhaling the masculine scent of musky aftershave that never failed to warm her senses .
he leaned in close , catching the fragrant scent of shampoo in her hair .
he smelled her scent and felt her heat .
she curled into a corner of the couch , across from him , bringing with her the fragrant scent of vanilla .
she was compliant to the point of feeling boneless , leaving him completely aware of her sweet scent and the arousing way she nuzzled into him .
so close she could inhale and smell the masculine scent that settled inside her and made her want so much more than he could give .
on reaching her he stood still for a few seconds , just breathing in her amazing scent and enjoying the simple fact of being close to her .
the candles would n't stay alight , the different scents did n't gel , and the bubble bath had n't produced more than ten bubbles .
` ` hi babe , '' he whispered as he dropped his forehead to hers and inhaled the scent of her .
she was wearing her usual perfume and it was playing with his senses and triggering memories that were only increasing his hunger for her .
he buried his face in her soft , silky hair , loving the scent of her strawberry shampoo .
` ` on all her breezes borne , earth yields no scents like those ; but he that dares not grasp the thorn should never crave the rose . ''
but if i want to enjoy the blooms of love and their scents and fine forms , i need to be close enough to put my hands on them , and that could end up being a very painful process .
the room has some sort of eucalyptus essential oil scent blowing around , and white and purple orchids are crowded in the corners along with some fern - type plants .
her scent is everywhere , and i know i will miss it when it 's gone .
i pull her in closer and bend over so i can inhale the intoxicating scent coming off her skin .
i inhaled deeply , taking in his scent , memorizing it .
her giant rat 's dirty nose peeked out from between some dusty bottles and wiggled around a little , bobbing up and down as he gathered the scents into his head .
the smell of trees and wind mingled with the scent of a strong man 's arms and neck .
his masculine scent surrounded her , making her stomach clench as her desire immediately revved back up .
he could n't escape her tantalizing scent as she stood silently beside him and finished adjusting her clothes .
her tantalizing scent was surrounding him , muddying his thoughts completely .
her eyes opened with a start when she landed against the coolness of his sheets , his scent instantly flooding her and unbelievably setting off another rumble of need low in her belly .
she was trying to clear her head , but his scent enveloped her , and all she could do was to inhale the musk of the only man she had ever desired .
instead of shredding their clothes , he tugged on her legs to bring her to the edge of the bed and he rested his head on her bare thigh , inhaling her perfume as he gently caressed her legs with his fingers .
and her scent ...
then he dropped to his knees , his head resting for a moment on the silk of her stomach as he inhaled her sweet scent .
it might have been the wrong move for him , because now her subtle scent was drifting over him , her warm breath brushing his throat , her body heat practically burning him .
* * * byron sat at the bar , inhaling mckenzie 's sweet scent , feeling as if he would n't make it if she chose not to stay with him .
i press my lips to her head and breathe in her fresh lilac scent .
he steps forward and pushes his nose close to mine and i can smell the earthy , clean scent of him .
i turn onto my back and scoop her against me , kissing her head and breathing in her delicious scent .
i hug her close and bury my nose in her hair , breathing in scents of vanilla and chocolate .
i plant my lips in her hair and breathe her in , her scent , her warmth , mentally counting the hours until i can scoop her up and carry her down to our room and bury myself inside her for the night , forgetting about everything but her .
i kiss her cheek and pull my nose down her jaw , taking in a deep breath of her fresh scent .
i gave him a thorough look and inhaled , catching a whiff of his manly scent that did more to hasten my drunkenness than the wine i kept pouring down my throat .
i really needed my nose buried in his shirt so i could memorize his scent .
the scent in my nose was so wonderful i did n't ever want to leave where i was in my beautiful , neil - scented dream .
neil 's scent has always been heavenly to me and i 'd been addicted to it for years .
i could smell neil 's scent on this small scrap of leather knots and brass charms , and knew it had lain against his skin .
this time the scent of him was real when i breathed him in .
` ` beautiful , '' i said , inhaling the scent of her that had become my addiction .
and smell the scent of her with every breath of air i took in .
the fresh air mixed with the scent of her hair comforted my senses to the point i could honestly admit i was blissed out .
neither of us seemed to mind and the blooms had just the barest light scent so they were n't overpowering at all .
i bent down to help once more and caught a whiff of her perfume , the scent taking me right back to six years ago as if only mere moments had passed .
i bent down to help once more and caught a whiff of her perfume , the scent taking me right back to six years ago as if only mere moments had passed .
i could get close enough to smell that heavenly perfume she wore , or shampoo she used on her hair , or whatever the hell it was that smelled so good .
the earthy smell of water filled the air and mixed with the scent of her hair and wet coat .
the flowery scent of her skin wound me up something fierce to the point i was thinking about nothing else but getting my c**k into her .
the gentle flowery scent that i loved , above all others , was still present in the room even when she was n't .
i buried my nose at her chest and drew it up , inhaling the unmistakable smell of sex , mixed with her intoxicating scent .
i could smell the spiced , clean scent of him , and i heard a long , controlled breath being released along my back .
i could still smell him though , and the scent did things to my head .
i turned to his beautiful face very aware that i was breathing heavy and with every inhale drawing more of his delicious scent inside me .
i faced his chest and breathed in the scent i absolutely loved and tried to remember how beautiful it was .
i reached for the steaming mug and inhaled the delicious scent .
a body that carried the scent of pure intoxication for me .
i settled back into the soft leather and breathed in his scent , allowing him to take me off to somewhere , and for the moment trusting that everything would be okay .
the comforting scent of him came to me instantly .
i closed my eyes and breathed in the scent of ethan .
i filled my head with his scent and crashed .
i leaned forward and kissed him on the throat above the vee of his t - shirt , the hairs of his chest tickling my mouth , his male scent already familiar to the point of downright necessity along with food and water and breathing .
i brought her hand to my lips and breathed the scent of her skin .
the scent i knew and craved was up my nose and in my head again .
she tilted her head to give me access as i inhaled , the scent of her skin drugging me - making me utterly mad for her .
6 i opened my eyes in the dark to the scent of brynne up my nose and smiled when i figured out where we were .
the faint smell of sex was in the sheets from earlier but mostly it was just her clean , flowery scent that intoxicated me .
i dreamed about the sweet scent of clove mixed with tobacco until i was sure i would die before i ever tasted one .
i went mad with the taste of her all over my tongue , my taste , her scent , her warmth , the soaking wet , octane - fueled sex !
she smelled so good the scent intoxicated me to the point i was not going to maintain much control for long .
just breathing in her scent helped me immensely , as did the feel of her br**sts against my thudding heart as i held her close to me .
i breathed in his spicy scent mixed with all the sex and his cologne and let myself go , knowing i was in the arms of the only man who had ever gotten me to stay there .
` ` you 'll get used to it , '' i said to hannah while drawing an arm around brynne and kissing her temple , breathing in the flowery scent of her shampoo .
i brought my mouth to her neck and inhaled the scent of her skin , the soap and the water all mixed together in a heady elixir that only got me hotter .
i burrowed into him and breathed in his delicious scent .
i inhaled deeply , breathing in her scent , the floral mixed with her skin that sent me into a sexual haze so very deep i ' m sure i buried some of my humanity .
he was a fanatic brusher and always tasted minty and good to me , but the spicy scent would cling to him and i could tell when he 'd been having a clove .
all it would take was her scent up my nose and the sound of her breathing next to me and i would ' ve been on her and buried deep , trying to get lost inside her .
i find myself unable to deny darius in his wishes for me , just as i was unable to deny my beloved jonathan ... m g part one summer so shine bright , tonight you and i we 're beautiful like diamonds in the sky eye to eye , so alive we 're beautiful like diamonds in the sky rihanna ~diamonds chapter 1 24th august somerset ` ` i can hear the ocean , '' she said up against me , her hand on the back of my neck lightly caressing back and forth , the soft floral scent of her driving me crazy .
` ` the house is for us tonight , '' i said , bringing a stray curl of her silky hair to tuck behind her ear as i inhaled some more of her intoxicating scent , and allowed myself the acceptance and contentment of knowing we 'd really up and done it .
the spicy scent and hardness of his muscles filled my senses with his maleness , making me ache terribly with wanting .
there she was , on her side in all her naked glory , hair spilling wildly over the pillows , and smelling of the floral perfume she used , combined with the unmistakable essence of sex and cum .
i snuggled against him and put my face right into the groove of his upper chest , breathing in his scent , close enough to feel the tickle of the hairs sprinkled there .
my stiffness melted at his words , and i spun around to face him , burying my face into his chest , breathing in his scent of spice and cologne that had captured me from day one .
so i focused on her comforting scent and slid over to spoon up against her body , getting my face right next to her hair on the pillow , where i could breathe in the intoxicating smell of floral and citrus that belonged uniquely to her .
i breathed in her heavenly scent , aimlessly stroking up and down her back , when i felt a prickling on my chest right by where she 'd laid her cheek .
he turned me around and held me against his chest , the welcome scent of him enveloping my senses , and so very comforting to me in my wretched state .
breathing in her floral scent , laced with the smell of pu**y , i traced the top of her spine with my lips , whispering to her , cherishing her , kissing in between the words .
she just put her soft hand to my chest and brought herself close so i could take in her scent , and know i was in the here and now , and not lost in my past .
the first inhale of her comforting scent went up my nose and straight to my brain , immediately soothing , giving me hope to make the ugliness fade away .
i inhaled , getting drunk on her intoxicating scent .
i breathed in my girl 's intoxicating scent in front of me and focused on what i wanted to show her instead .
i wondered if the scent was perfume or something she used on her hair .
i leaned in and touched her shoulder , speaking close enough to smell her natural scent .
i could smell the scent of him and feel the warmth of the rover 's heated seats .
her scent was in my nose , and i breathed it in .
his face buried just below my br**sts , his hands cupped my backside , and his nose inhaled my natural scent .
she rotated her hips and really worked her sex over me good , the scent of her arousal in the air making me burn hotter .
i had n't had a smoke since switzerland , and no longer craved the scent of the spice .
he smells like musk and desire and i breathe deep , letting the scent of him fill me , warm me .
but that is quickly quelled when his hands begin to stroke me , long , slow movements that heat my skin and fill the air with the scent of coconut and vanilla .
i breathe him in , letting his familiar scent soothe me , letting his strength calm me .
i sighed , his scent reminding me of uncle jahn , a musky male scent that probably came in a bottle but seemed to me to be part and parcel of those men i adored .
i sighed , his scent reminding me of uncle jahn , a musky male scent that probably came in a bottle but seemed to me to be part and parcel of those men i adored .
i gasped , breathing in the scent of arousal , his and my own .
i want to fall asleep with the taste of you on my lips and the scent of you all around me .
i woke again a few hours later to the incredible scent of coffee and the even more incredible man smiling down at me .
i could only breathe in the scent of him , fresh and woody , like a forest after a rain .
` ` there you are , '' he said , bathing me in the scent of old beer .
my own orgasm came fast , and i clung to him , body to body , skin to skin , wanting nothing more in that moment but to lose myself in the scent , the taste , the everything of this man .
he focused on driving as i tugged his t - shirt on over my head , breathing deep of his familiar , woody scent .
he lifted his glass and i caught the scent of bourbon .
i slipped it on , breathing in the scent of him that clung to the material .
foolish perhaps , but i liked being wrapped in his scent .
from the sight of him before me and the scent of his cologne , all spice and wood and male .
i even smelled it , that warm and musky scent of desire .
i edged closer so that i caught the clean , fresh scent of his soap .
the smell of the ocean mingles with the scent of breakfast and i breathe deep , realizing that i am content .
i gently kiss his shoulder and breathe in the clean , soapy scent .
it is civilization stripped bare , and everything about this room - from its appearance to its rose - petal scent to its promise of decadent pleasures - has captured me utterly .
his fingers are strong and hot , and i lose myself in the pleasure of his touch and the rich scent of vanilla .
he asks , as an amazing yeasty scent draws us off the street toward a tiny cafe with charming outdoor seating .
i breathe in the clean , crisp scent of his cologne , like the woods after a rain .
his mouth closes over mine , slick with the scent of me .
he runs the strands through his hands and breathes in the scent of my shampoo .
it 's soft and rough at the same time , and though i try to catch a scent , the heady smell of chocolate in the room is overpowering .
to breathe in the scent of your sex , and dip my tongue in your sweet folds , more delicious than any chocolate could ever be ? ''
6 i wake in the morning to the scent of brewing coffee and fresh - baked croissants , and when i peel my eyes open i find damien beside the bed holding a tray , which i immediately identify as the source of those mouthwatering scents .
6 i wake in the morning to the scent of brewing coffee and fresh - baked croissants , and when i peel my eyes open i find damien beside the bed holding a tray , which i immediately identify as the source of those mouthwatering scents .
his jacket is laid across the foot of the bed , and i can even smell the soapy fresh scent of him .
he shuts the door , and i ' m snug in a leather and wood cocoon , breathing in the scent of luxury .
i breathe deeply , memorizing the scent of him , all musk and masculine spices .
suddenly his arms are around me and he 's holding me close and i ' m soaking up the rhythm of his heartbeat and breathing in the scent of this man i love so deeply .
i can see the flush on your skin , i can breathe in the scent of your arousal .
i lean against him , breathing in the scent of soap mixed with sex .
she did n't answer , just leaned forward until all of her soft heat seemed to envelope me , the sweet flowery scent of her inundating my senses .
i burrowed my face into her hair , breathing in her scent .
i buried my face against her warm belly , breathing in her sweet , familiar scent .
just the faintest hint of her perfume mixed with the scent of her .
just the faintest hint of her perfume mixed with the scent of her .
my perfume was missing .
the warm , spicy scent of his cologne was permanently branded into my brain .
a simple caress , him looking at her just so , his masculine scent ... her stomach curled into a nervous knot of anticipation .
his scent flitted across her nostrils .
her hair was bunched up on the pillow next to his cheek , and he could smell the faint scent of the shampoo he 'd used to wash her hair .
he bent and pressed his lips to hers , inhaling her sweet scent .
i was assaulted by the familiar spicy scent of his cologne , the hard breadth of his chest .
i held still and breathed in his scent , staring up at his eyes as they locked on mine .
i wanted to make him hard again just for the pleasure of watching and feeling him grow in my hands , but my stomach rumbled when the scent of our leftover dinner hit my nose , quashing even my ravenous desire for roth 's body .
i nodded , and felt the heady mixture of tipsiness , sleepiness , and roth 's hard body and clean scent pulling me under .
the scent of coffee and fresh - baked cinnamon rolls finally filtered through to my awareness .
my senses were attuned , honed by the drug , and as she shifted , i could smell her , perfume and musk and sweat and essence and all woman .
i knew her scent , knew the smell of her deodorant and the conditioner in her hair and the lotion on her skin , the way it all mixed together with her sweat and the unique indefinable scent of kyrie - ness .
i felt the ground topple and tumble beneath me , felt hands beneath my neck and hip , rolling and lifting , and then i was airborne , and the familiar scent of roth filled my nostrils , the achingly sweet sensation of his chest at my cheek , and we were on the bed and he had me cradled in his arms , clutched close .
i slid my palms down her spine , closed my eyes , and drew a breath filled with the scent of her skin and the damp , clean odor of shampoo from her hair .
i drew in the scent of kyrie , filled my hands with the curves of her ass .
i pressed my face against his throat and inhaled his scent , felt his heart beating beneath my palm .
i held her , inhaled her scent , her presence .
i woke up with afternoon light streaming down on me from a window , and shane sitting on the bed next to me with a cup of coffee in each hand , the scent of the coffee having woken me up .
he pressed his face into my cle**age and breathed in the scent of my skin .
his scent filled my nostrils , male sweat , shampoo , cologne , all layered over something else indefinable and elusive and totally shane .
the constant caribbean sea breeze ruffled our hair , the scent of brine gentle on the wind , the sun low on the horizon , bathing us in soft orange light .
it had done the same on the other two occasions she 'd seen the man who lived across the hall from her , especially when she 'd been forced to breathe his spicy male scent in the six - by - six - foot confines of an elevator .
she inhaled slowly , and the male scent that she recalled all too well from sharing the elevator with him filled her senses , more subtle , but nevertheless more potent , than the fumes of the scotch .
he closed his eyes as niall 's sweet , musky scent filled his nostrils .
vic tilted his head slightly in order to fully catch her heady scent in his nostrils .
never mind what it could do to you when you sat so close to him that you could breathe his rich , male scent and he casually reached behind you to stroke your shoulder with his long fingers .
his movements were causing the fresh , fruity scent of her shampoo to drift up to his appreciative nose .
vic nuzzled her breast , inhaling her singular scent .
he nuzzled the hair at her nape and inhaled her scent .
or perhaps the primitive part of his brain recognized the scent that mixed with the residual fresh , floral scent of niall 's perfume .
or perhaps the primitive part of his brain recognized the scent that mixed with the residual fresh , floral scent of niall 's perfume .
or perhaps the primitive part of his brain recognized the scent that mixed with the residual fresh , floral scent of niall 's perfume .
it felt indescribably good to be in his arms again ... to inhale his singular scent .
her perfume found its way to his nostrils .
vic smiled as he leaned forward and inhaled her pussy scent .
he pressed her head beneath his chin and inhaled the familiar light , fruity scent from her shining hair .
he caught a whiff of her scent - cheap perfume , sweet sweat , and stale smoke .
he imagined that he smelled niall 's fresh , feminine scent emanating from the open door .
she inhaled the familiar scent of his skin mixing with the spicy , clean smell of his soap .
so for several full moments she allowed herself the sublime pleasure of lying in his strong arms , feeling his crisp chest hair on her cheek ... breathing in his unique scent .
she pressed her face briefly to his chest and inhaled his clean , spicy scent .
his male scent - sweat , spice , and musk - drove her wild .
niall 's scent lingered .
he could practically smell it surrounding her ; her innocence intermingled with an untested sexuality , creating a heady perfume that had set him off balance .
she eyed the sword on the table curiously , trying to ignore the subtle scent emanating from his body - clean , spicy soap mingling with male sweat .
his taste and scent hit her like a tsunami of lust .
it was nice to lather up with ian 's hand - milled english soap , cover herself in his clean , spicy scent .
the impressions that struck her the most were the cushy , buttery softness of the seat and the smell - leather mixing with ian 's spicy , clean male scent .
he smelled it - the unique perfume that rose off her skin when she climaxed .
after a moment , he acknowledged that he would n't be able to quiet his raging erection while inhaling her intoxicating scent .
his scent entered her flared nostrils ... musk and man .
he hugged her to him tightly , inhaling the scent of her hair .
the scent of ian 's aftershave clung in the air along with the smell of something pleasant and spicy .
a wave of tenderness and lust swept through her at the vision of him , at the sensation ... at his male scent filtering into her nose .
inhaling his unique male scent , she hugged tight .
the spice scent of his cologne filtered into her nose .
his clean , spicy , citrusy scent permeated her misery .
her scent filtered into his nose - clean , light , extremely feminine .
her scent filled his nose .
he frowned as he picked up a bottle of her signature perfume from the dresser top - hermes perfume 24 , faubourg - and rolled it up hastily in a silk bathrobe .
the familiar rich , fecund scent of the stables entered his nose .
her legs wrapped around his waist , her hands went to the side of his head , furrowing her fingers through his thick hair and molding it greedily into her palms , inhaling his spicy scent , so hungry , so desperate to absorb every sensation of him .
his addictive scent tickled her nose - a combination of his skin and his soap and his cologne , clive christian 1872 .
she 'd risen from sensual dreams with his scent in her nose and the feeling of his heavy erection pressed against her bottom , a few layers of thin fabric the only thing separating them .
elise 's throat tightened as she breathed his scent and luxuriated in his embrace .
the delicate scent of rose petals filtered into her nose by the time they leaned back together on the pillows .
her breath caught when he brushed his lips across hers and she inhaled his clean , spicy scent .
his addictive scent tickled her nose - a combination of his skin and his soap and his cologne .
it mingled with the fresh breeze and the scent of rose petals , making her dizzy .
her scent filled his nose - her familiar perfume mingling with the intoxicating smell of her arousal spicing her skin .
her scent filled his nose - her familiar perfume mingling with the intoxicating smell of her arousal spicing her skin .
` ` do you think this is n't torture for me as well , sitting next to you while you tremble helplessly beneath my hand , inhaling the scent of your pussy , knowing your entire body is alight with arousal and that soon ... very soon , i ' m going to incinerate high and hard inside you ?
ian kissed the top of her head , his lips lingering as he inhaled her scent .
he stepped toward her at the same moment she stepped toward him , and then she was in his arms , her cheek pressed to his chest , inhaling his scent .
impulsively , francesca gave her a hug , smiling at the familiar scent of anne 's perfume .
impulsively , francesca gave her a hug , smiling at the familiar scent of anne 's perfume .
she had nightgowns in the dressing room , but she was too weary to go in there tonight , too fragile to inhale ian 's scent .
the smell that lingered there was one she always associated most with him - his spicy , unique cologne , the fresh - laundered fragrance of his dress shirts , the leather from the rows upon rows of shoes , the cedar scent from the hangers and shoe trees .
even though she knew the sheets were freshly laundered , she imagined she smelled his scent when she pressed her nose to the pillowcase .
she inhaled his scent .
she asked without looking at him and tried not to breathe too deeply , lest she inhale his scent .
he caught a whiff of her scent , of her hair .
he inhaled sharply , realizing he 'd been holding his breath , and her scent fully pervaded his awareness : the achingly familiar scent of her perfume , her skin ... her arousal .
he inhaled sharply , realizing he 'd been holding his breath , and her scent fully pervaded his awareness : the achingly familiar scent of her perfume , her skin ... her arousal .
he inhaled sharply , realizing he 'd been holding his breath , and her scent fully pervaded his awareness : the achingly familiar scent of her perfume , her skin ... her arousal .
he pulled her against him while he still ejaculated inside her , hugging her to him desperately , breathing the scent of her release , moving her sweet body over him in a sublime dance he dreaded coming to an end .
* * * she kept her eyes closed as she panted with her face pressed against his neck , filling herself with his scent .
he lowered his head and caught her lingering scent .
he took her into his arms and clasped her to him , tight , inhaling the scent of her hair .
he longed to press his face to her belly now , absorb her softness and heat , inhale the subtle perfume of her sex .
he pulled her against him , her head against his face , and inhaled the scent of her hair .
she , too , needed that reassurance , gripping his shoulders , inhaling his clean , spicy scent deeply , as if she wanted to absorb it and store it for a lifetime .
francesca was still feeling especially shaky and ian seemed to sense it , holding her against him when they went to bed , neither of them speaking , just breathing each other 's scent , prizing each other 's presence .
she inhaled the familiar scent of freshly laundered cotton .
she touched his hairline and dropped a kiss on his temple , inhaling his scent greedily for reassurance .
she breathed the scent of freshly mown , dew - wet grass and honeysuckle as she followed ian off the terrace into the yard .
his scent was simple : soap and freshly showered male skin .
he 'd caught her scent as they talked , and his cock had appreciated it even more wholeheartedly than his brain .
he slipped a crown between his lips and laved the pebbled flesh against his tongue , drinking in her moans of pleasure , becoming drunk by her softness and scent , by her responsiveness .
the scent from lin 's hair combined with the unmistakable fragrance of sex lingering in the air had pleasantly warned him even before he 'd opened his eyes .
she caught a whiff of a fruity scent and realized it was a hand lotion placed there to use following washing .
he pressed his lips to her smooth hip , inhaling her exquisite scent as his body tried desperately to recover .
kam breathed lin 's scent and the fragrance of their combined arousal .
his scent tickled her nose .
she leaned down and pressed her face to his chest , inhaling his delicious scent running her lips over his hard muscle and crisp hair .
i closed my eyes and breathed in the familiar scent of his body , tightening my hug .
skipping a shower for morning , i left the lights off and curled into the bed , wrapping my arms around myself and trying to hold on to the remnants of jeremiah 's scent still on my skin .
principles , however , were useless when all i wanted was his arms around me , to bury my face in his neck and breathe his scent .
i did n't move , breathing in his exquisite and unique scent .
his scent and proximity overwhelmed me , but anything was preferable to remembering the day - no , week - i 'd dealt with thus far .
memories of our kiss in the penthouse apartment intruded : the feel of his lips against mine , the scent that was his alone filling my nostrils .
she 'd never expected being kissed on her palm would be so erotic , but it was , because everything about clay was charged with his smoldering virility , like a trailing scent of lingering sexiness that surrounded him .
he could smell her arousal , the delicious scent of her pu**y so near to him .
he needed to taste her , to drown his mouth in her scent , to feel her wetness all over his face .
his offer was so alluring , like a faint scent of something delicious trailing through the air .
he pulled her in close enough for her to notice his woodsy scent ; maybe it was cologne , maybe it was soap .
an appealing scent that was sure to send some woman to her knees .
he swore he could smell her , the sexy - sweet scent of her neck , her hair , her body .
a feminine scent , but a thoroughly suggestive one , too , that hinted at the way she might taste all over .
the scent of her was beyond arousing , and he wanted to know how she tasted everywhere .
but first he wanted to inhale her scent , so he ran his nose along her thighs , feeling her quiver against his cheek .
the scent of her jasmine shampoo filled his nostrils , and it was heady , and perfect for her , as all these scents collided in a kiss .
the scent of her jasmine shampoo filled his nostrils , and it was heady , and perfect for her , as all these scents collided in a kiss .
once inside , manhattan disappeared , and they were in a pink and white boutique surrounded by silks , satins , and chiffons , by reds , blacks and peaches , and by a lavender scent that was overwhelmingly feminine .
he wanted to inhale her scent , to taste her arousal , to feel her flood his tongue .
the air sang of rain ; the heavy earthy scent trailing along with it .
she needed to be able to laugh it off , as if it were in the heat of the moment only - the rain , the perfume , paris .
` ` everything you do to me feels good , '' she said , and he traveled down her back , the vanilla scent of the massage oil adding to the headiness of the scene that was unfolding here in their paris hotel room .
when she reached him she planted a quick kiss on his cheek , and the citrus - y scent of her hair that was so very her drifted into his nose .
sure , she told him now and then about an occasional date she had in new york , and he 'd even met the infamous scott , who he wanted to punch for making casey feel like shit about herself , but hearing her say she was into some other guy when he was so damn close to her that he could n't get the sweet citrusy - scent of her shampoo out of his mind , pissed him off .
` ` just relax and let me lead , '' he said , whispering in her ear , a waft of her tropical scent drifting by his nostrils .
his chest tightened , and his nostrils flared as he inhaled her scent .
` ` this and that , '' he said , as they parked themselves on stools at a nearby blackjack table , the hustle and bustle of the casino surrounding them , the slap of cards on tables , the cha - ching of money from slots , and the scent in the air of desire for bets to turn into bigger bets .
once inside the hotel , they found michelle and jack waiting in the open - air lobby , looking windswept and relaxed as overhead fans turned lazily , stirring up the faint scent of coconut through the tropical air .
a minute later , her spine straightened and goosebumps rose on her arms as his mouthwatering scent drifted by .
every puff of cool air from the ducts overhead , every hint of my favorite perfume gently wafting the scent of vanilla and floral up from behind my earlobes became so pronounced .
every puff of cool air from the ducts overhead , every hint of my favorite perfume gently wafting the scent of vanilla and floral up from behind my earlobes became so pronounced .
i wanted to fill my nostrils with that masculine scent as i buried my head in the curve between his neck and shoulder and pressed my lips against his skin .
her perfume , the smell of her hair , the taste of her lips on mine became necessities in my life .
stepping in between her legs , i pressed the front of my thighs against the chair and leaned in to kiss her , stopping just before my lips brushed against hers to inhale the delicate scent of vanilla .
his cologne filled my nose , a powerful male scent that added another layer of need to my desire .
barely able to breathe except to take in her delicious scent , i stayed there as much for myself as for her .
pressing my lips to his neck , i inhaled the scent of him as he slid in and out of my slick pussy , loving the masculinity that filled me .
the musky scent of his cologne tinged with the smell of sex filled my nose .
i crawled into bed and smelled her perfume all over my sheets .
i missed the sound of her voice , the smell of her perfume , everything that made her so different from everyone else in my life .
the familiar scent of her flowery perfume drifted up from where her head pressed against my chest , and i remembered what kane had said about keeping her happy .
the familiar scent of her flowery perfume drifted up from where her head pressed against my chest , and i remembered what kane had said about keeping her happy .
i ran through the reports i had to complete and send to olivia by the end of the week , but the numbers got lost among thoughts of abbi 's soft perfume filling the air around me .
with my head in the space between his shoulder and his neck , i closed my eyes and breathed in the clean scent of soap on his skin .
i watched him walk in front of the car while i enjoyed the lingering scent of his delicious cologne , and as he passed through the headlights , i noticed now that he was n't flirting with me that he seemed to be frowning .
i inhaled their soft scent and smiled at his thoughtfulness .
inhaling the sweet scent of roses one last time , i took the card with me and placed it on the night table , reading it once more before i turned out the light .
while he spoke , i got lost in the scent of his cologne .
fresh , the scent was woodsy and almost citrusy , making him smell delicious .
thousands of miles separated us , yet i could still smell her perfume each time i inhaled , could still feel the touch of her hand on mine when i closed my eyes .
the warm summer air drifted in through the window , lightly billowing the deep green sheers and carrying the sweet scent of honeysuckle across the room to where we sat .
no matter how many times the sheets had been washed , they still held his scent .
i wanted to take her in my arms and fill my nose with the familiar scent of lavender her shampoo left in her hair .
i smelt her hair and her soft scent tickled my nose .
then her scent drifted to me and i raised my head and almost choked on my own saliva .
her softness , her beautiful scent they combined for a heady mix of seduction .
i nuzzled her first , taking in her warmth and the sweet scent of her .
the long driveway that led to the monstrosity at the end was lined with blossoming trees , their scent permeating the evening air as we drove through .
gabby tried to concentrate on what he was saying , but she was having trouble breathing with his spicy male scent filling her nostrils .
he smiled slightly , enjoying her soft , flowery perfume .
the whole house smelled wonderful with the scent of chocolate cake wafting through the rooms but she had no idea what kind of cake he liked .
she looked around , her eyes taking in the rumpled bed , all but one pillow on the floor and the intoxicating scent of tamar filling the air .
along with those scents , all memories of the previous night came back to her , startling in their clarity and intensity .
enough space so she could n't smell his incredible , male scent that filled her head with some sort of enticing spice that she could n't identify .
but her scent was everywhere and he hated the perfume after she 'd gone .
but her scent was everywhere and he hated the perfume after she 'd gone .
as the door swung open , the scent of cinnamon wafted to her , further waking her up .
she watched in fascination as bob poured a thick layer of white icing all over the top of the warm cinnamon rolls , the heat of the rolls melting the icing and turning it clear as it drizzled down into all the little crevices , enhancing the scent even further .
a moment later , he was gone , leaving behind the scent of cinnamon and pipe smoke .
a comforting scent , but not what really drove kristen to distraction .
i pressed my nose to his face , inhaling the scent of his skin .
she picked up the flowers , brought them up to her nose and inhaled deeply , taking in the sweet scent .
he could faintly detect the scent of roses - so sweet .
the scent reminded of him having her bundled into his arms ... ` ` if there 's anything - '' ` ` you could tell me what you 're doing here to start with , '' she interrupted .
and her perfume ...
her scent - sweet roses - filled his nostrils .
a recognizable scent drifted to her nose even before her rescuer opened his mouth .
her stomach grumbled as the delicious scents continued to drift over to her .
lavender scented candles were lit and the intoxicating floral scent of the bath oils he 'd added to the water enhanced the romantic atmosphere .
the scent of his skin and our blended need filled my nose .
i inhaled deeply , pulling in the sweet and salty scent of the ocean and tropical plants .
i inhaled deeply , trying to taste the sea air and memorize its scent .
with the sound of the ocean 's waves echoing in the distance and the scent of the sea heavy in the air .
i loved the feel of his weight on top of me , loved the way his unique scent filled my nose , loved the way he growled like a big bear as he possessed my body .
` ` good evening , '' i murmured , slowly inhaling her perfumed scent as i kissed both of her cheeks .
the scent was sultry yet not too intoxicating , simply enough subtle , sexiness to evoke the male senses .
her heady musky scent made my senses sing .
her wetness , the musky scent that i laved on last night made me want to taste a drop of her nectar ; but stella was making it difficult for me to think because her hand reached inside my trousers and started to stroke me , hard .
` ` this ... '' i whispered , eyes closed as i breathed in her scent .
my nose inhaled her scent , softly kissing her cheek .
her scent filled my nostrils and i buried my face in the crook of her neck , wanting to drown in her softness .
her perfume reached my senses and i somehow felt like i was being transported back in time to when i was madly and hopelessly in love with this woman .
she then moved closer , wrapping her arms around me , her heavenly scent annihilating my senses .
he took a deep breath , inhaling my scent .
seconds stretched into minutes as i probed into her , basking in her moans and her scent that filled my nostrils , thinking then that it was the most sensual aroma i had ever smelt on a girl before .
her legs immediately parted as i buried my nose in her heat and inhaled the scent that soaked her shorts .
i thought her bluffing , although when she brought it to me one night , i salivated as i whiffed the scent of the freshly baked crust and the smell of scrumptious meat .
from the tales of charles dickens to the heart - warming romance of jane austen 's novels , i had seized it all here , basking in the warmth of the hearth and the fresh scent of flowers in antique vases about the room .
immersing myself in a tub filled with warm water , surrounded by stress relieving scents from the oils and candles around me - i thought it might do a splendid job .
basked in the calming ambiance , the water slowly worked my body into a less tensed state while the herbal scents did their magic in making me feel much lighter inside .
his lips kissed my cheek , trailing across to my ear while the tip of his nose inhaled my scent .
his hard cock pressed against my stomach while his nose rested against the side of me head , breathing in the scent of my hair .
his smile was all predator as he inhaled the scent of my sex .
he leaned in against me as he spoke and the scent of his aftershave overwhelmed my senses .
the smell of sex and david 's musky scent invaded my nostrils .
his masculine scent invaded my head .
the scent of his musky aftershave teased me and i closed my eyes .
she was still beautiful and sexy but the feeling of love and adoration that rolled off her skin was like a perfume .
it coated everyone nearby in its heady scent and i found myself smiling along with her .
it was heavy with the scent of tropical flowers and i could taste a hint of the warmth that i had experienced earlier , on the back of my tongue .
the scent of david 's cologne enveloped me in its warm , heady aroma and washed away the acrid smell of robert that seemed determined to linger on my skin .
his mother leaned in over me , treating me as though i did n't even exist , her strong floral perfume making my nose itch and the back of my throat burn .
i felt his fingers tense on my collar and he brought his face down close to my throat and breathed in my scent .
the elevator seemed to magnify his scent and no matter where i looked , i could still see him watching me .
a faint , woodsy - soap scent surrounded him .
he came toward him again now , stepping out into the hallway to take the gift from only a few inches away , bringing his scent and warmth closer , looking at the bag a second before reaching into it and pulling out the paperback .
i smelled his wonderful manly scent again and almost asked him what he was wearing , but decided not to .
i was just near enough to him to catch the clean scent of his faded aftershave .
his scent was all male , a spicy , salty , woodsy kind of odor that i wanted to bottle and keep .
drawing in a deep breath full of my scent , he licked the two fingers that had been inside me .
then i nuzzled the spot with my nose , breathing in the intoxicating scent of his flesh .
first i felt the warmth of his breath and i knew he was inhaling my scent .
the slight peaty scent of his scotch - tinged breath and the lingering faint scent of masculine cologne was a powerful combination .
the slight peaty scent of his scotch - tinged breath and the lingering faint scent of masculine cologne was a powerful combination .
he nuzzled my neck with his nose and inhaled the perfume i had dabbled there .
in spite of everything , the warmth and the scent of him was as much of a homecoming as standing at my parents ' door .
everything hung on padded hangers that filled the air with the scent of their lavender stuffing .
feeling his heartbeat , smelling his clean , masculine scent was like being home .
his eyes narrowed at the sight of them and he leaned into my chest inhaling the scent of my hot skin .
he 's so close that i can feel the heat radiating off his skin , so close that i can smell the musky scent of his soap - or is that only him ?
i ' m aware of the way calder smells , his natural , manly scent only enhanced by the damp in the air .
he smells faintly of soap and , beneath that , his own intoxicating scent .
it only enhances his natural scent , and i bury my face in the place where his neck meets his shoulder , placing kisses along the muscles there .
if i close my eyes and breathe deeply , i can catch the first wisps of the bright , crisp scent of summer .
it 's the scent of new things - of growth and life and joy .
i recognized the scent of his body soap and deodorant from this morning , but i also caught another scent that was more distinctive and so very ... him .
i heard the door close softly behind him and i snuggled into his pillow , inhaling his scent once again .
i sat down at my desk and brought the fingers that i 'd had inside her tight little pussy to my nose , inhaling her scent once again .
i grabbed noah 's pillow and hugged it to my chest as i inhaled his scent and sighed contentedly .
i asked , his scent invading my senses and making me forget what he was talking about .
and to make the mindfuckery even worse , her scent settled around me again , heavy and more potent in the hot steam .
as she slept peacefully , i stroked her hair , rubbed her back , inhaled her scent .
so to never see her warm smile again , never hear her infectious laughter , never feel the warm comfort of her embrace , never smell her white musk scent ...
i inhaled deeply , letting the scent of him that had permeated the air in the small space envelop my senses .
i kissed the newly exposed skin , inhaling his scent and memorizing each indentation of the muscles in his chest .
my mother kissed my cheek and i closed my eyes , inhaling the familiar scent of her floral perfume .
my mother kissed my cheek and i closed my eyes , inhaling the familiar scent of her floral perfume .
i could smell the light scent of cologne and body wash , and i inhaled deeply , committing every little nuance to memory .
i swore i could still smell lanie 's delicious scent from the trysts we 'd had there .
the scent of her arousal mixed with the light perfume she wore , and i licked my lips , suddenly feeling feral and starved .
the scent of her arousal mixed with the light perfume she wore , and i licked my lips , suddenly feeling feral and starved .
i breathed deeply the scent of his hair and skin .
i sat down on the bed and took a deep breath , needing a moment to gather my thoughts , but i was instantly enveloped by his scent .
that night i was surrounded by rhys , his scent , his strength .
my eyes drift open when that thought hits me , the scent stronger as i come around .
the mattress feels like fluffy clouds and the intoxicating scent clings to the pillows and the sheets .
the scent lingers on my clothes from sleeping tangled in his sheets .
i swipe lip gloss across my lips and put on a coat of mascara , barely having time to spritz myself with perfume before slipping on my boots .
the masculine scent of his cologne fills the car .
i ' m stark naked but wrapped up in naz 's sheets , the scent of him clinging to me .
the scent of flowers with a hint of lemon clings to the air in the glass enclosed property .
but naz 's scent clings to these , the memory of his touch infused in the fabric , and i ' m not ready to let go of that yet .
it 's well lived - in , the scent of flowers clinging to the air from a lit candle .
the scent of coffee clings to the air in the kitchen .
through the heavy blackness , the faint scent of antiseptics hits me , making my nose twitch .
i feel her legs brush against mine , get a whiff of her fragrant perfume as she shifts closer , seconds later feeling her soft lips against my cheek .
i can feel the heat radiating from him , smell the sweat coating his skin , the tinge of salt mixing with a hint of tobacco , a scent i 'd be ecstatic if i never inhaled again .
the grass is unnaturally green , the air briny , permeated with the scent of salt this close to the water .
i can still smell the sun on her skin , the scent intoxicating me when i inhale sharply as i push inside of her .
the scent of sweat and cologne is all over her .
the scent of coffee clings to the air as she brews a fresh cup in the machine .
the scent of the food is strong and makes my stomach churn .
his back is to me as he lathers his hair with shampoo , the strong , all male , all naz scent wafting toward me .
he catches my arms and pulls me close to him , close enough to catch his strong masculine scent of smoky cinnamon and leather .
i shrug it off my shoulders , but not before taking a second to appreciate the fine feel of the feather light wool between my fingers and the crisp scent of cologne lightly permeating the fabric .
this room has a cozy feel to it with its rich wood furniture , plush carpeting and the subtle scent of his cologne that i smelled earlier .
as i wander toward the closet , i ca n't help but notice the faint scent of women 's perfume that clings to the interior of the bedroom .
as i wander toward the closet , i ca n't help but notice the faint scent of women 's perfume that clings to the interior of the bedroom .
the basket beside the tub is stocked with everything i could need and more - luxury bath salts , shampoo , conditioner , facial scrub , razors , and body washes in several different scents .
i lose myself in the process , lathering my hair and skin and enjoying the peaceful moment and the fragrant scent of herbs enveloping me .
and his bedroom smells like stale perfume and one half of his closet seems like it 's been hastily emptied out , i mentally add .
his body brushes against mine and the awareness of his broad muscular frame and captivating scent send endorphins skittering through my blood steam .
now that i ' ve grown used to sleeping with him , with his warm arms around me , tonight i 'll have to settle for his scent .
i cross the room in a few long strides and stand behind her , breathing in the scent of her hair .
colton wraps me in his arms and holds me tight , his masculine scent enveloping me in warmth .
he nuzzles into my neck , inhaling my scent and treating me to a tender kiss on that sensitive spot just behind my ear .
just as i know i wo n't be able to resist going into his room to listen to the sounds of him breathing and leaning down to his crib to smell his baby scent , even though i know there 's a chance it 'll wake him .
i was noticing things i never took the time to notice before , like the delicate scent hanging around her , and how soft and smooth her skin looked .
the scent of vanilla and delicate feminine skin wafts up to greet me .
the scent awakens something in me .
well , max sleeps and i drift in and out to the sounds of the shower running , to the scent of aftershave wafting from the steam - filled bathroom .
the scent of appetizing food wafts from the kitchen and i notice new toys are scattered on the living room rug .
pace slides in beside me , and i note the soft scent of aftershave permeating the air around him .
i wrap them both in my arms , appreciating the soft feel of max 's cheek against my neck , and the scent of kylie 's delicate skin warming me .
but as my body leans in next to his , i know there 's nothing just friends about the way i want to nuzzle my nose along his jaw line and inhale his scent .
christ , how am i supposed to survive an entire week sleeping beside mia , watching her emerge pink and damp from the shower , listening to her sleepy sounds as she drifts off , being surrounded by her scent ...
i can smell her faint scent , and i want to bury my face between her legs , and lap up every ounce of moisture from her pussy .
the pages were crinkled and worn and her soft , feminine scent clung to them .
i hug his pillow to my chest , and breathe in his musky scent that still lingers .
her hands on his warm skin released a heavenly scent .
she breathed in his intoxicating scent .
when he said zen stuff like that , she wanted to curl into him and absorb his strength and wisdom , while surrounding herself with his enticing scent .
now he was so close she could smell his scent : sweat and laundry soap .
along with that came ronin 's scent ; she let that male musk soothe her senses , even as her heart picked up speed whenever that scent came closer .
she 'd opened the windows to let the scent of warm , wet concrete fill the room .
the scents of man , sweat , and rain completely filled her senses .
the flavor and scent of him would be forever imprinted on her taste buds .
a breeze stirred , bringing the sun - warmed scent of petunias .
the body - heated fabric that carried his scent completely surrounded her .
amery wanted to throw herself into his arms , bury her face in his neck , and just breathe in the scent of him .
she slipped it on and ronin 's scent washed over her .
he 'd taken a shower since the familiar scent of his soap hung in the humid air and he 'd changed clothes .
but ronin 's scent teased her nose and she breathed it in .
once he 'd positioned her , she rested her cheek against the cool wood , breathing in the scent of lemon furniture polish .
the scent of orange blossoms and ginger perfumed the air from the candles on the dresser .
but just touching it released the scent of her shampoo , and his stomach knotted with longing .
some nights the dreams were so sex - fueled she rolled toward his side of the bed , searching for the warmth of his body , the scent of his skin , the familiarity of his hands .
amery 's scent surrounded him so completely he could n't think of anything except pulling her into bed with him and holding her captive until she promised never to leave him again .
the scent of her hair and his own musk .
he nuzzled her neck , filling his lungs with the scent of her skin as he rubbed circulation back into her arms .
then amery 's sweet cherry scent wafted toward him , calming him .
for a moment he stayed right there , inhaling the scent of her hair , and then he exhaled slowly , feeling her shudder beneath him as the air tickled her ear .
every time he breathed in , his lungs were filled with the scent of her .
she nuzzled his neck and inhaled ronin 's scent : salt and clean cotton .
the scent of her shampoo lingered in a humid cloud throughout the space as he moved to the dresser and flipped on the lamp .
the heat and scent of her body soothed him , incited him .
hard skin to soft skin , the scent of her filling his nostrils .
at that moment the sweetest scent she 'd ever encountered eddied around them .
as they made the fast walk back to the condo , he could n't help but notice the flush on her cheeks , the increased rate of her breathing , and the sheen of perspiration that teased him with her scent .
tonight the stillness in the atmosphere fit his mood , yet even without a breeze the sweet scent of cherry blossoms perfumed the air .
it 'd shocked him the first time amery had asked him to press his damp body to hers , using her skin as his towel , because the intimacy of having his scent on her calmed her .
emitting such a heavenly scent .
even the cherry - blossom scent could n't compete with the sweet musk that was all amery .
the whole room smelled of malt and cologne and the sharp , earthy scent of leather .
as he leaned in to pour , i could n't help but breathe in the scent of him ; scotch and sweat and something much more carnal .
that intoxicating scent hit my nose once more , sending my hormones into overdrive .
as i pressed my face into his hair , the scent of him washed over me , that perfect masculine potency .
and so i did , slowly traversing the still clean portions of her body , savouring the taste of her , the texture of her skin , the feminine scent that filled my nostrils until she dominated my senses .
the scent of her excitement filled the air , and her lips were glistening despite the fact that i 'd yet to use the ice there .
cheap furniture , cream coloured linen , and the slightly sickly scent of lemon detergent in the air .
it was one of those lazy awakenings , where things come to you gradually ; the sun through the window , the warmth of the blanket , the weight and scent of sebastian besides me .
his face was mere inches from mine , intoxicating me with his scent once more , reminding me of the first moment we met .
sealing my lips over his , i drank in his scent and surrendered to the onslaught of sensations that having his mouth on me conjured .
he bent to find my mouth , and our tastes mingled with the heady scent of my arousal .
i breathed in his scent and let the memory of our night settle over me .
running my fingers over his chest , i leaned in to taste his throat , relishing his scent and the saltiness of his skin .
i breathed back into him , drunk on his taste and scent .
i kissed his neck , already intoxicated with his scent .
dressed in his t - shirt , i let his scent wash over me .
i pulled back a fraction , breathless and a little dazed on his taste and scent .
i moaned , loving the taste of him , the subtle scent of his body .
the clean , masculine scent of him drugged me with lust .
my chest expanded with warmth , and i inhaled his scent , basking in our sudden and fierce closeness .
i breathed him in , feeling settled at the familiar scent that was blake .
i kissed his skin , breathing in the fragrance of the lotion mingled with his scent .
the ache of kneeling and the discomfort of the way he moved me for his pleasure faded into the background as i tasted him , breathed in his scent .
his scent , his closeness , made me dizzy .
the soft kiss brushed against my cheek could have been mistaken for a quiet exchange between colleagues and filled the air between us with his scent .
i breathed him in , his musky scent stronger the farther i went , until i was face - to - face with his rigid cock - the thick weight of it heavy in my palms , the veins throbbing as i pumped him gently .
i breathed in deeply through my nose , the sharp scent of the smoky liquor filling my lungs .
i breathed in his scent .
a familiar scent , bringing me back to what i knew , back to us .
i drank in his addictive scent , the essence of his tongue sweeping over mine .
the subtle pine scent of colby 's aftershave and the underlying hint of aroused male soaked into her skin more thoroughly than the beer .
inhaling his scent .
colby 's musk , the sweeter perfume of her arousal and the scent of last night 's sexcapade lingered in the room and on the sheets and she was instantly aroused .
colby 's musk , the sweeter perfume of her arousal and the scent of last night 's sexcapade lingered in the room and on the sheets and she was instantly aroused .
a subtle piney scent teased her from beneath his starched shirt collar .
he brought the soft cotton to his nose and inhaled until her perfume filled his lungs to bursting .
with the spicy scent of her arousal , he was fully aware of how badly she wanted it .
she 'd rather curl up in a ball , comforted by the scent of sex lingering on the sheets as she napped .
the scent of musky male sweat and the heat of their bodies created a sultry humidity in the small space that reeked of sex and passion .
she crowded in so he was enveloped in silicone , rhinestones and a cloud of perfume .
the wind blew the scent of sage and dirt .
for a second , he thought he caught a whiff of channing 's perfume .
she buried her face in his shirt , inhaling the warm intimate scent of him .
everything surrounding them - sunlight , tinny music from the carnival , whoops from the grandstand , the sugary , greasy scent of fried twinkies - faded into the background .
the scent of sandalwood soap , toothpaste and warm male skin enveloped her .
inside the restaurant , the rich scent of coffee caused her steps to quicken and she poured a mug before clocking in .
the familiar scent of horses and leather and sun - baked cotton surrounded her .
she could scarcely suck air into her lungs that was n't filled with his scent .
the clean scent of rain wafted through the open door , but did nothing to cool her off .
the air was heavy , a sultry scent of sex and moist heat .
the tangy lemony scent of her shampoo drifted up .
he stroked her silky hair , bunching it in his fist , rubbing it on his face , releasing the minty scent of her shampoo .
seeping himself in the taste , the feel , the scent of her .
inhaling the sweet aroma of the whipping cream laced with the scent of her juices .
his heady masculine scent enveloped her in a musky cloud of need as she reveled in this closeness .
the scent of hot dirt permeated the air as they gazed across the paddock .
except macie 's sweater hung off the dresser and the scent of her skin hung in the air .
the scent of sweat and salt and latex and need .
she remembered sitting in that truck cab , surrounded by the scent of horses , of chewing tobacco , of hay , dust and the underlying tangy aroma of his cologne , and she 'd wanted to stay right there with him forever .
he turned when amy jo sidled up , wearing an ankle length dress the color of sunshine , which fit the fresh , clean , sunshiny scent flowing from her .
cord scooted close enough to catch a whiff of her sunshiny scent .
he noticed a bar of soap with the same scent as the lotion .
like the wyoming sun and wind left a permanent scent on you . ''
he inhaled the pungent scent of alfalfa .
the sweet scent of aj 's arousal - like sunshine and cotton .
the sucking noise of the popsicle and the sweet orange scent .
every rapid inhalation of the air in the cab filled her lungs with the scent of him .
` ` i ' m right with you , baby doll , '' he panted against her throat , lost in the scent of her , the everything of her .
the darkness , the sweet scents in the enclosed damp space , the hunger of cord 's mouth , the feel of his hard body , and the loss of the use of her hands - all overpowering sensations .
sniff back up to see if she dabbed perfume behind her sweet little ears or if it was just the natural scent of her skin that smelled so heavenly .
sniff back up to see if she dabbed perfume behind her sweet little ears or if it was just the natural scent of her skin that smelled so heavenly .
not heavy and cloying like expensive perfume , but simple and sweet .
if she could bottle that elusive manly scent , she 'd be filthy rich .
the scent of soap and baby powder wafted up and his stomach clenched .
he brushed his lips across the top of her head , inhaling her sweet baby scent , rocking her back and forth .
surrounding him with her alluring scent so he could n't breathe without thinking of her .
the scent of lemon sage soap and steam and kade swirled around her until she was dizzy with want .
drawing the scent and the taste of her down his throat and into his lungs like food and air .
he threaded his fingers into her soft hair and the cool scent of rain - soaked flowers , an aroma uniquely hers , filled his lungs .
he breathed in the sweet scent of her hair .
the aroma of barbecue smoke and the occasional whiff of the barnyard overpowered the ever - present scent of sage .
her scent settling on his skin , filling his lungs .
a gentle breeze stirred the persistent scent of sage as they set the swing in motion .
he asked , ` ` can you smell that sweet scent ? ''
or the heavy perfume of the clematis ? ''
a cool breeze floated in the window , heavy with the dark scent of moist soil drenched in rain .
a soft draft stirred the scents of rain , damp sheets , and kade 's sweaty masculine tang into an intoxicating aroma that left her mindless .
the scent of his sweat and the underlying hint of her own musk .
while chassie was squeezed against edgard , she could n't help but notice how good he smelled , a subtle scent that intensified when her nose brushed the gap between his shirt collar and his skin .
done with her hair and face , brandy spritzed on perfume .
the scent of sugar cookies and coffee wafted from the kitchen .
she dragged hot , openmouthed kisses down the strong column of his throat , loving the way he tasted there , loving the scent of his sweat and really loving his soft , helpless groan when her tongue touched a sweet spot at the base of his neck .
they were adrift in the pleasure of the friction of damp bodies , the gentle creaking of the old bed , the familiar scent of skin and sex and body - warmed cotton sheets .
edgard rubbed his stubbled cheek and chin over the arched section of trevor 's lower spine , reacquainting himself with the feel and the scent of trevor 's skin .
edgard rested his head in the space below trevor 's neck , rubbing his cheek over the damp skin , letting that salty scent coat his face .
she nuzzled his neck , breathing his scent into her lungs .
the valley between his ear and his jawbone seemed to be the source for his intoxicating male scent .
` ` least you ai n't wearin ' boots , '' he said , rubbing his cheek against the hot , hard length and inhaling edgard 's unique scent .
trevor breathed the enthralling scent deep into his lungs .
the silken scarf slipped from his eyes , teasing him with the aroma of her perfume .
the intoxicating scent of her hair and her skin .
india reached for the bar of soap and the scent of musk and cotton surrounded her .
the second he got a whiff of her wildflower scent , he spun around and erased the distance between them in two steps .
but mostly he could tell because of the scent of the warm , sweet cream drifting up from between her thighs .
the dark , male musk of his sweat coated his skin and she breathed it in , hoping that scent would linger on her and the sheets after he left .
then his yummy scent surrounded her .
the earthy scent of his lover filling his lungs as he filled her body with his .
the scents of sex and his cologne and her lotion mixed together .
the scents of cinnamon and lemon lingered in the air .
between her scent and the memory of what he 'd done to her with the scarves , his c**k started to stir .
a gentle breeze wafted by , filled with the scents of sage and dirt , of horseflesh and water .
the fresh scent of his aftershave , mixed with the aroma of his sun - warmed skin , drifted toward her , swamping her with longing .
the dark , ripe scent of wet earth filled his lungs .
quinn rubbed his cheek over hers , marking her with his scent .
she breathed through her nose , filling her lungs with the musky scent that was uniquely quinn .
surrounded by his warmth and his scent she felt completely ... safe .
she makes you imagine what it 'd be like pounding into her , both of you covered in sweat as you breathe in the scent of her .
as he floated back to sanity , the arousing scent of her body drifted up .
lick the salt from his skin , familiarizing her senses with his taste , drown in his scent .
creaming butter and powdered sugar together released a familiar sugary scent , way better than any expensive aromatherapy .
he breathed in the perfume of her skin mixed with the musky scent of sex filling the air .
he breathed in the perfume of her skin mixed with the musky scent of sex filling the air .
he breathed in the scent of her , let himself absorb her softness and strength .
she watched david 's knife flash as the scents of onions and green peppers filled the prep area .
his harsh breathing in her ear , the sucking sounds of his sex driving into hers , the scent of his skin , the feel of his hard chest muscles and fingers and cock ... she could n't even think straight .
the cool scent of her hair drove him insane .
or maybe it was the perfume of her skin that seeped into his brain , making him absolutely crazed for everything about her .
the spicy scent of aftershave drifted from the open collar of his white button - down shirt .
three different scents filled her lungs .
` ` what is that delicious scent coming from the kitchen ?
until her scent coated his face .
the sweet perfume of spring lilacs wafted toward him .
that intoxicating aroma had haunted him since the night he 'd filled his lungs with her scent .
he was immediately comforted by her presence , her softness and the familiar scent of her always - present jean nate perfume .
he was immediately comforted by her presence , her softness and the familiar scent of her always - present jean nate perfume .
so jack set his chin on her shoulder and palmed her hips , trying not to be distracted by that damned lilac scent .
with his every inhalation , keely 's scent teased him .
she felt utterly drugged by his masculine scent and the sheer power of his body pressed to hers .
he inhaled the aroma of her lilac - scented lotion mixed with the musky perfume of her sex .
her lilac scent permeated the braid and he inhaled as much of the sweetness as his lungs would hold .
but his focus was shot to hell when the scent of lilacs drifted from the bathroom .
she nuzzled his groin , inhaling the ultimate masculine scent that was as familiar as it was unique .
keely breathed him in , sun - warmed cotton and honest sweat , coffee and red man tobacco , english leather cologne and the hint of her mother 's perfume .
the sweet scent of lilacs surrounding me last thing before i drift off at night .
she concentrated on the musky scent of sex and sweat .
she shook her head and buried her face in his neck , inhaling the dark , familiar scent , wondering if it 'd be the last time she 'd ever be this close to him .
the heavy scent of hairspray , perfume and flowers burned her nostrils , stuck in her throat and made it impossible for her to breathe .
the heavy scent of hairspray , perfume and flowers burned her nostrils , stuck in her throat and made it impossible for her to breathe .
he enfolded her against his hard body and keely sank into him , inhaling his familiar scent , subtle expensive cologne and warm man .
the scent of her little boy , baby shampoo beneath the hint of sweat and the cold tang of the outdoors .
then he dragged his tongue through the cleft to the source of that deliciously spicy scent .
she nuzzled his hip , breathing his musky scent deep into her lungs .
then kane 's big , strong hands were gently massaging her scalp , surrounding them with the sweet scent of her lavender shampoo .
harsh breathing , the scent of sex , the rapid pistoning of kane 's pelvis spun ginger out of control .
he lost his mind in the feel of her , the scent of her , her willingness to explore his kinky side without hesitation .
kane nuzzled the back of her head , breathing in the lavender scent of her shampoo .
not even the sweet scent of lavender that ginger favored calmed him down .
ginger was truly lost - in the solid heat of kane 's body , surrounded by his earthy scent , his hard muscles pressed against her softness .
followed by the sweet scent of wild summer roses , the crisp , clean tang of freshly laundered clothes hanging on the line , and an earthy trace of newly mown grass .
it 's unbelievably creamy and the almond scent is to die for . ''
we 're working on a new liquid hand soap that 'll infuse the scent of chokecherry blossoms . ''
the warmth of kane 's body and his familiar scent enveloped her as he sat beside her .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his familiar scent : cologne , starch on his shirt collar and the underlying hint of his heated flesh .
jack rested his chin on the top of keely 's head , losing himself in the sweet lilac scent of her hair and drifted off .
the pungent scent of pot smoke wafted out of mike 's truck as brandt opened the door .
steam that hung heavy and damp with the sweet scent of her soap .
the scent of her shampoo drifted into his nose , filled his lungs .
the scent was hard to place - a mix of fruit and honey .
but beneath that aroma was the undeniable heady scent of jessie .
` ` every night after you get out of the shower and the scent of your shaving cream drifts out of the bathroom i fantasize about you rubbing your face and that scent over every inch of my skin . ''
` ` every night after you get out of the shower and the scent of your shaving cream drifts out of the bathroom i fantasize about you rubbing your face and that scent over every inch of my skin . ''
i like your scent all over me .
the clean scent of a freshly showered and shaved brandt surrounded her .
inhaling the scents of popcorn , nachos , hot dogs and mini - donuts drifting from the concession stand .
and the scent of his skin ... god , she wanted to bury her nose between his shoulder blades and fill her lungs with all that masculine goodness .
rub her face against his taut flesh , wearing the scent of his skin on hers .
no matter where they 'd ended up living as she was growing up , her mom carried the scents jessie associated with home ; coffee , aqua net hairspray , double mint gum and jergen 's cherry - almond lotion .
normally she took a second to breathe in the tangy scents of oregano , tomato sauce , spicy meat and cheese , and the earthy aroma of baking crust .
the familiar scents of hay , manure , dirt , grain and grease did n't offer the usual comfort , especially when she heard harsh grunts and the hard and fast thud thud thud of one object striking another .
ava breathed in the familiar scent of wet sand and exhaled slowly .
as he slowly unwrapped his food , the familiar scent of spicy chili , creamy cheese , tangy mustard and onion caused a sharp pang , not of hunger , of homesickness .
bending her head , she inhaled this warm , intimate scent before she sucked the soft c**k into her mouth .
but if he had to spend another f**king minute in the truck cab with ava , surrounded by the scent of her lotion , the sight of her pink - tipped toes tapping on his dashboard and the p**n queen way she sucked on licorice , he 'd go insane .
burying his face between her shoulder blades , sucking in her scent with every ragged breath , he came in a hot , fast rush .
heat beat down , but being so high up , a constant breeze stirred the air , bringing the scent of sun warmed pine and chalky dust .
the familiar scent of leather and denim greeted chase as he stepped into western spirit .
then he 'd made love to her , face to face , heart to heart , drunk on the scent of her skin , high on the sound of his name drifting from her sweet lips as a breathy moan , overwhelmed by her .
ainsley turned her head slightly , drawing in the clean scent of bennett 's skin .
she nuzzled his pectoral , breathing in his warm , earthy scent .
breathing in the scent of her passion - warmed skin , he dragged openmouthed kisses from the sweep of her shoulder , up and down both sides of her neck , back and forth from her jawbone to her clavicle .
ben placed a kiss on the back of her head , inhaling the subtle scent of her shampoo .
he wet a washcloth and soaped up , filling the humid space with a piney scent .
he buried his face in her neck , searching for the honey - almond scent that drove him wild .
whether it was pine burning in the woodstove , or the scent of freshly cut lumber , or the aroma of cedar curls beneath his feet .
the scent of his skin so close she could taste his sweat on her tongue .
he inhaled a deep breath , bringing her scent inside him , allowing it to calm him .
the scent of cherries traveled from his nose straight to his crotch .
he inhaled and the scent of her hair filled his lungs .
tell 's mind shut down to everything but the scent of her hair and the minty taste of her mouth as their tongues dueled .
she 'd never paid much attention to a man 's scent before , but his was so distinctive - sunshine , salty musk , the subtle aroma of laundry soap and a hint of lime shaving cream .
she wondered if his scent would linger on her skin all day .
as soon as she was in position , he nuzzled the back of her head , breathing in her scent .
the sweet - smelling scent of woman roused him .
` ` georgia , '' he whispered , breathing in the heady scent of her hair .
he rubbed his lips over her crown , breathing in the scent of her , murmuring assurances he 'd be there for her , no matter what .
breathing in a lungful of clean air , she knew she 'd miss the scent of sage and how scorching hot days were tempered into cool mountain nights .
would his sweat carry the clean scent she associated with him ?
his shirt was damp and she breathed in his scent .
imagined turning her head and breathing in the scent of gavin 's skin .
sustaining a kiss was difficult as he scaled the stairs , so he filled his lungs with her honeysuckle scent .
as soon as she opened the flaps , a heavy perfume poured out .
body heat and his lover 's sweet honeysuckle scent surrounded him .
gavin was so close his body - heat - warmed cologne drifted into her nose until her entire being filled with his scent .
he nuzzled her temple , and her honeysuckle scent teased his nose .
a cool blast of air and the scent of lemon pledge greeted her in the cavernous foyer .
rielle rubbed her face over gavin 's upper body , inhaling his clean and musky scent .
the scent of his body wash sent her thoughts back to how thoroughly gavin had rocked her world in this shower .
` ` i love your scent .
but the only scent carried on the wind was manure and a hint of vi 's perfume .
but the only scent carried on the wind was manure and a hint of vi 's perfume .
inhaling her familiar scent .
then the familiar scent of soap wafted out on a humid wave as trevor exited the bathroom .
he loved that beneath trevor 's musky scent , edgard could still smell chassie on his skin .
he nuzzled the back of her head , breathing in the lilac scent of her shampoo .
the cloying scent of lilies caused his throat to swell , cutting off his air supply .
dalton kissed her cheek and caught a whiff of the perfume she wore on special occasions .
his c**k behaved as long as he did n't bury his face in her sweet smelling hair , or fill his lungs with the addicting scent of her skin .
a dozen red candles scattered about , filling the room with a subtle scent and a soft light .
a subtle scent of apples and cinnamon wafted over them as the heater kicked on , stirring the candle - scented air .
her scent both stirred and soothed him .
a sugary sweet scent perfumed the air .
rory nuzzled his groin , the musky scent familiar and it always made her wet .
rory drifted into that floaty space , where her body was primed , her senses were attuned to the heat and scent of his body .
maybe you could ask him what product he used that left behind the lemony fresh scent .
when he stood behind her , close enough to catch a whiff of hair spray and her perfume , his heart knocked in his chest .
her soft body and sweet scent had him pulling her closer as they moved together to the music .
or at least put his lips on her forehead and bathe his lungs in her scent .
the smoothness of his cheeks , the strength in his jaw , the wonderful scent of his body heat drifting from beneath the collar of his shirt .
she inhaled the soapy scent of his shaving cream and rubbed her lips across his jawbone .
carolyn pressed her lips to the center of his chest , and immediately his musky , masculine scent surrounded her .
it 's like the hair traps the scents of musk and salt and that outdoorsy scent , then it becomes you . ''
it 's like the hair traps the scents of musk and salt and that outdoorsy scent , then it becomes you . ''
the way the rain released the flowery scent of her shampoo and the powdery sweet aroma of her perfume .
the way the rain released the flowery scent of her shampoo and the powdery sweet aroma of her perfume .
this close to his groin she caught a whiff of his musky male scent that even the soap from his shower could n't mask .
she brushed her lips over her mother 's cheek , getting a whiff of evening in paris , her mother 's favorite perfume .
to wash off the scent of another woman 's perfume ?
she sucked his shaft to the root , loving the musky scent of his pubic hair and the taste of her sex juices mixed with his as she held him deep in her throat .
he could n't lower his protective face shield to nuzzle her temple , hoping for just a hint of the scent of her skin or her makeup or her shampoo .
` ` it 's a sachet i made using carolyn 's favorite scent from sky blue .
carson was too choked up to say anything when the sweet scent of his wife filled his lungs .
the familiar scent of musk and man instantly readied her body for his .
the softness of her lips and the sweep of her breath on his skin , the scent of her shampoo and the occasional teardrop were a potent mix of love and fear and gratitude .
his outdoorsy scent filled her senses .
the scent of jasmine and lemon blossom flooded her senses as a blurred , round shadow of a person rushed toward them , chattering in animated greek .
or even notice how good andreas smelled , with that clean , spicy , male scent of his .
she did n't dare turn around and face him , he was just too close , and one more lungful of his fresh scent would be her ruin .
he buried his face into the crook of her neck , clawing her intensely feminine perfume deep into his lungs , and felt his arousal jerk with impatient agony .
he took her by the shoulders , closing his eyes as he buried his face in her hair and breathed in her spicy floral scent .
she jumped with surprise as a soft flutter of black velvet brushed her arm and left a trace of expensive perfume .
there , the clatter of a busy kitchen and the tantalizing scents of fish and meat being seared on a hot grill helped to distract her from her fears , and andreas 's possessive arm about her waist made everything feel wonderful again .
the smell of her scent on the pillow beside me makes me feel something i have n't admitted to feeling in a while : lonely .
i inhale appreciatively as his scent clings to the pillow .
instead , i pull her closer and breathe in the floral scent of her hair against my nose .
then there was the perfume i smelled on him , and when i asked him about it , he actually had the nerve to get angry with me for questioning him .
i automatically close my arms around her , breathing in her familiar scent .
he runs his nose down my neck , smelling my scent as he does so often before dropping a soft kiss there .
he pulled her into his arms and held her close , breathing in her earthy scent .
then jacob spritzed her with expensive perfume and they left in a flurry of upkeep instructions and air kisses .
not only from her intoxicating scent , but also from his body 's reaction to her .
and that was when his scent filled her nostrils .
the scent of her ongoing heat filling up the air between them .
she could practically feel the wide eyes of family and servants on them as their tongues mingled inside each other 's mouths and the scent of her arousal once again rose between them .
and just like that , she felt herself creaming down below as the scent of her arousal rose up in the air and any reservations about having sex with her fated mate flew out of her head .
his own scent , all forest , and longhouse , and burning fires filled her nose as he covered her with his body , before driving himself into her .
and as he stood there with her now , slightly intoxicated by her simple scent , he did n't dare kiss her for fear he would n't be able to stop .
he could smell the sandalwood scent she wore in the hallway outside his room .
maybe if she had n't come in with the scent of soap and some fruity shampoo clinging to her body and hair , like a shower was enough to scrub off what she 'd been doing with her other lover .
the faint smell of perfume hit him immediately .
expensive and sophisticated , very much the kind of scent a man would buy for his girlfriend .
doing his best to resist the urge to punch fairgood all over again , he turned toward the smell of perfume and said , ` ` josie , i know you do n't want to see me .
his wife 's scent , a mixture of whatever she used in her hair and the perfume she 'd spritzed on for the wedding , lingered , filling up his nose .
his wife 's scent , a mixture of whatever she used in her hair and the perfume she 'd spritzed on for the wedding , lingered , filling up his nose .
a warm breeze blew through the space bringing a heady floral scent with it , like a blessing from the greek gods .
but his jacket was warm , and she liked the spicy , dark scent of the cologne he 'd decided to wear tonight .
grace rolled her eyes again as a subtle wind swept across the yard and a faint scent of sandalwood wafted around them .
her body on fire from his nearness and the scent of sandalwood that filled her head , grace blushed as she remembered her words to selena .
to a safe distance in the bed where he could no longer smell her sweet feminine scent , feel the heat of her body beneath the covers .
julian closed his eyes , savoring the scent of her body beneath his , the feel of her arms wrapped around him .
she closed her eyes as the scent of sandalwood filled her head .
he dipped his head lower , down to her neck so close that she could feel his breath falling against her skin , smell the warm , clean scent of him .
the soft , feminine scent of flowers surrounded him .
the warm scent of sandalwood filled her head as she listened to his heart beating fiercely under her cheek while his tanned biceps flexed next to her face .
julian closed his eyes as he inhaled the sweet , pleasant floral scent of her hair .
and his scent ...
it was all she could do not to turn over and bury her nose in the warm , spicy scent of his skin .
` ` i should have let them marry , '' julian said as he cupped grace 's head with his arm , and buried his face against her neck to inhale the sweet comfort of her scent .
smell the sweet scent of her body .
grace wrapped her arms around his neck and laid her head on his chest where she just breathed in the warm , sandalwood scent of his body .
all he could feel was grace 's skin on his , smell her sweet floral scent .
never in her life had she felt anything more arousing than his weight on her or smelled anything more exciting than the spicy , manly scent of him .
even more disturbing , his welcoming scent of leather and sandalwood invaded her head .
closing his eyes , he breathed her sweet , feminine scent as his body throbbed and ached for her with a primitive need .
he was on fire as he inhaled the sweet rosy scent of her .
before she knew what he was about , he stepped forward , overwhelming her with his masculine scent and power , then he took her hand that was cuffed to him and pressed it against his swollen groin .
closing her eyes , she breathed in the spicy scent of his skin and tasted the heat of his mouth .
and he could have sworn her scent was on his pillows .
` ` no , '' he whispered against her hair , trying not to inhale the sweet rose scent .
the windows were open and a gentle mediterranean breeze blew across the room , carrying the scent of sea , flowers , and olives .
kyrian buried his face in her hair and breathed the sweet scent of her .
his scent clung to her , and she reveled in it .
her scent was all over him .
her rose scent invaded his head , making him dizzy and hot .
` ` amanda , '' he breathed as her rose scent encircled his head , beguiling him .
but what she liked most about this stranger was the warm masculine and leather scent of him .
the raw , manly scent of him invaded her as she felt his muscles flex around her .
her patchouli - and - turpentine scent intoxicated him and he ached to pull the hem of her dress up and slide his hand over her lush thighs to her ...
closing his eyes , he inhaled her unique scent and let it wash over him .
he smiled in sleepy pleasure as he smelled the scent of turpentine and patchouli on his skin .
in his mind , he could imagine walking up to her , pulling her back against his front , and just inhaling her warm patchouli scent .
not really , talon thought as he held her and inhaled her warm patchouli scent .
his warmth and scent clung to it , making her want to snuggle in deep .
her feminine scent invaded his head as her graceful hand tugged at his hair .
pain ripped through him as he closed his eyes and inhaled her unique scent .
inhaling her precious scent , he rolled over and found his bed empty .
talon closed his eyes and inhaled the sweet scent of her skin .
her woodsy patchouli scent would surround him as she writhed to his touch and moaned in ecstasy .
he frowned at her words until he smelled something almost as enticing as her patchouli scent .
distracted by her taste and scent , he answered without thinking .
talon had already caught a whiff of the strange spicy orange scent that seemed to permeate sunshine 's body .
he fisted his hand in her hair , inhaled her warm patchouli scent , and just reveled in the peace he felt while holding her .
the entire time the scent and feel of her permeated him , making his emotions even more volatile .
her scent permeated his head , covered his body , heightening his senses .
the smell of woman , smoke , and roses permeated him and he felt a desperate need to bend down , bury his face against her creamy skin , and just inhale her sweet scent .
it was the scent of roses and wood , the clear pale eyes of a woman .
but it was the scent in the air that made him ache .
that scent made him so hard and stiff , he hurt .
zarek , following the scent of baking bread , limped his way to the baker 's stand .
the scent was wonderful .
he inhaled her warm , sweet scent and reveled in the newfound emotions that tore through him .
zarek 's head swam from the sweet scent and feel of astrid in his arms .
zarek 's head buzzed with the scent and taste of astrid .
she inhaled his scent , drank from the tenderness of his lips .
as he drifted back to sleep , he could almost swear he smelled the faint scent of roses and powder on his skin .
clearing his throat , he did his best to ignore her and the light scent of roses that drifted from her over to him .
her scent and taste stirred him to a level he 'd never known before .
her scent of roses and powder made him drunk .
no , he thought as he buried his lips against the column of her throat and inhaled her rose scent .
the two of them fell silent while wulf closed his eyes and let her scent of roses permeate him .
she snuggled closer to him and inhaled his warm , masculine scent .
he buried his face in her hair and inhaled the soft womanly scent of her .
it was all he could do not to dip his head down to her shoulder and just inhale her scent until he was drunk with it .
there was a black victorian choker that had her scent all over it .
she inhaled the warm scent of vane 's skin .
it was tinged with some sort of aftershave and a rich , masculine scent .
the smell of her perfume and skin intoxicated him .
he leaned his head against her neck and just reveled in her scent .
her scent went through him , piercing and hot , along with images of what she 'd looked like in complete surrender to him .
< br/ > vane watched her closely as her scent wrapped around him .
she melted instantly as she inhaled the masculine scent of him and his aftershave .
vane dipped his head down to the crook of her neck where he inhaled her scent .
` ` i wish you were mine , '' he breathed , inhaling the warm scent of her skin .
i had a strange scent to me that they assumed was the power . ''
his scent surrounded her , making her heart pound at his presence .
bride closed her eyes as she inhaled the warm , masculine scent of vane and considered just how much she would love to gobble him up .
for the first time , he smelled the perfume on her sheets .
he held it to his nose and inhaled her scent .
of her scent and soft curves wrapped around him .
tabitha inhaled the rich , masculine scent of him as she took her time tasting his body .
not to mention that the fresh , clean scent of his skin could undo even the worst mood imaginable .
she inhaled his rich , welcoming scent , which soothed her even more than his touch .
he cupped her br**sts in his hands while the scent of their passion filled his head .
tabitha pulled down his bedcovers and slid herself between the dark silk sheets that held his spicy mascuhne scent .
and it was all he could do not to bend his head and bury his face against her soft , tender neck and inhale the scent of her .
her sweet scent permeated his head and created images of her nak*d and pliant in his bed .
she felt him pick her braid up and hold it close to his face so that he could inhale her scent .
he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply as if he were savoring the scent of her skin .
he placed her open palm to his cheek , reveling in the softness , the scent of her flesh .
she lay in the bed with the scent of alexion strong in her head .
leaning forward , danger inhaled his warm scent while singing an old french lullaby that her mother used to sing to her whenever she was upset .
holding her close , he buried his head against her neck , inhaled her scent and wept .
he leaned forward ever so slightly so that he could discreetly inhale the scent of her .
her skin was warm and sweet and held traces of talcum powder and a spicy wood scent of lotion .
he wanted to know every scent and curve of her flesh ... his hormones were playing havoc with him .
it held the faintest trace of maggie 's sweet , feminine scent .
the masculine scent of his skin and aftershave set fire to her hormones .
wren could n't breathe as the scent of her washed over him .
she had a unique scent of woman and tea rose laced with the finesse shampoo that she used .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of her as he lifted her skirt even more so that he could feel the softness of her thighs .
` ` i want your scent all over me .
the scent of her filled his head , making him want to stay here like this forever .
he longed to brush his lips against that spot so that he could inhale her precious scent .
she leaned her head against wren 's neck so that she could inhale the unique scent of him .
his scent and taste ran through her , making her drunk with need .
the scent of him soothed her even while it tickled her nose .
the scent of it was overwhelming .
it brought the soft , delicate scent of her skin right up to him .
he wanted to bathe in her scent .
smell her scent .
susan closed her eyes and inhaled the warm scent of him .
pulling back , he lay his cheek against hers and inhaled the floral scent of her hair ... at least until she sneezed .
the air was fragrant with sea salt , olive oil from the merchant carts , and bright sunlight in a homey scent that was completely unique to this region .
closing her eyes , she allowed the scent of his raw , earthy maleness to seep into her until it made her completely drunk with pleasure .
geary leaned her head against the hollow of his muscular shoulder so that she could just breathe in his scent and let it soothe her .
closing his eyes , arik could still smell the scent of megeara 's flesh .
closing his eyes , hades held it to his nose and gently inhaled the scent .
he bent his head low so that he could inhale her sweet , feminine scent of open air and woman misted with a light touch of perfume .
he bent his head low so that he could inhale her sweet , feminine scent of open air and woman misted with a light touch of perfume .
arik leaned his cheek against her head and inhaled the sweet scent of sea and woman .
the smell of fish , spices , and perfumes had hung heavy here as the capitol city had glistened on a mountain from behind stone walls .
geary smiled at the gesture as she took them and cupped them to her nose so that she could inhale their sweet scent .
a weird sense of deja vu went through her , along with the scent of his aftershave and the strength of his body .
the air was fresh and laced with a sweet scent .
the wind was gentle as it stirred the scent of hyacinth and lilac .
and because it held acheron 's scent apollymi kept it ever near her so that she could feel closer to the son she could never touch .
the warm scent of her skin intoxicated him .
the scent of his skin filled her head and made her want to bury her face against his neck so that she could bathe in that scent .
the scent of his skin filled her head and made her want to bury her face against his neck so that she could bathe in that scent .
he loved the scent of her skin and breath , the feel of her body against his .
she laid her head on his chest and just inhaled the masculine scent of his body .
he leaned his head against hers and inhaled the sweet scent of her hair and skin .
she moved even closer to him so that she could bury her face against his neck and inhale the scent of him ... and his blood .
while she talked , the scent of her body hung heavy in sin 's head and , to his surprise , he could feel his c**k starting to harden again .
and as he lay there , lost in the scent and sensation that was katra , he drifted off to sleep .
he missed the scent of her skin and hair .
her scent had comforted him on a level that was unimaginable .
before he could stop himself , he lifted the pajamas to his nose and smelled the gentle scent that was unique to kat .
the scent of sin and whisky filled her head , and her heart raced .
he wanted her scent all over him .
his masculine scent filled her senses ... it 'd been so long since she last tasted passion .
but as he did so and caught a teasing scent of her feminine skin , he realized that there was something left in this world that mattered to him .
alone now , he breathed in the scent of leta 's hair .
it contained her scent and that brought another set of tears to his eyes .
lifting it up , she inhaled the scent that was uniquely fang 's .
to bury his face in the crook of her neck so that he could inhale her scent until it clung to his skin .
xypher breathed the scent of her in , letting it wash over him .
smiling , jaden inhaled the scent of his blood before he again drank it .
the colors , the scents , the sounds ... she experienced the world in a whole new way .
it was a light musky scent ... unfamiliar to her .
bad imagery , '' before xypher could answer , the scent intensified .
he paused as a scent filled his nostrils .
from the warm , masculine scent of his body .
xypher nuzzled her , letting the scent of her body mark his .
he pressed his cheek to hers and inhaled her precious scent .
she hugged the pillow to her chest and inhaled the warm masculine scent .
my heart pounding , i moved forward and noticed a strong scent of oranges in the air .
the orange scent i 'd smelled was from the aphrodisiac they used to make him crave sex and the other was an inhaled substance to make him more pliant and accepting of what was done to him .
as i watched him inhale the scent of an apple before he added it to the bunch he 'd picked , i was struck by how much he 'd changed these last few months .
the musty scent of sex hung heavy in the room and i tried not to look at the freshly made bed .
the scent of roses clung to her skin .
closing her eyes , she leaned into him and inhaled that intoxicating scent that was all male and all him .
artemis leaned her head against his shoulder and inhaled his masculine scent .
still the scent of the baby stayed with him , as did the image of innocence .
holding it up , she inhaled the sweet scent and debated whether or not she ever wanted to lay eyes on the troll again .
yet he had this sudden compulsion to lean forward and just breathe in her scent .
close enough that he could smell the precious scent of tory mixed with peaches from her shampoo .
as she did so , the scent of leather and acheron struck her hard .
snuggled up against his hot body as the clean scent of him filled her nostrils ... surely there was nothing better to be found .
pulling her against him , he buried his face in her hair and inhaled the sweetness of her scent .
it was a scent he wanted to bathe in until it coated every inch of his flesh and branded him as hers .
the scent of leather and masculine skin made her instantly wet .
he nodded as he leaned his head against hers and inhaled the scent of her hair .
it was n't until the scent of acheron hit her and he kissed her deeply that she smiled and laughed in relief .
licking his lips , he inhaled the scent of feminine flesh that covered the veins he wanted to puncture ... eat .
all he knew was that the scent of soteria filled his head and he had to be inside her .
he leaned close enough to her hair that he could inhale the delicate scent of valerian mixed with lavender .
all he had to do was smell the slightest whiff of her lavender and valerian scent and he was rife with need .
her perfume .
he smelled of male and spicy aftershave that blended well with her own scent .
his head swam with the scent of her , the sensation of her br**sts pressing against his chest while the small hairs at the juncture of her thighs rubbed against his hip .
he brushed a lock of her hair off her shoulder , his fingers lingering on her neck as he leaned close to inhale her scent .
the tile of her in her wedding dress and a small vial of her perfume .
lifting it to his face , he closed his eyes and inhaled the sweet scent of it and imagined what it would be like to make love to her until they were both sated .
unable to resist , he brushed his hand down her supple arm while he leaned forward to breathe her scent in .
her lips met his as he inhaled the warm scent of her body .
most of all , he wanted to bathe in her scent until it was branded into his senses .
as he held his jacket against his chest , her scent hit him full force with a wave so strong he wanted to howl from it .
instead , he buried his face against the collar where her scent was the strongest .
he did n't smell bear , he only smelled aimee and it was a delectable scent .
fang left her lips to finally bury his face against her neck so that he could breathe in her scent .
the scent of his skin filled her head .
fang stood there in the darkness , savoring the last remnants of her scent on the breeze .
she closed her eyes as she inhaled the scent of his tawny skin and let his tongue dance with hers .
instead , he leaned in to breathe her lilac scent in one more time .
but at least her scent lingered on his skin like a phantom whisper .
her touch was as branded on his senses as her scent and there was no relief in sight .
his only response was to hold her hand against his cheek as the soft lavender scent of her wrist soothed him .
fang did n't speak the entire way up the mahogany stairs as the lavender scent of aimee captured him .
he ravaged her , exploring every part until her scent was branded into him .
her arms felt so good around him as her scent filled his head .
he pressed the locket to his lips so that he could inhale the scent of her and remember the last sight before she left .
the scent of blood hung in his nostrils , enticing him .
breathe in her scent and remember the nights when they 'd been together .
holding her in front of him , he brushed her hair from her neck so that he could inhale her scent .
he took their weight from her as he laid his cheek against hers and let her scent intoxicate him .
he bent down to take one last breath in her hair so that her scent would give him strength and carry him to his grave .
the warm scent of woman and leather made the bear inside him sit up and purr and it was all he could do not to nuzzle that soft neck that seemed to invite him in for a taste .
the scent of her skin filled his head and all he could see was the image he 'd told her he was going to imagine .
what was it with the mere mention of sam 's name or the scent of her skin that drove him into mindless sexcapade mode ?
sam balled her fist in dev 's hair as she buried her face in his neck to inhale the warm masculine scent of his skin .
the warm masculine scent of dev was all around her .
to have one of those precious moments back when she used to bury her face in her daughter 's curls and inhale that sweet baby scent ...
the scent of his skin teased her as she felt an overwhelming need to nip his chin .
breathe him in until she was drunk on his scent ... dev came awake to the sweetest kiss he 'd ever been given .
catching her leap , dev staggered back as he held her close and inhaled the scent of her soft hair .
and as he flew , sister wind carried a new scent to him .
her blood rushed thick through her veins as she buried her face in his neck and inhaled the warm scent of his skin .
the scent of her hair filled his head as his heart thumped wildly .
she buried her face against his shoulder , inhaling his scent .
he ran his hands through her hair , inhaling the scent of it as it stirred around them .
lifting his hand to her lips , she inhaled the deep masculine scent of his skin , then kissed his scarred knuckles .
cupping her face and soaking in that gleam in her eyes , he leaned his forehead against hers and took a moment to inhale the sweet scent of her skin .
he closed his eyes to savor the scent as it ran through his blood like fire .
wanting distraction from the past that hurt too much to even contemplate , and the future that was n't looking any better , she returned to the bedroom , where the warm pleasant scent of food beckoned her to the desk .
the warm scent of her filled his head , making his heartbeat race .
more than that , she could smell the masculine scent of his skin and hair .
more than that , he wanted to bury his face in the hollow of her throat and inhale her scent until he was dizzy with pleasure .
he inhaled her exquisite scent , treasuring it above all .
what he would n't give to have her precious scent on his skin .
she poured syrup over her pancakes and savored the delectable scent .
he could almost smell the warm scent of her skin .
subdued by his somber thoughts , he lay back on the bed that was covered with her sweet scent .
he wanted to sit here and just breathe her scent in for as long as he could .
more than that , she smelled the faint scent of peppermint and jurgen 's lotion .
not while her sweet scent filled his head .
skin that looked as soft as the hair he really wanted to bury his face into so that he could inhale her delicate scent .
the scent of pine hung thick in the air , stinging her throat .
his heart pounded under her cheek while the warm , masculine scent of his skin soothed her .
she really , really wanted to bury her face into the crook of his neck and inhale his warm , masculine scent .
the scent of her skin and the taste of her mouth sent his body into overdrive .
pulling back , he buried his face in the crook of her neck so that he could smell the faint remnants of her perfume .
valerian had always been one of his favorite scents , and on her ... his mouth watered .
ren ignored her as he inhaled the scent of kateri 's skin and felt her warmth against him .
ren closed his eyes as her scent hit him all over again .
kneeling down , he touched her wrist and leaned down to inhale the precious valerian scent that she wore .
a scent that would haunt him forever , along with the gentleness of her touch .
the thought of their face , the scent of their skin brings a light to that darkness so bright that it drives out everything else . ''
fear has such a wonderfully romantic scent to it that they ought to turn it into cologne and deodorant .
the scent of her hung heavy in his nostrils , reminding him of a time when that scent had clung to his body .
the scent of her hung heavy in his nostrils , reminding him of a time when that scent had clung to his body .
wincing , he could still imagine the way her scent had clung to his sheets and pillows ...
closing her eyes , she inhaled the scent of them and caressed the muscles of his arm .
his masculine scent of aftershave and shampoo filled her head , making her heart pound .
the warm scent of his skin filled her head and it was all she could do to focus on traffic and not those teasing lips that she suddenly wanted to taste .
she opened her mouth to taste him fully and let the scent of warm , spicy cologne and ace fill her head .
she had to force herself not to lean her head forward the few inches it would take to bury her nose in the hollow of his throat and just inhale his spiced , manly scent .
better still it was innately rhea , right down to the soft , sweet scent of her perfume that hovered in the air .
better still it was innately rhea , right down to the soft , sweet scent of her perfume that hovered in the air .
his body stirred instantly and it was all he could do not to close his eyes and just inhale the seductive scent .
the next thing she knew , she was in donovan 's arms , held unrelentingly against his chest , enveloped in his scent and his heat , no words spoken as his mouth trapped hers in a breath - stealing kiss .
savannah gyrated against him , pleasure flushing her skin , her scent rising hot and musky between them .
the intoxicating scent of their combined sweat and arousal filled the air .
her scent filled his senses , and the softness of her skin made his mouth water .
and yet there was no denying what he felt anytime he caught the sweet floral scent of sumi 's hair .
lifting a lock , he inhaled her sweet scent .
his senses light , he brushed his face against the softest hair he 'd ever felt and inhaled her unique scent .
closing his eyes , he let her scent wash over him as stupid fantasies tormented him with things he knew he could n't have .
hauk closed his eyes and savored the warmth of her skin on his and the scent of her hair as he fought the craving inside to kiss her .
instead , she cupped his cheeks in her gentle hands as he suckled the sweetness of her skin and breathed her scent in .
wanting to bathe in that precious scent , he nuzzled his face between her br**sts while her hands played in his hair .
sumi came awake to the warm , luscious scent of dancer 's skin under her cheek .
he loosened his hold as he kept his face pressed against her stomach and inhaled the sweetest scent he 'd ever known .
you press it and select which scent you want .
smiling at him , she brushed his damp hair back from his face and savored the scent of his skin .
sighing , she laid her head down on his shoulder and buried her hand in his braids , while she savored the scent of his warm skin .
hauk buried his face against sumi 's neck and inhaled the warm , sweet scent of her hair and skin .
closing his eyes , he breathed in the scent of ture 's warm body .
ture pressed his face against maris 's hair so that he could inhale his scent .
the scent of his skin filled his head , making him drunker than any wine .
maris smiled as he buried his face against the nape of ture 's neck and inhaled the warm scent of his skin .
chapter 6 maris came awake to an empty bed , but the most incredible scent he 'd ever smelled wafted through the room .
rising , maris pressed his cheek to ture 's , and closed his eyes as he savored the warm scent of ture 's skin .
he started to panic until the wonderful scent of maris 's skin and cologne hit him .
the fresh , manly scent of his skin and hair filled her senses .
it was such a sharp , spicy scent .. all man and all good .
more than that , he wanted to bury his face in it and inhale until he was drunk on her scent .
his body held a warm , delicious scent .
the scent and feel of her was unlike anything he 'd ever known .
it was a wonderful , unmistakable scent and it made her stomach rumble as she watched devyn cooking it .
closing his eyes , he inhaled the scent of her and debated the sanity of trusting her .
the scent of him , masculine and powerful , lingered on his sheets .
more than that , he could still smell her sweet scent .
he inhaled the scent of her skin before he lifted his head and claimed her lips .
a crisp , clean scent of leather and man filled her head .
closing her eyes , she breathed in the warm , manly scent of him as his tongue gently probed her mouth , dancing with hers before his teeth nipped tenderly at her bottom lip .
syn closed his eyes , savoring the succulent velvet of her mouth as he inhaled the pure scent of female .
she gasped as she realized the scent of musk in the towel smelled just like syn .
she could feel his body heat , smell the masculine scent of his skin , and even though she was sure she imagined it , she could almost swear she heard his heart pound in fury .
shahara relaxed against his chest and allowed the scent and warmth of his body to engulf her .
closing his eyes , he held her against his chest and let the sweet scent of her hair soothe him .
maybe it was the wine - and he 'd drunk a lot of it - or the scent of lilac that drifted from her hair , or maybe his earlier thoughts , but something sent wave after wave of heat to his groin .
leaning against his muscular back , she wrapped her arms around his waist and inhaled the scent of his skin .
closing his eyes , he inhaled the scent of shahara 's skin .
syn buried his face against her neck and inhaled the sweet feminine scent of her body .
his warm masculine scent wrapped around her like an old comfortable blanket .
her stomach growled at the wonderful scent of roasted meat and vegetables .
syn chose one of the multitude of ornate glass bottles of scents and bubbles that had been set at the foot of the tub and poured it into the rushing water .
closing his eyes , he took a deep breath and let the scent of her hair shake him to the core of his being .
the sweet scent of her body filled his heightened senses , making him want to bury his face against her throat and inhale her as he cupped one of those perfect br**sts in his hand .
and as nykyrian relaxed behind her , she found herself following suit as the deep thump of his heart and the warm scent of his skin lulled her .
the soft scent of flowers drifted from her hair that had been sprayed with glitter and braided with pieces of ribbon and lace .
smelling the sweet scent of her body .
nykyrian smelled kiara 's exotic perfume and yearned to bury his lips in the sweet , scented flesh of her neck .
so he loosely enclosed her as her scent stirred his body to a level of desire he 'd never before tasted .
she could smell the clean scent of soap from his skin .
nykyrian buried his lips against kiara 's neck , finally inhaling the sweet fragrance of her exotic perfume .
the scent of her skin hung heavy in his nostrils while he ran his hand down her silken arm in a tender caress .
he leaned his head against kiara 's hair and inhaled her scent that drove away those horrors .
it was a warm musky scent that made her instantly wet .
her scent and soft skin succored him like nothing ever had .
he buried his face against her neck and let her scent send him over the edge so that he could join her .
kiara buried her face against the opening of his shirt and inhaled the warm scent of his skin .
her touch and scent lingered on his skin as he realized why he could n't listen to syn .
the stench of cheap alcohol and expensive perfume and aftershave lodged in her throat .
he buried himself deep inside her and held her close as he breathed in her precious scent .
she kissed the salty flesh of his neck , reveling in the deep masculine scent of his skin .
kiara used to love sitting in the well - manicured garden behind the palace , breathing in the scent of all the flowers blooming around her , sunlight warming her skin , not doing anything except enjoying the sweet air , gossiping with tiyana .
mike opened his mouth to speak , but before he could , a trace of a scent washed over all three of them instantaneously .
her scent washed over him , even stronger than before .
he could n't breathe as her scent filled his entire being .
she nuzzled his neck , inhaling the warm spicy scent of his masculine skin .
and still he wanted to bury his face against her hair and inhale the sweet scent of her .
even before the scent of sweet lilies reached his senses , he 'd known she was here with him .
the warmth of his body and rich , manly scent of his skin made her head reel in a way it never had before .
bathymaas was n't sure what to expect , but as his tongue swept across hers and his scent filled her head , something inside her splintered .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her precious scent and wished they could be like this forever .
closing his eyes , he let her scent and warmth ease him .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her sweet lily scent , wishing that he could forget everything and leave with her .
he kissed her lightly on the lips and savored the taste and scent of her .
leaning forward , he kissed her and let the scent of her skin and her soft touch erase all the pain inside his heart .
completely lost to her , he buried his face against her neck so that he could inhale her lily scent as he found his own release .
the warm , spicy scent of his skin soothed her .
closing her eyes , erin inhaled the warm , manly scent of v'aidan 's skin .
she could feel his hands gliding over her while she inhaled the warm , manly scent of his skin .
she swore she could still smell the masculine scent of sandalwood that had clung to his skin , sense him in her thoughts .
he leaned down and rested his chin against her shoulder and inhaled the sweet scent of her skin .
v'aidan gave her a tight squeeze as he inhaled the scent of her hair .
and his smell ... goodness , how she loved the scent of his skin .
there was something calming about that scent of brut and man .
he cupped her face in his hands as she inhaled the sharp scent of his skin and aftershave .
the kind of hair that begged a man to brush his hand through and bury his face in until he was drunk from her feminine scent .
his eyes darkened as he caught a whiff of her scent .
remembering his scent and his kindness .
mingling their scents together .
and honestly , she wanted his scent on her skin .
a nervous jitter went over her like it always did when he stood this close to her , and she could smell the clean , spicy scent of him .
sam leaned back in the black leather seat as she inhaled the warm , spicy scent of him .
she barely reached his shoulders and every time he stood this close to her , he had the worst desire to pick her up in his arms and bury his face in her neck where he could inhale the sweet scent of her skin .
he could still smell her floral scent in the air .
he felt himself harden even more as a wave of her sweet feminine scent permeated his senses .
closing her eyes , she relished the warm scent of him .
the scent of leather and old spice tormented her unmercifully .
adrian 's vision dulled as he inhaled the warm , sweet scent of her skin .
to run his tongue over the tiny ridges as he breathed her scent in .
his entire body burned and , worse , her feminine , floral scent was making him insane .
he buried his lips in the curve of her shoulder , inhaling the sweet scent of her skin .
of feeling her presence , smelling her scent .
her hair held that same delectable scent of fresh flowers and warmth .
it took all of his willpower not to yield to that desire as the scent of her circled him , making him dizzy .
even worse , she could smell the warm , uniquely masculine scent of him .
it was all she could do not to bury her face in the crook of his neck and inhale the intoxicating scent .
she sighed in pleasure as she buried her face in his hair and inhaled the wicked , warm scent that was her husband .
o'connell 's head swam from the scent of her as he buried his face between the soft mounds of her br**sts and licked her salty skin .
when i sat down by you , those two scents hit me at once and i knew instantly what they meant . ''
he 'd picked up a mint scent .
the movement brushed a scent of virile male through the air , stirring her nerves into a scary dance of awareness .
storm padded over until her face was close enough to smell the warm animal scent of his fur .
above the world , surrounded in a warm cocoon of his voice and scent .
blood from the wound ran down his chin , spiking the air with a coppery scent .
her heart bled a little each time she inhaled his scent .
glad to hear the amusement in her voice after what she 'd just gone through , he leaned close , inhaling her delicious scent .
storm turned away and had made it two steps when he sniffed the faint scent of licorice .
` ` you recall smelling a smoky scent of licorice around the beast club last night ? ''
her majik has that same licorice scent . ''
his sandalwood cologne blended nicely with his natural male scent , especially when he was warmed up .
she was sure the spell she used to mix nicole and feenix 's scents had been right .
all he had to do was breathe her scent and she became a part of him .
not because the scent of her blood was exquisite ... making his c**k swell in his pants and his fangs sharpen .
when the mortal had breathed in his scent , going heavy - lidded ... he 'd barely choked back a groan as he shot hard as stone .
thrift - store clothes and cheap perfume in a dingy , leaking trailer .
he would bury his face in her hair and inhale her intoxicating scent , could imagine it so clearly .
curls bounced over her br**sts , tickling the peaks , her tantalizing scent washing over him- wait .
and every intake of air brought his delicious scent into her - woodsy , masculine with a bite .
` ` i love your scent too . ''
the sublime scent of her hair washed over him as her br**sts swayed .
but the sight of her aroused sex and its luscious scent made him lust beyond control .
he inhaled deeply , as if he wanted to take her scent into him- suddenly his body jerked with tension , and he set her away .
he bent down to press his lips to hers , taking her soothing scent within him .
the scents ... was that his blood she smelled ?
no scents lingered , no footsteps in the sand leading away from the entrance .
to shore up his sanity even more , he often returned to his apartment and took elizabeth 's scent into him , burying his face in her silk nightgowns , her pillow .
every time she stepped on green pine needles , their crisp scent erupted .
he 'd just awakened to her sweet scent on the pillow , when the odor of some unlucky varmint frying in the kitchen overwhelmed it .
the wind picked up , bringing traces of scents .
-maybe.- she 'd never forget that perpetually sunny , coastal plane , redolent with the scent of hawaiian tropic , island flowers , and sex .
when she offered her hand , he leaned down to scent and taste it .
he leaned his head down to her neck , drawing deep of her scent , letting her feel his exhalations .
the luscious scent of her sex readying for his length ... nearly put him to his knees .
add to that his masculine scent and barely harnessed lust ...
thronos breathed deeply for her scent , seeking her sorcery .
the material carried the pleasant scent of preserving herbs .
when she tilted her head , her black hair swept over her shoulder , sending tendrils of her scent toward him .
she closes her eyes as she takes in his scent on the cotton .
he notices and takes another step closer , bringing with him warmth and the scent of soap , and i ' m suddenly sure he 's most definitely not looking at my leg .
ocean and green and still the lingering scent of me on his clothes .
i find an empty bench and take a seat , breathing in the fresh air and the scent of summer .
i open the door and am hit with the smell of iris and sage , a scent so warm and earthy , i immediately feel myself relaxing .
the pillow i sleep on every night has nothing on the reality of his scent .
the evening breeze ruffles the back of my hair and the ends tickle my chin as the scent of bread and cigarettes drifts from a cafe we pass on our way to the metro .
the store is open , and the same saleswoman is there , greeting me with the warmth of her smile and the familiar scent of iris .
my skin seems to hum with warmth when i ' m this close to him ; his scent is overwhelming .
but i know the cadence of her tiny gasping breaths as well as i know the smell of her perfume .
the cab was as comfortable as any metal box in the sun , and his sweating driver added to the general perfume in the air .
there was a strong smell of smoke and the leftover perfume of whoever had just passed this way .
the mix of hair spray , cigarette smoke , incense , and colognes and perfumes took his breath away for a moment .
the drink had a heady , intoxicating scent , richer and more delicious than roses .
she picked a petal out of the liquid and crushed it between her thumb and forefinger , releasing more of the scent .
the air smelled of city : of salt and fumes , cooling concrete and garbage , and underneath those familiar smells , the scent of copper , like the tang of a new penny .
that scent he associated with clary , a mix of floral soap and clean cotton , was gone ; he smelled only blood and metal .
there were bunches of white flowers laid here and there on the graves ; she thought at first they were lilies , but they had a spicy , unfamiliar scent that made her wonder if they were native to idris .
he held out the cup , and the smell of blood seemed to waft through the room like the scent of roses through a garden .
a faint scent came with the touch - a pleasant scent , heady and sweet .
a faint scent came with the touch - a pleasant scent , heady and sweet .
she departed , leaving a hazy cloud of jasmine perfume in her wake .
she smelled of shampoo and sweat and gardenia perfume and shadowhunter blood .
she breathed in the scent of him , as familiar as the scent of her own skin .
she breathed in the scent of him , as familiar as the scent of her own skin .
the praetor lupus medallion gleamed at his throat as he leaned forward , and she smelled the familiar scent of his soap , and under that - wolf .
he smelled her perfume - vanilla - and the scent of her skin underneath .
he smelled her perfume - vanilla - and the scent of her skin underneath .
she smelled of shadowhunter - a smell like sun - warmed glass - and underneath that , a rosy perfume .
he could feel the warmth coming off her and could smell her perfume and sweet tequila .
vampires did n't really smell like anything , but the shirt still carried with it the faint , reassuring scent of his laundry soap .
he leaned closer - she smelled like alcohol and rose perfume .
it smelled like him , like his cologne and soap and the scent of his skin .
she liked sweet scents - vanilla , cinnamon , gardenia .
he did n't want to say anything about how clary fit perfectly against him , about how being in a bed with her was as natural as breathing , about the way the scent of her hair reminded him of childhood and sunshine and simplicity and grace .
she was moaning and moving in his arms ; her fingers were in his hair as the two of them rolled sideways , and now she was under him , and his arms were full of the softness and warmth of her , and his mouth with the taste of her , and the scent of her skin , salt and perfume and ... blood .
she was moaning and moving in his arms ; her fingers were in his hair as the two of them rolled sideways , and now she was under him , and his arms were full of the softness and warmth of her , and his mouth with the taste of her , and the scent of her skin , salt and perfume and ... blood .
she recognized the citrusy black - pepper scent , but on him it smelled different .
the scent of it lingered too , like the water from a vase after the flowers have rotted , faint and sweet and spoiled on her skin .
but the scent of her - perfume and blood - made his stomach growl .
the scent of black pepper and soap and cold air clung around him as she pressed her face into his shoulder and breathed him in .
the walls were wood , with the pale color and sharp scent of freshly cut lumber .
the air was rich with their honey scent .
she smelled like clary , perfume and chalk , and her fingers were smudged with color .
the scent of food grew stronger , and then we came upon double glass doors .
fitting my head in the space between his neck and shoulder , i inhaled the smell of soap and the outdoorsy scent that was uniquely his .
recently cleaned , and the smells of lysol and fresh linen were decidedly welcomed scents .
the scent of jasmine and sage was strong in the air .
turning in daemon 's arms , i pressed my face into his chest and inhaled the rich , woodsy scent .
even in the heavily pine - scented air , if i breathed in deeply , i could catch his unique scent , a mix of spice and the outdoors .
closing my eyes , i lowered my head , inhaling the sweet , unique scent that was solely hers , and then i kissed her parted lips .
thick roots hung , dirt clinging to them , and the scent of rich , old soil filled the air .
our footsteps quiet , we stepped inside and were welcomed by the slightly warmer air of the interior and the scent i 'd missed - fresh linen .
i held her tight , inhaling the scent of her perfume and letting it wash over me , easing some of the knots in my- suddenly , arms were around my waist and i was hauled back against a hard chest and stomach .
i held her tight , inhaling the scent of her perfume and letting it wash over me , easing some of the knots in my- suddenly , arms were around my waist and i was hauled back against a hard chest and stomach .
surrounded by a familiar earthy scent , i willed my eyes to open and dragged in a deep breath .
the mingled scents of perfume and body odor turned my stomach .
i pushed open the door to the girls ' bathroom , and the lingering scent of cigarettes and disinfectant washed over me .
` ` fear has a sharp , bitter scent .
the scent of roasted potatoes and the sound of laughter filled the air .
i shoved my hands into the pockets of my jeans and inhaled the scent of decayed leaves and the faint trace of the city 's smog .
the horrible scent of sulfur lingered , but it was no longer potent , and the malicious feeling had vanished .
a metallic scent flooded the air .
our bodies were nearly flush , pieced together , and his musky , wild scent enveloped me .
that sweet , musky scent could belong to no one else .
i closed my eyes , inhaling the crisp winter - mint scent of him .
halfway through class , i caught that scent again - roth 's scent - the sweet and wild flavor that reminded me of his kisses .
halfway through class , i caught that scent again - roth 's scent - the sweet and wild flavor that reminded me of his kisses .
i caught the scent of winter mint right before zayne spun me in his arms .
the moldy scent was familiar , poking around in my head , but i could n't wiggle an exact memory free .
i do n't know what i was expecting to feel by going in here , but nothing could prepare me for the aching void that opened in my heart at the musky scent .
logic told me it would fade one day , but- the sweet , musky smell came out of nowhere , overwhelming the scents of the flowers surrounding me .
no one was there , but his scent lingered as my gaze tracked back to the chaise lounge .
a warm breeze , more like a soft breath of air , caressed my cheek , causing my heart to jump , and then ... then the musky scent faded away , as if it had never been .
i pressed my face against zayne 's chest , inhaling that winter - mint scent of his .
the night air seeped in , bringing with it a certain scent .
the scent grew stronger as i stepped out into the chilly air .
his unique scent invaded my senses , causing my skin to flush in spite of the chilled air .
fresh from the shower , his winter - mint scent filled the air .
his scent was everywhere , and i could practically taste him .
i face - planted in his chest and inhaled his crisp scent .
i breathed in deeply , inhaling the musky scent of old books .
` ` this is familiar , '' announced a smooth , cultured voice as a door swung shut behind us and the faint scent of apples teased my nose .
slipping roth 's shirt on , i was immediately swallowed by the size of it and by his scent .
his scent was everywhere , and when i closed my eyes , inhaling deeply , i remembered being here before , on this bed ... in his arms .
the sweet scent gave him away .
his fresh , winter - mint scent surrounded me , and then his lips brushed the curved of my cheek .
zayne kissed me again , and for a little while , i got lost in his lips and his intoxicating scent and taste .
a musty , dank scent was heavy in the air , as well as the pungent odor of vomit .
the sweet scent of something spicy and wild floated around me .
exhaling slowly , i changed into his clothes and was immediately enveloped in his scent .
i breathed in the faint scent of apples and pumpkin , committing the smell to memory .
the faint winter - mint scent teased my senses .
the faint smell of lemon lingered in the air , a scent that reminded alana gore of her grandmother 's house .
so close she could taste the minty scent of his breath .
the scent of a flower that reminded him of spring , but he could n't place what it was .
to alana , the air in the club was suffocating - hot and heavy with the scent of perfume , cologne , and liquor .
to alana , the air in the club was suffocating - hot and heavy with the scent of perfume , cologne , and liquor .
with trembling hands , she lifted the hem of the borrowed shirt and inhaled the scent .
the scent of shower gel filled the bathroom , which explained the frothy white bubbles that obscured her body except for the sweet swell of her chest and a gracefully bent knee .
he took another step , catching the scent of lilacs and vanilla .
the scent of chandler clung to her skin , even as she pulled the shirt off over her head and dropped it on the floor .
the lovely scent of vanilla and lilac teased his senses and his c**k immediately swelled , more than ready to get a little physical .
cold wind chilled my cheeks , and the scent of snow was in the air as i crossed the lawn leading up to the dorms .
and i immediately stumbled to an awkward stop just inside the bar , losing one of my flip - flops as the familiar scent of beer , cheap perfume , and fried food washed over me .
tears pricked my eyes as i managed to get my arms around his huge shoulders , inhaling the faint scent of fried food and his old spice cologne .
his boots to my toes , his scent surrounded me , and then he dipped his chin .
for some damn reason , i took a deep breath , and yeah , i smelled it , the musky damp scent .
i was going to stay up here , surrounded by the scent of jax 's cologne and the images of all the naughty things we 'd done in here , on the bed , the floor ... the bathroom .
i rolled into his space , catching the faint scent of his cologne , and blinked until my vision adapted to the darkness .
he leaned forward , getting so close to my face with his that i caught the faint scent of cologne .
i had stepped out of the truck and reached for my clubs in the back when i smelled a familiar perfume .
she placed the little bundle in my arms , and her clean baby scent hit my nose .
i was inhaling more frequently than necessary just to get her scent inside of me .
she asked , as i ran my nose up her neck , soaking in her scent .
if i could smell her sweet scent , then that douche watching her could , too .
i buried my head in her neck and tried to smell the sweet scent of her skin and get some control .
smiling , i closed my eyes and inhaled her scent .
taking a deep breath , i let her scent fill my head .
the memory of her other scent made my already semierect c**k go full - blown .
i could tell her that she wore too much makeup and her perfume was overpowering .
i took a deep breath and inhaled his clean scent .
i bent my head and rested it in the curve of her neck and throat , and inhaled her sweet scent .
rolling over , i inhaled her scent in the sheets before getting out of bed .
kissing my way down her neck , i inhaled her scent .
i kept inhaling dewayne 's masculine scent .
pushing open her closet door , i stood there and let the scent of her engulf me .
i smell her perfume a second before she slides into the seat beside me .
she swoops in and collects my dishes without my answer , my nostrils filling with the scent of soap and shampoo .
now , as i strolled along the cobblestone path , inhaling the heady scents of lavender and mint , it was real .
that scent ... so familiar .
i exclaimed , grabbing the flowers out of his hand and inhaling their scent again , welcoming the fond memories that flooded back with it .
the feel of caden 's body against mine and his wonderfully natural scent seemed to help .
i reveled in the feel of his chest against my cheek for a long moment , inhaling the intoxicating scent i had come to realize was caden .
the faint new book scent that wafted from its pages soothed me , at least .
my nose caught a delicious scent as magda slid a tray of freshly baked muffins onto the dining room table , and i realized he was being literal .
i breathed in the mingled scent of cedar and muffins .
evangeline 's delicate human scent lingered everywhere .
the same delicate human scent that had enticed me for eighteen years , since the day i 'd first laid eyes on her tiny pink form , swaddled and asleep in a bassinet .
every so often his back would brush against a snow - covered branch , sending clumps of the white stuff cascading down and releasing the fresh , crisp scent of evergreen into the air .
warm scents of apples and cinnamon wafted through the air .
i followed max through a maze of unexplored decorated hallways until we pushed through a door into a toasty kitchen filled with the delicious scent of gingerbread .
off to the left stood the largest evergreen tree i 'd ever seen indoors , its fresh woodsy scent filling the room , the branches covered in beautiful antique - looking ornaments .
i admitted , pressing my forehead to his cheek , inhaling his scent .
i burrowed my face into the ridges of caden 's chest and inhaled his heavenly scent wishing everything else in the world away but this moment .
i barely registered the delicate sound of holiday harps or the scent of cinnamon wafting through the air .
i inhaled deeply , soaking up his magnificent scent - the mixture of ocean and forest crushing me with overwhelming desire .
i pressed , just as a light gust blew by , carrying with it a strange , sweet scent my nostrils flared to absorb .
leaning in , i let my lips settle slightly parted against his jawline , inhaling the scent of his skin , a thousand times more intoxicating than any scents or thrill of pursuits .
leaning in , i let my lips settle slightly parted against his jawline , inhaling the scent of his skin , a thousand times more intoxicating than any scents or thrill of pursuits .
i threw my arms around his neck , inhaling his delicious scent .
i inhaled the scent of his musky soap .
if i inhaled deeply enough , i could still catch the more unpleasant odors - the exhaust fumes mixed with cold air and whiffs of sewage - coupled with the more pleasant scents - street car vendors , wafts of perfume flowing from hair salons as patrons pushed through the door .
if i inhaled deeply enough , i could still catch the more unpleasant odors - the exhaust fumes mixed with cold air and whiffs of sewage - coupled with the more pleasant scents - street car vendors , wafts of perfume flowing from hair salons as patrons pushed through the door .
` ` huh ... '' she ponders that for a moment while i inhale her perfume .
the scent of cedar tickles my nostrils as i open the box up and study the wedding picture hidden inside .
i roll into ben 's chest , inhaling the scent of him - soap , laundry detergent , and a clean sweat from this heat - as i try to block the visual suddenly plaguing me .
i remember clutching my stomach as i dared make my way back toward the bedroom , the scent of fresh paint catching my nose as i approached .
breaking free of her mouth to shift my attention to her neck , i take my time inhaling that strawberries - and - cream scent as my tongue trails the curves of her collarbone .
the warm , delicious scent of coffee and baking tells me there recently was life in the kitchen , but it 's empty now , save for a plate of scones and jar of marmalade on the table .
she patted my chest with a little smile and left quietly , leaving me to bury my face in reese 's pillow to inhale the scent of strawberries and cream .
just inhaling the scent calms me .
she smells incredible , though , based on the flowery perfume wafting out of her car .
the guy to viktor 's left slides out of the booth just as a waft of perfume catches my nose .
i like a hint of perfume , where you 're not sure you caught it the first time , and you have to lean in closer , maybe dip your head into her neck , to catch it again .
i watch her bare , delicate back as she walks away , her heels clicking fast against the wood , that heavy dose of perfume clinging to my nose .
she steps back just far enough to let me pass through , close enough that our shoulders brush and i catch her perfume .
eighteen water now the scent of lavender and sandalwood announces dakota as she places a tall black coffee and a pastry in front of me .
the scent of leather and mint fills my nostrils as i slide into the passenger seat .
i wrap my arms around her waist and dip my face into her neck to inhale the scent of her skin .
after paying , i shift over to an open table to mix my coffee , inhaling the delicious scent of bacon and home fries .
and yet i ca n't help but inhale , desperate to fill my nostrils with her perfume again .
i bury my face in her neck , inhaling her scent .
burying my face in his throat , i breathed him in , letting the familiar and beloved scent of his skin ground me in the moment .
his scent and heat surrounded me , his hands and mouth moved all over me .
i could n't find the words to tell her how she felt in my arms , so i nuzzled her neck , breathing in the well - loved scent of her skin .
inhaling through the rising lust , i breathed her in , allowing the delicate fragrance of her perfume and the provocative scent that was hers alone to intoxicate me .
inhaling through the rising lust , i breathed her in , allowing the delicate fragrance of her perfume and the provocative scent that was hers alone to intoxicate me .
cloying perfume assaulted my nose , spurring me to shrug her off violently even as a model - thin brunette with heavily made - up blue eyes tried to sandwich me from the front .
her skin was cool to the touch , but her flesh was warm beneath and i absorbed her heat , breathed in her scent , felt the terrible lingering grief inside me ease with her nearness .
the scents flowing out of the kitchen and wafting from the trays of passing servers had my stomach growling audibly .
i took a deep breath , inhaling her scent .
pressing my cheek to the top of her head , i breathed in her scent .
i inhaled the scent of her and let go , coming hard , my ass flexing as i filled her up in thick , hot spurts .
the scent of his soap teased senses that had become trained to recognize the fragrance as belonging to my mate .
the smell of his soap was muted now , the naturally seductive scent of his skin altering the fragrance into something richer and more delicious .
she was becoming aroused and that revolted me as much as the smell of her perfume .
his sweat coated my skin , imprinting me with the lushly masculine scent that was his alone .
breathing deep , i inhaled the scent of his skin .
cheap forest green carpet and the faint scent of moth balls pulls together the 70 's white trash look nicely .
a floral scent barely masks the musky odor lingering in the air .
my nose catches a faint scent of cigar smoke , cedar , and whiskey lingering in the air .
i do n't care that the water has a funky chlorinated scent to it .
we stay like that , as i press my nose against his chest , inhaling the wonderful mix of woodsy and ocean scents .
i replay her words in my head as i nuzzle against trent , inhaling his scent .
a new barbeque sits next to a picnic table and , by the lingering scent of grilled meat in the air , i 'd say the commons is finally getting some use .
i let myself soak up connor 's body heat for a moment as my nose absorbs the scent of his cologne - light and clean , with hints of lavender .
i close my eyes and inhale , absorbing ashton 's heavenly scent .
i ' m left standing alone , inhaling the faint scent of beer , my ears catching someone testing the sound system .
i remember sitting there , shaking within his arms , inhaling the scent of his brut cologne - once comforting to me - and noting a few things : his reference to respect for himself , when i was the one who had been violated , and the word again .
he edges past me through the door and i catch that fresh woodsy scent that i first inhaled in his office .
she wore a lot of makeup and a sweet - smelling perfume , and put a great deal of effort into her appearance .
waves of her creamy floral perfume keep hitting me , making me inhale deeply .
i inhale that delicious clean , woodsy scent that i will always relate to him .
i ' m a split second away from jumping into defense mode when floral perfume fills my nostrils .
i tease as i inhale the scent of soap .
there 's really not much left to do except sit on her couch - inhaling the faint scent of her floral perfume that it still holds .
there 's really not much left to do except sit on her couch - inhaling the faint scent of her floral perfume that it still holds .
her eyes were moist , and the feeling of sadness was so deep suddenly that scents of deirdre 's funeral returned , the engulfing presence of perfumed white flowers .
god , these big bones crushing her again , this swarm of hair against us , this scent of sweet flesh and vintage perfume , this scratching , pushing , divine roughness .
god , these big bones crushing her again , this swarm of hair against us , this scent of sweet flesh and vintage perfume , this scratching , pushing , divine roughness .
he found himself enveloped by the scents of the scotch pines , the dark cold earth beneath his feet , the brave blades of early spring grass crushed beneath his shoe , the faint scent of new flowers .
he found himself enveloped by the scents of the scotch pines , the dark cold earth beneath his feet , the brave blades of early spring grass crushed beneath his shoe , the faint scent of new flowers .
at least to touch her red hair , to kiss her white skin , to drink the scent of her . ''
she could still remember that scent of him that came from the boxes .
when she sighed , the soft sound of it seemed to fill up the car , rather like her perfume .
she could smell some perfume in the air - ah , it was the sweet olive trees !
he had always loved this scent of pure wax , but this was overpowering , absurd .
but child still ... . she climbed out of the bed , finding her slippers in the dark , and reaching for a long white negligee on the chair , another one of these strange garments which filled her suitcase , full of the perfume of another woman .
the scent of the sweet olive hung over the whole yard .
` ` and now , my dear , we are home , '' he growled against her soft neck again , forcing her head back as he kissed her beneath her chin , ` ` and the smell of the sweet olive gives way to eugenia 's ever - present wax , and the scent of the old wood , and something musty and expensive and delicious to breathe . ''
he breathed her scent as it emanated through brick walls , out of seams and cracks around glass , seeping from god knows where , to stir the organ between his legs , to make him stand back , breathless , wanting to flee , and absolutely immovable .
and , oh , the look on her face , her newborn face , her arms so delicate in her sheer dress of point d'esprit and her sex , deep underneath , pulsing with the scent , a flower opening in darkness and alone , the scent penetrating to his brain .
and , oh , the look on her face , her newborn face , her arms so delicate in her sheer dress of point d'esprit and her sex , deep underneath , pulsing with the scent , a flower opening in darkness and alone , the scent penetrating to his brain .
` ` it was on the doll , the same scent !
` ` morrigan , morrigan ... '' and she , crying so softly and the scent gathering and moving on the air .
the scent , yes , catch the scent , my dear , my darling newborn woman , and closing his eyes , he staggered backwards .
she was conscious of his body , its perfume and warmth , and his strange preoccupation .
when he rose in front of her again , his hands up to free her wrists , she smelled the perfume of his hair and skin , and there seemed something utterly lush about him .
the queen 's rippling hair fell down around her , full of perfume , and for the first time , beauty felt the velvety white skin of the queen 's face , and she realized the queen 's br**sts were pressed against her .
and what an enticing group they were this time , their rounded limbs still fragrant with costly perfume , pubic hair still combed and oiled , as if they went to be presented to the queen herself and not a thousand leering and eager villagers .
the smell of the stables rose from the man , the smell of ale , and the rich , delicious scent of sun - browned skin and rawhide .
and hooking the round , tough little clitoris on the tip of her tongue , she sucked on it with all the pressure she could exert , the wet hair covering her own mouth and nose , drenching her in the sweet , musky scent , as she sighed even louder than the mistress .
she could smell the perfume , and the cage was quite high enough for her to sit up if only she had the stamina .
she could smell the heavy perfume of incense .
the smell of incense , of cedar wood , of eastern perfumes , suddenly enveloped her .
the perfume of flowers suddenly refreshed her .
amid delicate tropical flowering plants and lazing palms , beauty saw steam rising from the shallow pools in the marble floor and smelled the fragrance of herbs and spiced perfumes .
from the folds of their garments perfume rose .
i sat back again without his telling me that i could , and i smelled the cedar and spice perfume rising from his robes , i smelled his dark male smell , and looked up to see the wine - colored ni**les under the flap of the robe .
i held steady , smelling the perfume that rose from his robes and knowing exquisitely that lexius was pleased , lexius was here , it was as he wanted .
and only then would the immensity and artifice of the sultan 's palace be forgotten , would the remembered scent and feel of inanna leave her in peace .
only in tiny flashes - the scent of tobacco smoke , or the pale lilac of my mother 's dress .
all human beings smelled like something - sweat , soap , perfume - but vampires had no scent , like wax mannequins .
all human beings smelled like something - sweat , soap , perfume - but vampires had no scent , like wax mannequins .
the flames of the fire were blue , and the fire itself had a strong scent , like burning joss sticks .
i knew he was drawing in my fairy scent and that it would help him .
from my late arrival , to the new guard at the gate , to the strange thoughts i 'd read from the girl , the odd scent i 'd caught when she was near ... and then my whole focus fell on a different subject .
when i bent over to put the check by alcide , i inhaled his scent .
she tucked the vial down into her bra in case the lingering scent would attract him further .
i put a ton of moisturizer on my newly shaved legs and sprayed on a little spritz of perfume .
there are so many scents in the air after the rain . ''
a strong scent wafted across the back porch , and i knew it was the scent of their magic .
unable to resist the danger , she rubbed her shoulder against him and inhaled the rich , masculine scent of his skin - a mixture of thousand - dollar cologne and pure max westin .
then the rich scent of seared ahi and cream hit her nostrils and made her tummy growl .
as his arousal rose to meet hers , his skin warmed and filled the air with the faint scent of his cologne .
as he breathed deeply of her scent , his eyes squeezed shut , his chest heaving against hers , his fingers slipping between her legs to rub her clit .
his lust was a potent scent in the air , dark and alluring , powerful .
her pheromones permeated the air , the scent so carnal and tantalizing he could n't resist it .
the rage grew when she found her and max 's bed mussed and smelling like the witch 's perfume .
couples and triples writhed against one another on the dance floor , flooding the air with the scent of arousal and pheromones , but she felt oddly disconnected .
she slowed and sniffed , purring when she smelled the darkly seductive scent of her warlock 's skin .
he smelled the scent of her then , intoxicating , magical ; it filled the front of his head and his chest and his mind .
his head was in a whirl from the scents and the sounds of his native village , and his heart rose within him .
the thick scent of smoke and chemicals snaked into rubi 's throat , filled her head .
her scent , something heavy and exotic , hung on the air .
her scent immediately filled his head .
buttery soft , thin , embossed crimson leather , and the feel and scent made rubi high .
when he was within five feet , his scent drifted to her .
heat wafted off his body along with the scent of pure wes and the ocean .
rubi was still tingling , still enjoying wes 's musky , spicy scent when jax said , ` ` bolton 's going to be out a month .
the thick , cool air swept into the car , dragging every scent of vegetation and earth in as well .
birdie stirred something on the stove , and the scent of spices filled the air .
then the sweet scent of her arousal mixed with her perfume and - wham - lust hit him hard and square .
then the sweet scent of her arousal mixed with her perfume and - wham - lust hit him hard and square .
at the same time , he gained the slightest sliver of sugary - sweet pleasure hearing her voice , smelling her scent , just having her near .
a rush of the innate scent of her hair swept him up , like a drug .
and she loved his scent and his careless but sexy hair .
with her living blood came dreams where her memories unfolded , so realistic they were as if he was there to experience scents she 'd smelled and textures she 'd felt .
the air was sultry , redolent with the scent of jasmine and even more moist than usual from the pounding fountain in the corner .
she was surrounded by his delicious scent that made her go warm and liquid .
she snuggled into his pillow , loving his scent , and considered her new feelings .
he pulled her close to him , running his hand down her arm , burying his face in her hair and smelling her soft , sweet scent .
her head thrashed , the blond silk of her hair filling him with her scent .
the remembered scent of her hair and skin called him as sharply as a cry for him would .
if he had n't smelled her scent on her silk pillow and finally found a collection of weapons , shields , whips , and manacles in a closet , he might have wondered if riora and her scribe had even given him the correct address .
soon he was treated to the light scents of her shampoo and soap that would be mixed with her own luscious scent .
soon he was treated to the light scents of her shampoo and soap that would be mixed with her own luscious scent .
she held the egg up , and when it disappeared , the scents from far away came once more .
spring always imbued london with miraculous colors and scents , but she could n't recall the last time she 'd noticed .
36 kaderin opened her eyes , confused to find herself still snuggled in her sheets that hinted at his sexy scent .
from an early age , neomi had flitted in and out of the performers ' dressing rooms , fascinated with the silks , makeup , and exotic perfumes , enthralled by the sensual strains of music that compelled her to sway to them ... .
it takes till late the next afternoon before he smells the scent of roses .
when she passed his room 's door , he perceived the change in the air and had learned to search for that faint scent of roses .
the scent of night - blooming jasmine and spent gardenias .
his scent , his heat ... god , he smelled so good .
staggered by the pleasure he 'd just received , he breathed in her scent .
all night he would get to enjoy the scent of her hair .
at that moment , he caught her sultry , feminine scent .
an unfamiliar scent hit her , and she sniffed the air .
even after his mind - numbing release , her scent had him stiffening again , his c**k distending against her pale thigh .
his scent was mouthwatering to her , lulling her to get closer to him whenever they sat near each other , which incidentally was every minute in the car .
she craved his addictive scent - cold and pine and cadeon .
she rubbed the needles all over her , disguising her scent .
she could feel his heat , and his addictive scent tickled her nose .
the scent of blood cloyed as revenants mindlessly cleaned up the matching body .
her mane of glossy red hair tumbled forward , and her scent swept him up .
10 when rydstrom caught sabine 's sultry scent , he briefly closed his eyes in pleasure , then cursed himself for his weakness .
when he caught her scent , his eyes briefly closed .
she craved his warmth against her body , his scent surandshy ; rounding her .
he nibbed his face against hers , inhaling her scent .
he inhaled the night air and caught foreign scents nearby .
the sulandshy ; try air was redolent with the scent of gardenias .
his scent was making her melt , and she felt herself easandshy ; ing closer to him .
he wrapped his arms around her , pulling her closer to him , his warmth and scent making her lids grow heavy as she gazed up at him .
the scent of new leather surrounded her , the seats were toasty warm , and the lights on the dash illuandshy ; minated his handsome face .
but , god , her hair smelled so damned good , giving him a shot of her scent each time her braids played about her bare shoulders ... as they meandered through the crowd , humans kept looking at her , some more intently than others .
he scooped it up , bringing it to his face to inhale her cool scent .
the sounds , the scents , teased her .
he glanced at the lightening sky once more , feeling nearly powerless not to return to her , to check on how she was settling in , to see if he 'd imagined the blue of her eyes or her crisp , clean scent .
he picked up one of her silk nightgowns , inhaling her scent .
the third smelled of cloying perfume and whatever she 'd dined on earlier .
such a contrast to daniela 's clean scent ... now as he thought back , he realized that not one of the three had tempted him to take her neck .
what would it be like to have his scent all over me ?
did she not think about what the sight and scent of her blood did to him each time ?
when a breeze blew up from the valley below , carrying the scent of summer wheat and stirring the blond hair around his face , she had the urge to sigh .
the rich scent of game stew cal ed to her hunger , and she eagerly dug in .
his scent surrounded her , enticing her as much as his muscles rippling all around her .
he inhaled her scent , felt her body , hesitated .
the male 's pupils were enlarged , and a sweet scent emanated from his skin .
the enticing ridges of his body , his clean scent , the delicious pressure of his thick shaft against her ... she gazed up at his steely - gray eyes and found them so familiar .
when he approached the mangled cockpit , the scent of aviation fuel swept over him ; the remaining engine sparked and flamed in the hissing rain .
lothaire tensed as a new scent wafted in the air .
he asked her as the butterflies swarmed , drawn by the scent of burnt amber , and she nodded , gazing at him as tears slipped down and she hesitantly folded herself into his arms .
his arms went around me , and i breathed in the scent of old brimstone from the dives he worked in .
if the bland , environmentally conscious packaging had n't told me what was in it , the heavenly scent of ground beans would have .
the spell had a pleasant wine - and - chlorophyll scent , and i tossed my hair out of the way .
the scent of chili and funnel cakes made my stomach pinch .
i watched , breathing in the heady scent of redwood now emanating from it .
the air carried the faint scent of vampire , and i wrinkled my nose wondering if that was what was bothering pierce , or if it was that we were three stories up .
the coffeemaker was gurgling its last , and pierce looked at it , undoubtedly figuring out what it was from the rich scent that had filled the kitchen .
` ` it was the hair , i think , '' i said , bringing the paper to my nose and breathing deeply the faded scent of pipe smoke .
his scent rolled over her , and while fighting the pure pleasure , she watched his eyes go to the heavy clock above the doors to check that the sun was down .
he smelled like leaf ash , dusky and thick , and the scent went right to the primitive part of her brain and flicked a switch .
she hesitated , then with a feeling of self - loathing she knew would fade and return like the sun , she breathed deeply , bringing his scent deep inside , coating her dislike for him with the sweet promise of blood ecstasy , silencing her desire to avoid him with the quick , bitter lust for blood .
art 's jaw trembled , and his heady scent sang through her , starting a war within her .
art breathed deep , bringing the scents of the room into him .
the breeze off the nearby river was cool and carried the scent of oil and gas .
the scent brought to memory thoughts of her summers working in the kitchen and , when old enough , on the floor as a waitress .
the intoxicating smell of their scents mixing hit her , and she swallowed .
her chest pressed into him as she breathed deep , intentionally bringing his scent into her , luring fingers of sexual excitement to stir along her spine .
and though she buried her face against his neck , breathed in his scent , and mouthed his old scars , she did n't break his skin .
their scents mixed in her brain , and his blood washed into her , making them one , rubbing out the void that loving piscary and meeting his demands continually carved into her .
` ` it 's what i needed , too , '' he added , the smell of their scents mingling inciting a deep contentment instead of a dire need now that the hunger had been satisfied .
pulse fast , ivy breathed deeply , finding only the hint of mia 's perfume and the softest trace of her sweat .
the scent of tomato paste , sausage , pasta , and the death - by - chocolate dessert someone had ordered to go drifted up through the cracks .
eyes closing , she let the mingling of his scent with hers stir her bloodlust .
shaking , she stripped off her clothes and slipped into her leather pants and a stretch - knit shirt , wiping her neck free of art 's scent with a disposable towelette that then went into the contractor garbage bag she shook out with the sharp crack of thick plastic .
the scent of chlorine was growing stronger as the water warmed , hiding the odor of dead girl .
around her was the flow of life , slipping under the doors and into the hallway like the scent of baking bread or someone 's too - strong cologne .
it eddied about her feet and puddled on the stairs , and she waded through it like surf , able to see the energy the people living behind the doors sloughed off , kicking up anger here , and frustration there , her pace slowing to take in the softer , harder - to - find emotions of love , a mere whisper lingering outside a door like perfume .
she should n't be here this soon , but the memory of his love was like the scent of flowers , begging to be inhaled and irresistible .
the scent of his soap was sharp , and she drew away when she heard his pulse quicken .
he sat on the edge of the couch amid the pooled emotion of his music , bringing her bare middle to his face as she stood before him , breathing her scent , his hands at her back .
the rich , almost subliminal scent mixed with the sunshine and wind to give a sensation of quiet intensity .
he looked up , the scent of honey and gold tickling a memory he 'd never had .
the earth fell away in front of him , and he slowed as the scent and sound of running water rose up like a balm .
that there was no guard struck him as suspicious , and he breathed deeper for the scent of elves , finding nothing but that thick , cloying scent of crickets .
a fresh breeze eddied in to dispel the last of the powdered rock , replacing it with the scent of salt and seaweed .
the warmth of the place was stealing into him , and the scent of wine and ... frosting ?
taking the kitten in self - defense , cooper buried his nose into the long fur , breathing in a scent that smelled vaguely like rabbit .
a strong scent of pine wafted over him , clearing his head , and the kitten in his arms stirred .
it was going to be a scorcher of a day , and she was glad the hay had come in already , filling the barn where her art studio was with the scent of summer .
the masculine scent of him was rising between them , familiar but promising something new .
she jumped , startled when penn sat down beside her , the scent of a frog - rimmed pool flowing over her .
` ` either she 's crazy , or i am , '' lilly whispered , but the memory of penn reclining on the bridge , staring up at the stars was too real , the breath of his words on her cheek too heavy , and the scent of his wild spirit too thick in her .
the scent of fresh biscuits and eggs drifted out , making her stomach clench .
two the greasy smell of fat - slap layered itself over the scents of antiseptic and latex in a familiar , yet totally unappetizing smell that reminded her of her early days in the strand , a young girl struggling to find her place and her balance , both in her body and with those around her .
` ` they come in handy i bet , '' i said tightly as the leather seemed to fold around me and i settled myself in the scent of money .
i could smell the wine and cinnamon of him over the new - car scent already , and it felt close when he got in , even with the top open .
the scent of wine and cinnamon cascaded over me , and i closed my eyes at the feeling of denied passion .
crouched beside bill , barnabas was n't looking at me , and my heart hammered as i inched closer to a beautiful death in a hawaiian top and flip - flops , smelling faintly of feathers and an overly sweet , cloying perfume .
` ` i put in for a guardian angel , '' he said as he leaned close enough for me to catch the scent of sunflowers at dusk .
i remembered his dusky skin , the scent of dead salt water on him .
i breathed her scent in , gasping in relief , feeling her presence bring me back to sanity .
i could n't move as the scent of clean water flowed into me , cooling my anxiety and filling me with peace .
` ` yes , '' she said , and grace popped out of existence with a burst of inward - falling light and the scent of roses .
the scent of cinnamon and wine hit me , and i squinted up .
the scent of coconut oil mixed with cinnamon , and he dropped his eyes .
the scent of fries mixed with that of dried blood somehow reminding me of my prom .
the scent of cinnamon and wine grew stronger .
` ` demon magic never is , '' i said softly as they went plinking in and the expected redwood scent was quickly overshadowed by a whiff of burnt amber .
the four candles went out , the thin trails of smoke and the scent of sulfur rising like curls of thought to heaven .
relief pulled the corners of my mouth up as the last candle burst into flame , covering the scent of honest sulfur with the acidic , biting scent of burnt amber .
somewhere between ohio and texas , the cinnamon and wine smell of elf had joined the familiar scent of vampire and witch , mixing with the leather of my coat .
` ` thank you , '' he said , and the door shut , leaving the clean scent of his deodorant .
the familiar scent of burnt amber grew obvious , and i scrambled into motion .
` ` you 'll make it , '' i said as i tore the cellophane open and the scent of enriched flour and chocolate hit me .
squinting up at the brightening sky , i breathed deep to bring in the scent of salt , old garbage , exhaust , and the sticky smell of the petunias in the huge planters outside the hotel .
my shoulders eased as the scent slipped into me , reminding me of summer .
i held my breath so i would n't start crying , so i did n't breathe in her soothing vampire scent , but i knew it was there .
blood humming , i felt her tongue whisper against me and her grip quiver against my jaw as the scent of her tears lit through me .
` ` you are a cad , '' i whispered , leaning in to smell his redwood scent mixing with a woodsy cologne .
the scent of lilac and redwood filled my senses , and the broomstick pressed into my back .
the scent of cinnamon and baby powder hit me , and as my eyes widened , my heart melted , making room for her .
the wind carrying the scent of salt to me was warm .
the scent of rock rose , strong , ancient air that dinosaurs breathed , finally loosed by a rockslide - once frozen by chance but now free to move again .
the vampire kissed the top of my hand - and a thrill of desire spiraled through me , pulled into existence by a slip of teeth and the scent of incense .
the spicy scent of vampire soaked into me , better than a calming spell .
` ` we are all fine , '' jenks was saying as i breathed in the scent of quen , seeming all the stronger for the foyer being dark .
night sounds , the scent of marigolds , and the singing of pixies seeped in .
the bracelet on my wrist jingled , and i breathed deeply for the faint scent of burnt amber still clinging to me .
` ` hi , rache , '' jenks said as the four - inch man landed on my shoulder , bringing the scent of dandelions and oiled steel to me .
actually the body had a distinctive meadow scent under all the decaying blood , and i wondered if that was part of the faun thing that it had going .
the scent of wine and salt tickled a memory .
and the scent of ... wine and salt ?
deeper was shampoo , and lightly , lacing it like a perfume that he 'd once walked through , was the hint of wine and salt .
it soaked in without a hint of redwood scent , but then , there would n't be any until they were invoked .
trying not to look like i was , i breathed deep for the telltale scent of redwood , but there was nothing .
the autumn - night rain slipped in with the scent of decaying leaves , and my shoulders lost most of their tension .
now there was nothing , and i breathed in his odd scent , a mix of old iron and feathers from the pigeons he ate .
i could suddenly smell wayde all the more , his scent lifting from his canvas coat like sweet water , smelling of damp woods and moss .
even the familiar , pleasant scent of were mixing with david 's expensive cologne did n't help .
her perfume was nice .
ivy 's feet sounded loud in the hall , and knowing i was in the bathroom from the closed door and the scent of soap , she said , ` ` hi , rachel .
but then i froze , the scent of honey and gold lifting from her like a memory .
i leaned into him , breathing the chlorine / redwood scent he had mixing with the damp dead - leaf smell of a cold november morning .
the scent of redwood blossomed as marshal massaged his finger and three drops of blood soaked into the first disk .
i said i 'll be careful , and i will , '' i said loudly , then locked my knees as the heady scent of excited vampire cascaded over me like water .
my head hurt , and i put a damp hand to it , smelling the fresh scent of soap .
the scent of vampire incense rolled over me , and my pulse hammered as i was reminded of kisten .
the scent of burnt amber rose , and my gut clenched when chris made an ` ` mmm '' of approval .
her meadowy scent rose high where my wet clothes touched her , and i felt numb .
he grimaced as he took me from winona and the soothing scent of cinnamon and wine flowed over me anew .
i breathed deep of the clean scent of baby , and the worries of the world dropped away - if just for a moment - as i held the promise of good things .
the scent of wine and cinnamon was drifting over my shoulder , becoming stronger , reminding me of our three days in a car , the passionate kiss we had shared , his arms around me not twenty - four hours ago .
` ` it does n't matter , '' he said , and he reached past me to push the button to open the door , the complex scent of linen and starch a breath in me .
the scent of wine and cinnamon filled me , and i closed my eyes , trying to stand upright , but it only made me dizzier .
slowly the wonderful scent of coffee slipped into me .
i suddenly realized trent was standing over me , inches away , the scent of a green woods coming from him to ease my headache .
the scent of burnt amber tickled my nose , more from my imagination than the little bit of ever - after leaking through .
the scent of burnt amber flowed between us .
the revving of my car was a faint hint , and then even that faded , leaving the soft rumble of weres talking and the rising scent of curing polymer .
the light was eclipsed as nina gracefully entered in a wash of nervous vampire and expensive perfume .
jenks had gone ahead to light the way , and the scent of vampire incense rolled over me as i followed , last in line .
i exhaled and leaned against the wall , listening to the silence and breathing in the scent of fear that was more than forty years old .
numb , i sat and shallowly breathed the good cincy air , the late afternoon thick with the scents of a million people .
the delicate scent of cinnamon and wine laced with green sherbet seemed to grow stronger .
ivy exclaimed from the kitchen , and suddenly her scent poured over me as she stood at my shoulder , mouth agape .
beside me , the scent of mulled wine became stronger .
i said , in a bad temper , and he smiled even wider , the scent of woods and wine spilling from him .
i watched al 's face , not hers , as he leaned closer to her , breathing in her scent .
` ` keep the change , '' i said , distracted as i tugged my shawl closer , breathing in a faint lilac scent .
quen leaned in close , and i caught my breath at the scent of cinnamon , dark and laced with moss .
the scent of spoiled wine and cinnamon joined the mix .
the fresher wind shifted my hair , bringing the scent of burned grass and decaying vegetation - and spent magic , tingling like ozone before a lightning strike .
the hallway was brightly lit and sported beautiful close - ups of orchids in the morning dew , but the air smelled stale after the rich scents of the garden .
the curious scent of cinnamon and wine that all elves had mixed with the throat - catching odor of hospital .
clearly frustrated , he leaned closer until i could smell his aftershave over the characteristic woodsy wine - and - cinnamon scent .
he smelled like the outdoors , and of ellasbeth 's perfume .
he was standing close ; his warmth and the scent of coal dust and shoe polish were bringing back memories , good but uncomfortable .
i gripped trent 's arm , but he shrugged me off , the rising scent of cinnamon nearly overpowering the stench of ever - after ku'sox reeked of .
` ` you probably know better than i what these things can potentially do , '' i said as the scent of warm milk and chocolate hit me .
he smelled like rain and leather over the scent of his aftershave , and my throat tightened and my vision threatened to swim again .
the scent of cinnamon became strong as trent struggled with himself .
she leaned toward him , whining , and i held her close , smelling the clean scent of her hair under the stench of burnt amber .
my eyes closed as his arm went around me and the scent of burnt amber mixed with the smell of wine and cinnamon .
a tight band eased about my chest as i breathed her in , her vampiric incense laced with the stale plastic scent of air flight and rental cars .
under that was the sweet honeyed smell of daryl and glenn 's masculine scent .
they were fading , though , and nina 's expensive perfume was by far the strongest outside influence .
i could still smell barbie 's perfume , and it made me uncomfortable .
i shifted closer , the scent of burnt amber coming from the fire stinging my eyes .
the cloying scent of burnt amber was so thick , i could almost see it .
the scent of cinnamon and warm wine filled my senses , and quen took a quick breath to catch his grief .
he was close enough for the scent of warm spice rising up between us to remind me of trent .
slice of pizza in hand , ivy eased closer , the diverse but weirdly complementary scents of vampire and pizza flowing over me .
i could smell the ringing of an iron bell , and the warm scent of cinnamon , all washing over me in a cascading sensation of heat .
the room smelled like magic , the cedar mixing with the scent of cinnamon and ozone .
the scent of cinnamon was rising , mixing with the scent of burnt amber and woodsmoke .
the scent of cinnamon was rising , mixing with the scent of burnt amber and woodsmoke .
his hands slipped more firmly about me , and i held myself back , not afraid , but wanting to feel everything slowly as i leaned in , tasting the wine on him , feeling the warmth of his body pressing into mine , breathing in our scents that were mingling and changing with the warmth .
` ` thank god you 're all right , '' she said , the scent of vampiric incense pouring over me .
the bear of a man gave me a sideways hug , filling me with the scent of coffee and aftershave .
there was the bare hint of a mossy scent coming from al , so faint i thought i might have imagined it .
` ` no , '' i said as we entered the unlit foyer , pulse quickening when the scent of wine and cinnamon seemed to grow stronger in the dark .
my damp hair was filling the car with the scent of my shampoo , and i cracked the window .
the masculine scent of him hit me , mixing with the smell of bar food and the sound of happy people .
we had to go sideways between the people to get out , and the smells hit me as i got too close : aftershave , perfume , grease , adrenaline .
i wondered , watching the leader , vinnie , apparently , breathe deep , taking in the scents of the room and smiling as he realized we were nothing of the kind .
the scent of cinnamon and vampire pheromones rose , and a soft sigh escaped me .
the scent of oil - based smoke was a haze between cincinnati 's buildings , visible now that the sun was up , and i tugged my shoulder bag higher , uneasy .
` ` no , '' i said softer , the scent of her hair tweaking my maternal instincts .
i breathed deep , smelling the hot grass and the july heat rising up from the earth , enjoying how it mixed with trent 's scent of shortbread and wine - making me wish we were here for some other reason than checking for telltale signs of wild magic .
the spicy , nose - prickling scent of vampire incense became stronger , and bis wrinkled his face .
it was lighter , almost flowery compared to ivy 's darker shadow scent , but lacing it was a thread of blackness - felix .
ivy 's face twisted in fear , and the scent of vampire incense poured over me , making my neck tingle .
we were parked outside of cormel 's , ivy fiddling with her scarf as she stared at the unassuming two - story tavern turned residence , filling the car with the intoxicating scent of frustrated vampire .
i pulled him into a hug , breathing in the complex scent of woods and gunpowder .
landon said , the scent of cinnamon growing stronger .
the scent of wine and cinnamon poured over me , and the wind was a wall .
tulpa 's feet skidded on the hard pavement as we found the next street , and i breathed in the scent of wine as we trotted for a block - until that cop showed up again , spotlight searching .
the radio dulled to nothing , and i stood just inside the bathroom , breathing in trent 's wine and woods scent .
he was so close the light caught in his stubble and the scent of him drifted through my awareness .
his lips moved against mine , and the scent of him plinked through me .
it was eerily silent between the two buildings , and the air had an unusual musky vampire scent under the increasingly familiar scent of burning furniture .
his words trailed off as the silver doors parted and the unmistakable scent of fresh air and broken concrete poured into the elevator and down the shaft .
thick and heady , his scent struck me , diving deep as i gasped and struggled to pull back from under him .
his lips twisted , and the scent of hospital drifted to me , a tantalizingly familiar scent of electronics and dust just under it .
his lips twisted , and the scent of hospital drifted to me , a tantalizingly familiar scent of electronics and dust just under it .
landon 's brow wrinkled and the hospital scent thickened as he became more determined .
the scent of my cotton shirt filled my nose , and i focused on it , picking the details of the aroma apart to distract myself .
exhaling , trent leaned closer , and the scent of cinnamon and wine crashed over me .
i just ... '' my heart pounded , and he stepped closer , so close the scent of cinnamon and wine enveloped me .
` ` you are scared , '' he said , and the scent of cinnamon made my knees weak .
trent leaned to me , the scent of cinnamon rising .
trent leaned close to me in the small space , the scent of cinnamon and wine mixing with iron and oil .
i said , and trent leaned into me , shocking me with the scent of green and growing things among the harsh oil and diesel we rocked within .
but then my head came up as a familiar scent tickled my nose .
jenks said as he landed on my shoulder with the fading scent of burnt amber .
` ` excuse me , '' he said , the scent and feel of wild magic lingering about him as he handed trent his card back .
trent wiped the back of his neck , and the scent of cinnamon and wine grew strong .
i could smell them , the rising scent of vampire incense bringing ivy 's eyes open and a new tension to her face .
he knew it for the lie it was as well as i. oh , i was sure blood would help stabilize her , but it would be an unredeemable step backward , back to where nina , in all her expensive perfume and trendy clothes , was - back to where ivy was striving to pull nina from despite nina 's assurances that she was n't allowing felix into her mind anymore .
trent 's arms were around me , but i could n't speak , unwilling to breathe in his clean scent and feel the whisper of wild magic that sometimes rose from him like aftershave .
the rank taint of burnt amber eased , overpowered by the clean scent of grass and trees and sweet wine .
the light scent of his aftershave was a bare hint , just enough , and my jaw finally began to relax .
the faint scent of burnt amber lingered even now .
it reeked of vampire , even worse of her perfume scented heavily with pine .
i went willingly , and for a moment , we just stood there , taking strength from each other as i breathed him in , finding his cinnamon and wine scent under the chaotic vampire mashup .
apart from the quiet and the vague unease , it almost felt like a normal , quiet saturday as i measured out the grounds , the scent of it reminding me of how much i enjoyed living here with ivy , even as hard as it was sometimes .
the scent of cinnamon and wine dove deep , and i almost sighed .
i sipped my coffee , thinking the scent went well with content elf .
trent brushed past me with the scent of cinnamon and wine .
it was supposed to be romantic , with flowers and sun or moonlight , his touch on my face , and the scent of our hair mingling as we kissed .
his stubble was starting to show , and i could smell the cold plastic of airport on him over his faint woodsy scent .
i intentionally bumped into trent as we clustered over the scrap of paper , and i relaxed at the scent of cinnamon and wine hiding under trent 's aftershave .
chapter 7 ellasbeth 's light perfume lifted from trent in the tight confines of his car .
there was a whiff of honey and pollen as jenks replenished his energy , the scent mixing with the more earthy smell of ducks and the nearby barrel of garbage .
trent leaned over me , the lingering scent of ever - after obvious .
he was n't talking about tonight , and i tucked my head against his shoulder , breathing in the spicy scent of wine and cinnamon under the reek of burnt amber .
it was warm where he 'd been , and the scent of him was everywhere , the hint of burnt amber almost not unpleasant .
i tucked my hair behind an ear and leaned closer to find the scent of spoiled wine amid the lingering burnt amber .
she barely knocked before pushing the door open , and i yanked the blanket up as she peeked in , bringing the scent of maple syrup and cooked batter with her .
i knew when i gave her a hug good - bye that she 'd smell of her favorite perfume .
my heart pounded as the heat and noise of the mall vanished , echoing in my thoughts as the scent of woodsmoke filled my lungs and the stone floor of al 's spelling kitchen formed under my feet .
the spicy scent of confident vampire pricked my nose , diving deep and fanning the small flame of fear higher .
he stopped in the middle of the room , his nose wrinkling as he took in the faint scent of burnt amber and rich coffee , and smiling , he gestured for us to stay where we were .
trent pulled the toddler up , bringing the scent of baby powder and snickerdoodles with her .
the scent of burnt amber was almost nonexistent , and i wondered how he could lose it so fast when it always took me a week of showers .
ellasbeth waited , her lilac perfume strong on the still air .
i sat back down , enjoying the scent of good earth and spicy pine that came from him .
the scent of disturbed roses wafted out - one last bid for beauty before the autumn chill pinched the petals free .
the scent of excited vampire mixed with cinnamon and wine as we followed jenks 's glowing path through the receiving area to the warmer kitchen , and finally into the bar .
he turned his thoughts from me , and a comforting black presence scooped me up , rolling me in the scent of burnt amber until the pain retreated and i could think again .
my eyes closed as the scent of vampire incense and contentment washed through me .
` ` hideous little creature , '' she mumbled as she stood , the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle drifting from her .
soft , warm lips pressed into his tearstained cheek , and the jasmine and honeysuckle of her scent overshadowed what remained of the coconut .
the scent of morning sky and - this could have been mere fantasy on her part - rainbows filled the small enclosure , and every waft came from the man .
he returned a few minutes later and spread out a feast before her , the scent of berries , yeast and sugar wafting up and making her mouth water .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle followed him .
last night she 'd lain in that hospital bed thinking about him , wanting so badly to hear his voice , to draw in his scent , to feel his heat , to lean on his intensity .
he was gone , leaving only a waft of his sunshine scent in the air .
the elevators were always crammed , and she hated being squeezed inside like a pickle in a jar , conflicting perfumes battling it out for the title of most annoying scent , but she could n't take the stairs .
the elevators were always crammed , and she hated being squeezed inside like a pickle in a jar , conflicting perfumes battling it out for the title of most annoying scent , but she could n't take the stairs .
once again he 'd been able to sense her underlying scent of cinnamon and vanilla , an intoxicating fragrance no longer masked by the taint of the demons .
his heat quickly enveloped her , and his comforting scent followed suit .
the cinnamon and vanilla scent of her wound around him , melding with his skin , claiming his attention .
immediately he smelled the sweet scent of the wine , the sharp odor of hair products , the pungent aroma of nail polish and the familiar fragrance of sex .
the sharp scent of the spices hit her , and her stomach twisted with hunger , a voracious appetite demanding attention .
he braced his hands at her temples , his heady scent wrapping around her as certainly as his arms had done .
their scents blended , male musk with feminine sweetness , and all he 'd wanted to do was pick up where they 'd left off .
nicola 's sweet perfume wafted around him , and his anger with her was lost to another punch of arousal .
a light breeze dusted her skin , the scent of rotten eggs clinging to her nose .
nicola 's perfume created a soft sweetness in the air , but that sweetness could n't cover the taint of sulfur .
trusting her , he relaxed against the mattress , wound his arms around her and held her close , breathing her in , savoring the scent of cinnamon and vanilla .
she was just so exquisite to watch , her eyes closed , her lashes casting spiky shadows over her cheeks , her lips red and plump , her scent intensifying , the fragrance of her honey eclipsing all that cinnamon and vanilla , and his mouth watered , and his insides ... his insides ... shattered .
the warmth of his body and the sunshine scent of his skin instantly enveloped her , holding her captive .
the scent of the clouds , morning dew and sunshine inundated her very being .
familiar scents layered the air .
the scent of roses drifted on a soft breeze .
his breathing was choppy , but he could make out the scents of cinnamon and vanilla - a combination that sprang from his own skin .
multiple perfumes and colognes scented the air , creating a sickening collage .
the cloying scents of human food and perfume .
cool night air wafted around him , bringing with it the scents of pine , night birds , and seductive moonlight .
her dishes were put away , and there was a faint scent of butterscotch in the air .
he burrowed under the covers , and once again the scent of butterscotch wafted to his nose .
the moment he 'd climbed into this bed and realized that her butterscotch scent infused the sheets , his shaft had hardened , plaguing him , demanding he stomp out of the bedroom , find her , and finally have her .
his gaze could now cut through the dark as if sunlight followed him ; every inhalation cataloged the scents around him , his brain instantly sorting them out and revealing exactly where - and who - they came from .
the perfume of ava 's skin - the orchids he 'd discovered their first night together , a coconut milk he had n't , and that hint of sugar .
he sniffed the air , the delicious air that enveloped her , savoring the lingering scent of her desire .
` ` okay , '' she said with a nod , drifting that sweet scent his way and managing to intensify the ache .
thankfully , the scent of caffeine soon filled the air , chasing away the last remnants of exhaustion and alcoholic excess .
the scent of roses mated with his every cell , his mind clouded with more thoughts of kissing , touching , and he had to force himself back on track .
although the lack of space forced them to press as closely together as they could , so her every exhalation caressed his face , her scent enveloping him , the air charging with their arousal .
mrs . tremain , the ironfisted matriarch of the wealthiest family in new chicago , marched inside on a cloud of expensive perfume .
they smelled human , and that human scent was stamped inside his nose .
a quick stride through the chamber , and he caught ava 's butterscotch scent again .
when she closed the distance between them and pressed a swift kiss to his lips - not the kiss he 'd wanted - his airway opened back up , allowing him to inhale deeply , sucking in that butterscotch scent .
the scent of her blood wafted to his nose , and he- sharp teeth sank into his ankle .
she smelled a little like bride , flowers and mint , but underneath those new scents he still caught a hint of orchids and butterscotch .
and she liked seeing him in her bed , knowing he was surrounded by her scent .
so maybe dallas could - the scent of roses filled his nose .
along with the sweet scent of butterscotch from ava , he discovered an increase of rot .
her smile , her laugh , her scent , her hands , her breath , her stubbornness , her fury , her wit .
gradually she became aware of a gnawing , gut - wrenching hunger ... of mckell 's divine scent ... a taste , one taste , she thought .
she lay on the bed she 'd shared with mckell for one glorious sexcapade , his scent all over the sheets .
a rare few could identify onadyn by its scent , a subtle fragrance similar to a dewy breeze during a summer storm .
the scent filled my nostrils , intoxicating and sweet , as lovely as it was deadly , and somehow suddenly more obvious to me than the scent of waste , rotting food , and charred leaves that made up so much of this domain .
the mingled scent of sweat , sex , and alcohol filled my nostrils , almost obscene in its headiness .
in fact , the air smelled faintly of dried rose petals and lavender sachet , a scent any grandmother would have applauded .
just like in the club , just like with the arcadian warrior , i felt her energy , caught a lingering trace of her scent , sensual and exotic .
when i emerged , the scent of freshly brewed synthetic coffee filled my nostrils , strong and intense .
soon after , the sweet scent of onadyn filled my nostrils .
his scent wafted all around me , warm and exotic , with a hint of onadyn thrown into the blend .
without a word and without a glance in my direction , she placed a tray piled high with fruits and wine atop the desk , the sweet scent of melon wafting all around her , then sprinted from the room .
i sailed past the bedroom entrance , down the polished stair - case , and into the kitchen , where the sweet scent of caffeine greeted me .
he needs to know about- '' a familiar , pungent scent filled my nose .
his scent wrapped around me , evoking images of star - filled nights , expensive champagne , and chocolate truffles .
the scent of pine and man wafted to my nostrils , and male strength radiated all around me .
the scent of pine soap and sheer maleness wafted from him .
that warmth , that scent ... i recognized them .
i loved this room , with its intricately carved desk , the high shelves filled with real books - not the holobooks sold in stores - and the fresh scent of leather .
the cloying scent of honey still wafted from me - and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
since my desire for lucius had yet to dissipate , my honey scent wafted to her .
she immediately opened her mouth to deepen the kiss , but i kept it sweet , gentle , breathing in her scent and she mine .
the scent of cinnamon and honey instantly enveloped us .
i sucked in a breath , the scent of sun , pine , and blooming flowers taunting me with their vibrant freshness .
the intoxicating scent blended with the pine soap scent of lucius , creating an intoxicating aphrodisiac .
the intoxicating scent blended with the pine soap scent of lucius , creating an intoxicating aphrodisiac .
i breathed in the familiar scent of leather .
with each step , i imagined his scent , that soapy pine scent i so admired .
with each step , i imagined his scent , that soapy pine scent i so admired .
amid a thick haze of illegal cigarette smoke , expensive perfume , loud , laughing voices rolled through the air like a cadence of ocean waves .
meanwhile , my body thrummed with the pleasure of his heat and pine scent .
the scent of honey began to encompass us in a fragrant cloud .
` ` we ' ve got to do something about your perfume . ''
the scent of cinnamon and honey intensified .
for a long while , i soaked up lucius 's lingering scent and let the softness of the sheets caress me .
` ` what is that heavenly scent you 're wearing ? ''
the scent of bleach and lemon permeated the small , dim space .
his warm , soapy scent enveloped me .
my honey scent blended with his pine scent , fragrancing the air .
my honey scent blended with his pine scent , fragrancing the air .
his movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ?
the scent of roses drifted to my nostrils just before a warm leg pressed against mine , offering me body heat .
i love their softness , their complexities , their scents , and have decided to sample a woman of every color , race , and size . ''
the scent of exotic spices followed him and lingered in the air .
i sucked in a breath , inhaling familiar scents of pine and dirt .
the midnight air boasted the scent of hay and car fumes .
the otherworlder emitted a whiskeylike scent , yet jaxon smelled something sweet and heady .
he 'd always enjoyed the scents women slathered over their bodies , but this one seemed so much more everything than anything else he 'd ever encountered .
the perfume was utterly feminine and wholly alluring , like a drug .
her scent was stronger now , all the better , and he thought he caught a hint of jasmine .
the scent of jasmine and female spice drifted from her and should have acted as an aphrodisiac .
her heady scent , weakened .
her jasmine scent held the faintest trace of spice , enveloping him as her fingers clenched on his shoulders , nails sinking sharply .
her fingers knew the texture of his skin , and her nose recognized his masculine scent .
being near her , breathing in her sweet scent , aroused him more than being inside another woman .
his rugged scent encased her , seeping into her nostrils , then her lungs , then infusing with her every cell .
the air held no scents of home , no baked breads or pies , no fruits or perfumes .
the air held no scents of home , no baked breads or pies , no fruits or perfumes .
the scent of hearty sauce drifted to his nose , and he inhaled deeply .
leaning in , breathing in her erotic scent of pure pheromone and jasmine , he licked his way along her jawbone , down the column of her throat .
le'ace inhaled deeply , sucking in the sweet scent of victory .
the scent was amazing , very woodsy .
a honey scent wafted from her , and that scent apparently affected lucius in a big way .
a honey scent wafted from her , and that scent apparently affected lucius in a big way .
nolan 's spicy scent instantly filled her nose as she dragged in a deep breath .
he 'd learned to hold his breath so that he would n't smell their sweet scents , learned to inch away from them so that they could not even brush his shoulder with their delicious warmth .
i- '' a familiar scent suddenly drifted to her nose , and she stilled .
swiftly bride breathed in and out , the scent of pine and sky intensifying .
aleaha 's wonderful smell was so strong now , she discerned two scents wrapped together , both somehow familiar ... she was almost upon the source ... but there was no longer any women in sight .
he stomped up the steps and entered dallas 's building , the cool night air giving way to warmth and laden with the scent of lemon cleaner .
yet only when she 'd smelled his scent mixed with aleaha 's had she finally changed her objective .
the deeper she maneuvered through the apartment , the weaker aleaha 's scent of sky and pine became and the stronger devyn 's , like sun - dried sheets and rain .
it trickled over his skin the way his had done to hers , branding him with her scent , orchids and midnight tempests .
but for more of those naughty hands , that hot tongue , that decadent scent ... more of everything he had to give ... maybe .
bride breathed deeply , in and out , trying to sort through the deluge of scents .
dallas was grinning as he slid his cell over the counter , the scent of caffeine thickening the air , frivolous and decadent .
that apple scent wafted from him .
her night - wild scent wafted to his nose , and he breathed deeply .
the agents were surprisingly friendly and had honored her request for them not to wear perfume around her .
but as she thought back to their first meeting , she remembered how she 'd smelled two scents on him , both of them familiar .
again she inhaled deeply , savoring their scent .
a few were carrying cups of syn - coffee , and the scent wafted to his nose , making his mouth water .
the scent of food - fruits and nuts , no meats or spices , thank god - came with her .
he sucked in a breath and caught the scent of honey and spice .
yes , she loved the darkness and the sweet scents and the closeness she felt to her mother .
deep breath in , filled with the scents of corn dogs - her mouth watered - car exhaust and perfumes , as well as faint traces of dirt and ... other things .
deep breath in , filled with the scents of corn dogs - her mouth watered - car exhaust and perfumes , as well as faint traces of dirt and ... other things .
he flavor was as decadent as his scent , fresh , wild , and stormy , passion spiced with apples .
all while drinking her in , luxuriating in the sparkle in her eyes , the sultriness of her scent , the feminine curves of her body .
air laced with car exhaust , sunshine , and thick , cloying perfume drifted to him .
grinding his molars , he traced the lingering scent of that perfume to his guest room .
grinding his molars , he traced the lingering scent of that perfume to his guest room .
his night - wild scent enveloped her , seeping into her pores , forcing all of her thoughts on him - on getting even closer to him .
his night - wild scent reached her before he did , waking every cell she possessed .
she smelled of something rich and heady , a perfume from the wilds of a jungle , as well as the stars in the heavens .
her sweet scent was in his nose , her hand was on his chest .
cool air trickled from the vents , but nothing could override the scent of hector that permeated the small front enclosure .
once there , she could smell the coppery scent of blood , the release of bowels .
a tangle of scents wafted to noelle a split second before the waitress arrived .
brushing past him , she breathed in the scent of wild sky and clean laundry .
his scent thickened around her , enveloped her , became a part of her , the heat of him intensifying .
now as they meandered down a crowded roadway , her sweet , sexy perfume enveloping him , his mouth watered .
multiple perfumes fragranced the air , a clash of designers .
the scent of soap and orchids wafted from her .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle accompanied her , his favorite , as sultry and drugging as a moonlit night , and his stomach tightened .
her taste and scent were aphrodisiacs , her cries of passion a siren 's song .
he 'd never cared for scents or tastes before .
the most amazing perfumes fragranced the air .
chapter four zacharel released the girl the moment he was able , depositing her in the center of an empty room and stepping away from her tempting warmth , the sweetness of her scent and the gentle caress of her hair against his skin .
when at last she quieted , tears sliding down her pitted cheeks , the putrid scent of her rot fading , zacharel said calmly , ` ` i have decided to be benevolent and give you one last chance .
he wanted to kiss her , to discover if her taste would match her succulent scent .
the sweet scent of her drifted to his nose , filled his lungs , branded him .
her scent was the sweetest of aphrodisiacs .
her scent and allure must have been masked by the people surrounding her .
they ate in silence , her clean , soapy scent a live wire that connected them .
the otherworldly blue of her eyes glistened like melting ice in the summer sun , an image made all the stronger because of her new morning - meadow scent .
of course , the scents of champagne and chocolate drifted to her nose , confirming her suspicions .
her light , floral scent cast a silken net around him , the gossamer threads somehow stronger than anything he 'd ever before encountered .
saturated with annabelle 's scent .
he remembered the copper scent of fresh blood , the warmth of it as it dripped onto thane 's face , chest and legs .
and this close to thane , the scents only intensified .
and , oh , his champagne scent was even stronger now , making the ache so much worse .
the most divine scents wafted to her , and her mouth watered .
the sultriness of his scent pleased her nose .
aching because her soap - and - cherries scent had stayed with him .
her soap - and - cherries scent saturated every inch of the room .
the air thickened with perfumes and desserts and ... meat pies ?
there were vivid cuts on his forehead and cheek , but at least the purity of his scent replaced the old pennies , and the heat of his body chased away the chill of panic .
all the while elin remained still and quiet , but she was also soft and sweet , her scent rivaling all distractions , and it was n't long before the tether on his resistance frayed , then split and he accidentally - on - purpose grazed her nipple with his knuckles .
being lost in a woman : her scent , the little moans escaping the back of her throat , the way she writhed against him .
the atmosphere was thick with scents of food , perfume and exhaust .
the atmosphere was thick with scents of food , perfume and exhaust .
worse , a familiar scent of old pennies clung to her nose and sickened her stomach .
when the doors closed , sealing them inside , the scent of her filled the confined space and enveloped him ; he could almost taste the cherry flavor he knew was embedded in her skin .
as she bypassed the vampires and thane , he found himself leaning down to take in more of her cherries scent .
the scent of cherries roused his deepest hunger .
the scent of sandalwood wafted to her nostrils .
the scent of coconut and orchids drifted on a gentle breeze .
her lips were firmer than usual , and her scent was all wrong .
she did n't smell like alcohol as she had earlier when he 'd checked on her ; but even more tellingly , her scent was missing the cherries .
lost the sound of her voice , and the comfort of her scent .
the scent of honeysuckle suddenly overshadowed the stink of sulfur and melting flesh , and he inhaled deeply , closing his eyes in ecstasy .
anything to keep her just where she was , prolonging the sweetness of her scent .
geryon hesitated only a moment before following her , breathing deeply of her honeysuckle scent along the way .
and as geryon climbed over her to position himself in front of her , widening the distance between them , no longer did she smell the decadent scent of powerful male ; she smelled only the pungent odor of decay .
when looking at kadence , hearing her voice , breathing in her scent , gave him more joy than he 'd ever known ?
her honeysuckle scent enveloped him , chasing away the odor of rot .
his delectable scent filled her nose , a midnight breeze that inexplicably reminded her of home .
now she was draped over him , her feminine scent teasing his nose , her soft curves his to explore .
the scent of flowers intensified .
at second , there was an almost hypnotic quality to him , enhanced by the scent of roses drifting from him .
his heady , masculine scent wafted to her nose , summoning her closer .
he 'd even smelled her arousal , a perfume of passion , innocence and that delectable honey .
the closer he came to his bedroom , the more he could smell ashlyn 's honey scent .
not from soap or perfume , but from her .
the closer he came , the more the scent of roses thickened the air .
the closer he came , the more her scent filled his nostrils , heady , alluring .
he 'd smelled of flowers , she remembered , the scent somehow comforting her even in the midst of the greatest panic attack of her life .
lucien walked to the overturned pool table , the scent of roses drifting from him .
he could almost smell her sweet honey scent .
she fell back into his side , the scent of her skin distracting him from wondering why torin would have done such a thing .
her sweet scent was in his nose , firing his blood all the hotter .
even now , simply looking at him and imagining that scent wafting to her nose , she had to rub her arms to rid herself of goose bumps .
` ` just because , '' she said , inhaling his heady rose perfume .
she had not revealed her luscious beauty then , but her strawberry scent had branded him all the way to the bone .
the thought of being in anya 's presence once more , of smelling her strawberry scent , of caressing her soft skin , both tantalized and tormented him .
the scent of roses began to drift from him , thickening the air .
the sweetness of her voice blended with the strawberries - and - cream scent she emitted .
the scent of roses thickened the air , almost mesmerizing , beseeching her to do anything and everything he asked .
she gasped , sucking in a deep whiff of his rose scent .
his gaze was boring into her and that rose - fresh scent was clouding her mind , urging her to relax , to stay where she was and not fight him any longer .
each overflowed with white , winter flowers and emitted a honey scent .
he was instantly enveloped by that strawberries - and - cream scent .
something soft brushed his shoulder blades and the scent of strawberries became stronger , filling his nostrils , tantalizing him ; he did n't turn , did n't acknowledge the sensation .
he was barely able to concentrate on anything but her scent and her beauty every time she neared him .
the scent of flowers was growing stronger , wafting from him , twining around her and drawing tight .
nor did he smell her enticing strawberry scent .
she disappeared , leaving a trace of her strawberry scent .
he could feel her body heat and smell her strawberry scent - his two favorite things , he realized .
a blonde passed him , carrying two paper sacks from which the scent of fresh - baked bread wafted .
i ' ve tried to resist you since the moment i first smelled your strawberry scent , '' he said .
his long white robe brushed her legs and his ambrosia scent wafted around her .
think about the key later , when you are alone and not consumed by the scents of strawberries and destruction .
he loved holding her close , her strawberry scent enveloping him .
the heady scent of roses enveloped the room .
he buried his head in her neck , inhaling her strawberry scent .
the dewy scent of roses suddenly saturated the air , thick and lush and so unexpected in the late - winter night that reyes would have sworn he 'd been transported to a spring meadow .
there was a pause , the rose scent intensifying .
both were overflowing with heart - attack - in - the - making fries and wafting delicious scents to her nose , making her mouth water and her stomach rumble .
the scent of roses always drifted from him , insidiously sweet .
the metallic scent of his blood blended with the aromas of urine and body odor .
he closed his eyes , his nostrils suddenly filled with her scent .
overwarm , stuffy air became cool and fragrant , a mix of good and bad aromas : fresh flowers , car exhaust , baked breads and cloying perfume .
in and out she breathed , the familiar scent of sandalwood and pine filling her nose .
she inhaled deeply , suddenly drowning in the scent of man and spice and inexplicably happy for it .
even now , she might be breathing in his scent , making his essence a part of her .
` ` i thought i smelled the sweet scent of culinary genius . ''
they carried the scent of roses and ... old eggs ?
her scent filled his nose , thunderstorms and innocence .
two , the scent of thunderstorms and angel - skies filled his nose , sultry and erotic .
she would have been able to pick him out of a lineup blindfolded , his woodsy scent like a tether that bound them together .
the scent of blood filled his nose , sweet and sultry , a warm night after a bitterly cold day , gentle moonlight after too much time roasting in the harsh sun .
cool night scents floated on the breeze , but they had failed to calm her .
he ached , oh , gods , he ached from the pleasure of danika 's scent , her lovely eyes feasting on him , her lips pressing against his .
` ` yes , '' she said , breathing deeply of his fresh pine scent .
her skin was petal - soft , fragrant with the scent of night skies .
he would smell her sweet scent constantly .
all he could do was breathe danika in deeply - gods , that sea - storm scent drove him wild - and stalk from the room .
but that lasted only a minute before she was sucking in his scent , her lungs desperate .
cronus stepped forward , the scent of stars and sky radiating from him .
the sweet scent of her satisfaction enveloped him .
the scent of roses suddenly filled the room .
the scent of sandalwood was laced with the metallic tang of blood , and both wafted to her .
the scent of coffee wafted to her , a summoning finger she could n't resist , and she eased up .
though he wanted to push her against the wall , claim her lips with his own , drown in her scent and her flavor , he motioned to the door .
her stormy scent wafted to him and he could n't help but inhale deeply .
the scent of sandalwood did n't fill her nose .
breathing deeply of her wild storm scent , he rested his chin in the hollow of her neck and followed the direction of her gaze .
nike had been pressed against his side the entire mile , her female scent in his nose , her heat radiating into his body .
the scent of spiced meat wafted to his nose , and his mouth curled in distaste .
it was more of that strange disappointment - disappointment that he 'd been interrupted ! standing before bianka , breathing in her wicked scent , feeling the heat of her body , all he 'd been able to recall was the decadent taste of her .
the bowl appeared , the scent of butter wafting to her nose .
the scent of decadent , powerful male enveloped her , chasing away the pungent odor of decay .
he did not know if she 'd survived their island game or if the gods had set her free , but sometimes he would swear that he smelled her sweet scent , felt the gentle glide of her hands on him .
but the sweet scent of her was in his nose , her ni**les hard against his chest , her thighs pliant against his , and soon he had to have more .
her erotic scent , a fragrance of wild passion and sweet female , would instantaneously lead him to her location .
human scents coated the stale , dusty air : cologne , sweat , an assortment of foods .
the scent of lemon and mint strengthened .
his breathing was deep , even , his lemon and mint scent wafting to her .
her sunshine scent , buried underneath the grime she 'd yet to wash off , continually wafted to him , summoning him closer ... closer still ... to give in was to destroy her .
judging by the scent wafting from the plate , there was a ham sandwich , a handful of baked lays , a bowl of grapes and a glass of - gwen sniffed - cranberry juice .
then those sensual fingers tangled in her hair , working in shampoo , the scent of lemon dancing from them .
the scents were divine .
there was nothing , no shimmery outline , no heavenly scent .
outside , warm air enveloped him , fragrant with the scents of nature .
nine minutes later , she emerged , face damp , the scent of lemons wafting from her .
already she could smell the sweetness of his scent .
he 'd slept next to her - his lemon and mint scent in her nose , his heat wafting to her , his raspy breaths ringing in her ears , her body attuned to his every movement , skin itching for a touch , a single touch , heart racing - but he had n't made a move .
he was hard as a steel pipe , her female scent in his nose .
sabin concentrated on breathing deep and even , drawing her scent into his nose .
she was blinking up at him in confusion , the scent of desire wafting from her .
her strawberry scent wafted to his nose as she tugged him upright , and he nearly toppled .
his lemon scent wafted to her nose , a drug she 'd become addicted to .
as paris downed another mouthful of his liquor , the scent of ambrosia wafted on the breeze , as gentle and sweet as baby 's breath .
grinning , she drew in a deep breath that brought with it the scent of exotic spice and forbidden fantasies .
soon , steam and the scent of sandalwood soap were drifting through the room .
the scent of sulfur clung to her , and wrath sighed , clearly homesick .
he 'd liked having her wild - sky scent in his nose .
the liquid swished inside , different scents drifting to her nose .
as if in a trance , he closed the distance between them , the scent of night flowers suddenly filling his nose .
he breathed deeply , catching the scent of bark , dewy leaves , sweat , the lemon soap sabin used , paris 's aftershave and his personal favorite ... wild sky .
soft footsteps resounded , then olivia was beside him , gazing into the approaching night , her wild scent enveloping him .
unfortunately , she left the sweet scent of vanilla in her wake , taunting his bastard of a nose .
she could smell the ambrosia he 'd already consumed ; she recognized the sweet scent because paris always smelled like that , and she knew galen would be drunk very soon .
he lifted the sheets and pressed the still - warm cotton to his cheek , the scent of midnight orchids wafting to his nose .
she now smelled of the same apples - and - vanilla fragrance that coated the air , along with the usual floral scent that coated her skin .
the scent of fresh baked bread , chicken and rice suddenly hit her nose and her mouth watered .
night birds were chirping , the scent of wildflowers saturated the air and gideon was gloriously bathed in that violet - tinted light .
it was like a cloying perfume , pungent enough to sting the nostrils .
her sweet scent , the intensity of her emotions .
the air was cool , fragrant with the sweet scent of ambrosia .
especially when the scent of orchids had wafted to his nose .
her scent was like nose candy and better than any ambrosia he 'd ever snorted .
and the scent of that ambrosia ...
their scents perfumed the air , a col age of orchids , morning dew , chocolate and champagne .
only the scent of beloved - and hated - morning dew .
hated because , with the fresh , clean scent , reality was brought into technicolor focus .
he focused on the earthy perfume and cooling breeze , head automatical y turning to the left , fol owing invisible threads wafting in the air .
her scent , so earthy .
then he inhaled deeply , as if he could n't get enough of her scent .
first things he noticed : the taste of frosted apricots fil ed his mouth , there was a wonderful chil inside him , cooling the fires that had raged , and an earthy perfume wafted into his nose every time he inhaled .
that earthy perfume belonged to her , as raw and basic as his need for her .
the scent of sandalwood bonded with the rising steam .
his sandalwood scent consumed her senses , reminding her of their shower .
` ` nope , no perfume , but i did visit a bakery just before i hunted lucien down .
the scent of cinnamon and sugar was stronger now , enveloping him , making his mouth water .
after she shampooed his hair , breathing in the scent of sandalwood , she tilted him backward and rinsed every strand .
she was naked , he was naked , and her soft scent was imprinted in his sinuses .
this was the last place he 'd seen haidee , the last place he 'd held her , tasted her , and he did n't want to leave just yet , did n't want to give up the sweet scent of her that lingered in the air or the chil of her that was wrapped around him like a cloak .
the scents of filched biscuits and honey coated the air , making her mouth water .
history was a scent that clung to almost every polished piece .
the scent of cinnamon wafted from him , and as she inhaled - panted , really - her heart skidded into an uncontrollable beat .
every movement wafted her scent to his nose , cinnamon and sugar , a feast for his senses .
the scent of cinnamon continued to waft from her , enveloping him , hazing his thoughts .
the air carried the sweet scent of ambrosia , he realized .
one look at his face , one inhalation of his scent , and people - no matter their species or gender - threw themselves at him .
soon the scent of chocolate and expensive champagne thickened the air .
she had n't heard him move , but there he was , his heat already wrapped around her , his scent strong and sweet in her nose .
the scent of jasmine oil and sandalwood drifted to his nose and he tried not to inhale .
already the scents of chocolate and champagne drifted from him .
the scent of avocado and salt hit her nose and she cringed .
in , out she breathed - and caught the scent of cinnamon .
he leaned in and nuzzled her with his nose , inhaling the sweet scent of female .
he was directly behind her , his cinnamon scent enveloping her , and she chose to believe him .
the air was hot , humid and layered with the scents of rot and sulfur .
and she smelled of roses , he realized with a jolt , the gentle scent suddenly clinging to his sinuses , very nearly drowning him in a warm sense of peace .
forcing his blood to heat and the musky scent of arousal to drift from him , as sultry as champagne , as heady as chocolate .
the scent of sulfur overpowered the scent of roses , a scarlet mist wafting from her , stinging his nostrils , making his demon whimper like a newborn baby .
the scent of sulfur overpowered the scent of roses , a scarlet mist wafting from her , stinging his nostrils , making his demon whimper like a newborn baby .
the scent of aged copper filled the air , leaving a moist film in his nose .
could still smell her sweet wildflower scent .
ambrosia 's sweet , sweet perfume permeated his skin , overshadowed everything else , including the need to kill , but oh , he now wanted to imbibe .
despite his injuries , he hardened a second time , his demon 's scent wafting from him , a rich chocolate mingled with the most expensive champagne .
more than feeling her heat , he smelled her scent all around him , enveloping him .
her scent was as strong as if she were actually growing in an ambrosia field .
a dark , rich scent would seep from paris 's pores , intoxicating everyone nearby , luring them closer .
only sienna 's slight weight in his arms , her tropical , feminine scent in his nose , her silky hair brushing against his skin , grounded him .
the magnification of her drugging scent should have sent him flying straight into a round of withdrawal - or chewing at her neck .
as she rubbed her cheek against him , his champagne - and - chocolate scent hit her , more intense than ever before , and derailed her thoughts .
her thoughts derailed a second time as more and more of his scent permeated her skin .
he leaned closer ... closer still ... breathed deeply , taking in the erotic scent of her desire .
the scent of dark chocolate and expensive champagne drifted from him , enveloping her , fogging her thoughts , electrifying her already sensitized nerves .
she knew she had just repeated what he 'd said , again , but that rich scent was seeping from him , surrounding her , blinding her to everything but him .
a spike of fear added a layer of spice to the sweetness of sienna 's scent .
when the scent of chocolate and champagne began to waft from him , he cursed under his breath .
he still had her sweet , tropical scent in his nose .
breathing deeply , he drank in her tropical scent , letting it brand him , remake him .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle saturated the air .
and as the woman lifted her onto the table , she 'd caught the sweet coconut scent of ambrosia .
he was heavy , his grip so tight she could n't breathe in the rose scent she 'd come to associate with him .
darkness had become a perfume that constantly wafted from his pores .
her scent hit him , and he wrinkled his nose in distaste .
a cloying perfume , laced with the scent of cigarette smoke .
a cloying perfume , laced with the scent of cigarette smoke .
would she smell the stale cigarettes and old perfume he had n't been able to wash from his skin ?
he 'd never thought to experience sexual desire again - not true desire - and yet , when he 'd tackled her , her softness beneath him , and he 'd had her scent in his nose , and her panting breaths in his ears , he 'd yearned to strip her , to see her , all of her , and take everything she had to give .
the scent of a thousand floral perfumes saturated the air , and he gagged .
the scent of a thousand floral perfumes saturated the air , and he gagged .
part of kane wanted to continue staring at the princess , trying to unravel the mystery of her , but the scent of rosemary and mint wafted to him and his body reacted as if he 'd just been stripped and caressed .
her eyes drank in the purity of his features , and her nostrils became saturated with the decadence of his scent .
he peered up at the darkened ceiling , inhaling the sweetness of her scent , holding it , holding it as long as he could , unwilling to give it up until the last possible second .
synda smelled of floral perfume .
the scent of floral perfume hit her first , the preferred fragrance of the opulens and one she despised .
the scent of floral perfume hit her first , the preferred fragrance of the opulens and one she despised .
the scent of cleaning supplies had faded , and she smelled of rosemary and mint again , sweet and innocent .
her taste and scent were his dream of home ... his ... yes , yes .
her presence barely registered , she was so light , but her scent was there , sweet and strong , wonderfully familiar , and he found comfort in it .
he was so close , his clean , soapy scent thick in her nose .
by the time the group reached the throne room , the air was thick with flowery scents and as cloying as usual .
soon , the scent of soap wafted to her .
a delicate bone structure registered first , followed by the heartwarming scent of rosemary and mint .
here , now , with her scent in his nose , an obvious hunger for him in her eyes , she could give it to him .
the scent of rosemary enveloped him .
she caught the scent of freshly cut grass and flowers , and the sound of murmuring voices ... voices tapering to a quiet .
it was a scent she 'd come to adore .
dirt , grass , old oats , body odor , stale perfume , even the tang of corroded copper .
a deep breath in , and he caught the scent of coffee in the air .
she tossed a burlap sack through the bars and onto his lap , the scent of buttered toast and freshly cooked syn - sausage wafting to his nose .
she turned a corner and entered the food court , the scent of fried bread and meats wafting through the air , followed by caramel and citrus .
he 'd found her beautiful before , but now , knowing what he did about her , feeling the warmth of her skin surround him , inhaling the delicacy of her scent , mint and jasmine , she was exquisite .
the sandalwood scent she 'd added to solo 's enzyme spray mixed with the unique fragrance of peat smoke he emitted , penetrating the stupor around her mind .
the sweetness of her scent had filled his nose .
her mint and jasmine scent would permeate the air .
she felt safe with him , trusted him , and he was glad - even though holding her was the sweetest and the worst sort of torture , her decadent scent in his nose , her soft curves pushed against the hardness of his body .
steam rose , and the scents caused her mouth to water .
vika opened the passenger door , warm air bathing her , amazingly fresh and clean , layered with scents she remembered from long ago .
a collage of perfumes scented the air , mixing with the effervescence of champagne and the aroma of smoked salmon on herbed crackers carried on trays by more than a hundred waiters .
at her side , he noted the scent of honey and almonds wafting from her .
the scent of smoke wafted through the air , stinging her nostrils .
there were moments a woman stroked him , and muttered to him , her honey - almond scent saturating him and her raspy voice delighting him .
her scent was richer , and her voice sexier .
the scent of honey and almonds intensified , and his mouth actually watered .
her honey - almond scent saturated the entire vehicle .
problem was , evie 's honey - almond scent saturated this vehicle as well .
he steeled himself against her honey - almond scent , saying , ` ` just one of many . ''
of his scent in her nose , champagne and strawberries .
the air was thick with the scents of rot and mold .
evie had gone north , so he took off in that direction , following the lingering trace of her sweet perfume .
the scent of dust and musk wafted up , layered with something else .
the more she breathed , the more the sandalwood scent clung to her , and the more her reality altered , as if this , her home , was nothing more than a mirage .
she would smell of too - strong floral perfume mixed with the raw ooze of a putrid wound - evidence of her rotting heart .
he would not be able to resist that scent for long .
he closed his eyes for a moment , enjoying the scent of her - and felt the ache in his gums intensify .
when close to her , the scent of her was nearly overpowering and so delectable he was probably drooling .
she liked his scent as much as he liked hers , he realized .
in and out she breathed , luxuriating in the scent of sandalwood .
this delicate , haunted woman with the tantalizing scent , who had offered him the only glimpse of sunlight in a darkened void .
nicolai was no longer oiled , his skin was scrubbed to a healthy pink shine , and yet , the scent of sandalwood was stronger than ever .
he was enveloped by the sweetest scent of passion ... fading ... and the ripe scent of pain ... intensifying .
but gods , much more of her incredible scent and he would fall on her , perhaps drink too much of her blood .
her flavor , as sweet as her scent , fizzed and crackled over his taste buds , and he moaned .
he breathed deeply , catching her scent .
at first , she had watched him with those haunted amber eyes , her scent so sweet he could practically taste it .
he locked on to jane 's sweet scent , mixed with the disgusting aroma of laila and her men .
the scent of roasted chicken hit her , transporting her straight to heaven .
jane 's scent , so sweet ... stronger now ... so close ... mixed with a hundred others .
he felt her energy , as sweet as her scent and ... now blended with his own .
the sweetness of her scent infused with his cells .
standing before bianka , breathing in her wicked scent , feeling the heat of her body , all he 'd been able to recall was the decadent taste of her .
god , she 'd missed that scent .
no wonder vasili always smelled so sweet , though she was surprised he 'd chosen such a feminine scent for himself .
viviana covered her mouth with the back of her hand to stifle a whimper , and swore she could smellhis masculine scent lingering on her skin .
the scent of his skin was intoxicating , and despite his hesitance , she could n't find the strength to back away .
` ` winikin do n't do offense , '' he grated , trying not to notice how her warmth seeped into him , trying not to remember the things her soft scent made him want to dwell on .
she smiled , closing her eyes , savoring the familiar low - country scents .
he blurted , catching another whiff of her downright gorgeous scent .
i want more , but ... '' he pressed his nose against the top of her head , inhaling the lavender scent of shampoo .
she felt the fast rhythm of his heart beating against her own chest , smelled the masculine scent of his skin , the fresh , clean aroma of shampoo in his hair .
his wild scent filled my nose , a decadent reminder of what i did n't have ... what i might never have again .
wild and primal and enough to make me close my eyes and savor the familiar scent .
i luxuriated in the chilled , fresh air , the cloying scent of mingling perfumes fading , and yawned .
i luxuriated in the chilled , fresh air , the cloying scent of mingling perfumes fading , and yawned .
i winced , inhaling deeply and catching the scent of cleaners , medicine and ... rome ?
i inhaled again , savoring the scent .
the scent of fish oil wafts through the train car .
four sleeps on the floor and i sleep on his bed , on top of the quilt , breathing in the scent of his pillowcase .
the scent of lemongrass and sage , once pleasant , turns sour in my nose .
the sharp , sweet smell of rotting apples mixes with the scent of wet earth in my nose .
i knew it was al by the way he smelled - i can still call the scent of lemongrass to mind .
it brings in the chill , but it 's worth it and almost instantly the house is filled with the scent of salt and pine .
beneath the scent of her shampoo and face cream , she smells the slightest bit different - not bad , but ... different - a result of the chemo and all the other things they 're currently doing to her body .
shifting on his stool , nathan filled her personal space with his heat , his clean , male scent , his intention .
she leaned forward , pressed her lips to his shoulder , then kissed a line toward his belly button his own t - shirt brushed his face as she leaned forward , and he dragged in the sexually intoxicating smell of their mingled scents .
he sauntered toward her , and his scent wrapped around her , touched her nose , made her ache .
he lowered to the pool ledge , and his familiar scent touched her nose .
she sat next to him and her scent curled in the air like a breeze , citrus and flowers and sunshine .
filling his head with her scent .
he raked his fingers through her hair , closed his eyes and breathed in the floral scent of her shampoo .
her very full breasts pressed against his biceps , and the heavy scent of perfume grew even heavier .
her very full breasts pressed against his biceps , and the heavy scent of perfume grew even heavier .
her thigh muscles quivered as she came down from her second climax , and ryker licked her pussy again and again , drowning in her tangy , musky taste , floating in her wildly erotic scent .
he smelled musky and male , only a hint of spice left from his morning shower now , and she dragged in a deep breath of his scent .
he absorbed her presence , her scent , the soft heat wafting from her body .
he caught his own scent mingled with hers , and the fire in his groin flared .
instead of remembering the sexual images the scent conjured , she thought of the way he 'd looked that last night after he 'd fallen asleep and all the stress had vanished from his face .
a heavy , powdery scent wafted off her , along with her body heat .
the scent brought memories swimming back - of long , quiet nights sleeping in his hospital room , of slow , challenging days of physical therapy .
the thick , fresh scent of pine hit him first , which he guessed was coming from the tree in the window of another room facing the street .
she smelled of soft perfume and powder .
over the overwhelming sweet scent of the ice cream in my hands , i caught a hint of aftershave .
his scent enveloped me - soap and clean aftershave , and underneath that , the faint smell that was uniquely jendan .
i pull my shirt up over my nose , so the smell of blood in the room is covered by the baby - powder scent of my antiperspirant .
his scent intoxicated me , arousing my hunger .
there was a scent of garlic coming from the woman , and i realized the water was her sweat .
chapter twenty - three i followed the scent of bacon and coffee into the kitchen , where i found a dark - haired girl , wearing an oversized man 's t - shirt and nothing else , fixing breakfast .
i nudged my way down into her crease , savoring the scent and taste of her .
i snuggled up to her , my nose in aubrey 's dark hair , breathing in her scent .
` ` it is my natural scent .
what i meant to say was that my scent is a treat to the senses . ''
the coppery scent of fresh blood filled my nostrils .
his masculine scent was even sweeter , as if time had only made him more potent and delicious like a fine wine .
his scent filled my lungs and pummeled my self - control .
i inhaled deeply letting the complex , masculine scent fill my lungs .
i inhaled his scent , relishing the sensation of guy 's scent filling my lungs , his weight on top of me .
i inhaled his scent , relishing the sensation of guy 's scent filling my lungs , his weight on top of me .
i inhaled that sweet and smoky scent , which gently infused the air around him .
his eyes were a thousand times more powerful than the rush from his scent filling my lungs , the taste of his lips , or the growl he made when he thrust himself between my legs .
she sucked in a deep breath as if absorbing his scent .
her feminine scent , her warmth , everything about her filled his mind with erotic bliss .
* * * helena 's enticing scent was driving him toward madness .
he wanted to learn her , to savor her scent and bathe in her beauty .
niccolo waited the agreed six seconds , sampling the scents in the air , before deciding the ground floor was secure .
she still craved him , his addictive scent , the endless depths of his dark eyes .
his standard : taking her for the first time over a bed of velvety red rose petals , the midnight crackle of a fireplace , the sweet scent of her arousal filling his lungs as he plunged himself repeatedly inside her .
* * * niccolo 's boots thumped across the hardwood floor as he paced the spacious penthouse bedroom - helena 's abandoned penthouse , he chastised himself - bathing in her luscious , fading scent while he considered and reconsidered what to do .
she 'd driven him past the brink of madness with her satin skin infused with her sweet , feminine scent .
he lay on the bed in a plain white t - shirt and worn jeans , using her favorite cream sweater as a pillow so he could wallow in her scent .
the scent of helena , shampoo , and soap filled the air .
the sweet scent of her clean warm skin filled his lungs .
then she stopped to inhale his scent .
i never wanted to be without him , his touch , or the sweet , rich , exotic scent of him that filled my lungs .
i struggled hard , but he was strong and warm and his scent lulled me into a state of calm .
i loved having my hair and clothes saturated with his delicious , exotic scent .
he continued , ` ` you are immune to the powers of the gods ; their scents , their commands , and the influences of their energies .
the air filled with the scent of fresh - cut daisies and fragrant vanilla , and the heaviness lifted from his chest .
the scent of vanilla and daisies filled the air .
he tasted the city on his tongue - hot dogs roasting on the corner , the rose - scented perfume of a woman walking her dog nineteen stories below on the sidewalk , a couple sipping hot chocolate in the park just across the way .
he 'd never smelled anything sweeter than that scent of daisies .
it smelled like death mixed with that sweet perfume .
then she inhaled his scent , fully expecting him to pull away , but he did n't .
but christ almighty , if he did n't find ixtab 's smell the most addictive scent known to man - err - vampire .
the coolness of the fresh water instantly refreshed her bare skin , but she wished it could do more than wash away the stale scent of the cenote on her body .
chapter treinta y tres ixtab snuggled against the masculine warmth at her side and savored the sensation of being completely enveloped in a sweet male scent .
her sweet , tropical scent filled the air .
his natural scent .
ironically , he felt like the one being lulled by ashli 's scent .
then she noticed that scent again .
she 'd smelled his intoxicating , virile scent on her pillow .
even now , she smelled his scent in the air and felt his energy buzzing about the room .
why did death insist on having the sublime voice and scent of an angel of seduction ?
his hot , sensual scent filled her nostrils .
rubin sat next to her and the scent of fresh pastries filled her nostrils .
but then his scent began to work its way into her lungs .
his scent , so sweet and addictive , overwhelmed her senses .
the air in the room lacked his delicious scent and the strange energy that circulated about when he was near .
suddenly , the room filled with a delicious scent .
i closed my eyes and inhaled the soothing scent of the lavender soap , pretending it was a magical potion that could erase any fear lurking inside my mind .
in fact , the air was fragrant with spices and the delicious scent of king 's cologne .
king 's seductive scent permeated the air and gave me an unexpected sense of excitement .
after a few minutes , the crippling ache dissipated , and i caught myself feeling soothed by king 's luscious scent .
i used to think it was some sort of expensive cologne , but now i wondered if it was his natural scent - sort of citrusy with a hint of spice .
i ' ve wished for this for so long , i keep thinking it 's a big , crazy delusion and i ' ve finally tipped the scales to full blown psychosis , '' i said , breathing in the scent of her shampoo as i pressed my nose into her hair .
the hot press of his hands mixed with the musky sweet scent of his sweat was intoxicating .
i could smell the grease from his shift at barton 's mixed with a scent that was undeniably jordan .
i asked , clueless to his point , my nose filled with a scent that was at once unfamiliar but also absurdly tantalizing .
it must be my magnetic i'm - moving - on - with - my - life perfume .
the horrible scent of too much disinfectant and an overabundance of stress and grief stuck in the back of my throat .
pinned to his familiar body , enveloped in his scent , i listened to the gentle cadence of his breaths until i was able to follow him into sleep .
i went back to my bedroom and looked at the mussed sheets , still able to smell vivian 's lingering scent .
i snuggled close , burying my nose into the soft fabric of his shirt and spent a few seconds just enjoying the scent of him .
our knees brushed one another and i could smell his aftershave and a scent that was one hundred percent danny .
he had only kissed me and explained that my scent was calming .
as soon as i was inside , i was enveloped in a set of warm arms and the pungent scent of patchouli .
the sickeningly sweet smell of decaying food mixed with the scent of flowers made me want to puke .
i could smell the musky scent of his cologne and willed myself to not lean into him .
i breathed deeper , struck with panic as his scent began to fade .
i breathed her in , remembering her scent .
i did n't have time to contemplate it before the door swung open , her sweet scent fil ing the air .
i breathed him in , memorizing the way he smell ed , his scent heady with need .
my arms were wrapped around my pil ow , her scent still surrounding me .
i curled onto my side , burying my face in the sheets , breathing in daniel 's scent mixed with mine .
i sighed , breathing in his scent mixed with the crisp , night air .
he immediately took me in his arms , his scent washing over me .
swimming in the perfume that was only melanie , i all owed her aura to ground me .
i could n't help but nuzzle my nose in the crook of his neck , smell ing his soft , clean scent as i patted him on the back and coaxed the bubble from deep within his belly .
a wave of floral perfume hits me like a truck before i ' m even halfway there .
the predominance of pine trees gives them a nice scent , and even though that means you come out able to freshen a car , it 's nice not to worry about big , slavering animals that want to chew on your face .
she runs toward me and throws her arms around my neck , smelling of floral perfume and dirt .
she was wearing the same floral perfume she 'd worn ever since i could remember , and i was struck with memories of how incredibly good she had always been to me .
i kissed her for what felt like forever , my senses filled with the sting of heavy perfume and a thickness that had my pulse beating erratically .
what i would give to be in the midst of the shuffle of my mother 's kitchen now , the scents rising up from the oven as the turkey cooked to perfection .
i loved the way he smelled , his shirt thick with the crisp scent of fresh laundry , mixing with the essence that always surrounded him - peppermint and cigarettes .
she inched forward , invading my senses with her soft scent , coconut and fresh and overwhelmingly girl - everything i 'd tried to rid my brain of over the last two weeks .
i could n't be closed in here with her , with her scent and her smile and everything that was aly that had become the only thing in this world that i wanted .
our scent still lingered in them , thick and strong .
my hair whipped around my face while the sun warmed it , my senses fil ed with the sound of gul s and the scent of the sea .
i lamented those years and hugged elizabeth 's pil ow close as i took comfort in her scent , took comfort in her presence as i praised her for sharing the life i 'd chosen not to be a part of - praised her for being brave enough to all ow me to be a part of it now .
my mouth opened , but only a soft breath came from the very back of my throat , stopping on the sweet scent of his vibrant , chocolaty cologne .
i inhaled the scent of gravy and italian herb .
i smelled his sweet scent before i felt his presence behind me .
i left my lips slightly open as i smiled , because the sweet scent of his cologne brushed pleasantly over my tongue every time he leaned in or spoke .
as we came nearer to the opening , the muddy clay smell disappeared under a damp , kind of mossy scent , spiked with the lemony fragrance of tree sap .
` ` i am , '' i said enthusiastically , logging the cool , minty scent of his breath in my memory .
we all laughed , and david pulled me closer until my head rested between his jaw and shoulder , our thighs touching , the warmth from under his arm making the sharp , sweet smell of his cologne so much stronger ; a spicy scent , like brut , not the orangey - chocolate one he usually wore .
the fresh scent of mr warner 's cut grass next door mixed with the lemony fragrance of vicki 's bathroom cleaner , and the sound of the vacuum cleaner down the hall sent a warm pang of calm through me .
i nodded , and we laid that way for a while then , music filling the silence , while a summer breeze swept through the window , circling my vanilla body wash with the fragrance of fresh cut grass and the sharp , spicy scent of david 's cologne .
dad 's car smelled nothing like this , and though the upholstery of david 's car was sticky and uncomfortable under my legs in the summer heat , it seemed to retain the aged scent of experience - a bit like riding in the car with my grandpa , which made it emotionally comforting - kind of ... safe .
when we came out to the clearing by the lake , the familiar lemony spice of wet bark and the heavy clay scent of decomposing leaves awakened my senses .
we both took a long , shaky breath , and the sweet scent of honey came back on my lips , making my mouth water .
i flicked the lamp out and snuggled down , breathing the fruity scent of my sheets .
the morning greeted me with a light , airy feeling , and the awakening floral scent of frangipanis sent shivers of normality through my chest .
as i cleared the windbreak of the house , the morning breeze blew in from the east , sweeping the dewy scent of roses in on its back .
when david took the final turn onto the long stretch of tree - covered road , my arms loosened , my lungs drawing the fresh pine scent of evergreens and the cinnamon flavour of the approaching autumn .
that rich , orange - chocolate scent , the scent that could only be david 's , matched his gorgeously gentle personality so well .
that rich , orange - chocolate scent , the scent that could only be david 's , matched his gorgeously gentle personality so well .
i closed them , feeling a tickle down my cheek , and the sweet , vibrant perfume of roses filled the air around me - flavouring my breath with a walk in the garden .
chapter eighteen the warm air of the fading summer skimmed across the glassy surface of the lake , filling my lungs with the scent of grass and clay .
his warm breath moved over my neck , slipping around to my spine as his lips gently made a line of kisses from my ear to my collar bones , his hair brushing my cheek , his shoulder right in front of my mouth , taking my hot , lustful breaths , and sending them back to me with the scent of david .
the warm scent of vanilla and cinnamon wafted out in a moist puff from the bag .
under the moisture of my tongue , his sweet scent became his flavour - the lovely orange - chocolate replacing the gritty , salty taste i 'd expected .
i breathed him in deep ; he smelled sweeter than he did before - a more concentrated version of his scent , kind of like a terry 's orange chocolate treat .
the heat within the leather felt like that warm spot in someone else 's bed after they get up , layered pleasantly with the scent of citrus and that woodsy smell his car had .
she opened my window , and the fresh scent of cut grass and rain blew in with the light breeze .
the windows all around the house were open , same as every weekend , and the soft lemon scent of vicki 's bathroom cleaner mixed with the moist weight of freshly cut grass , drying the back of my throat as i drew a deep breath .
the air smelled murky with rotting leaves under the diluted scent of dead roses , their brown petals blown away in the wind , littering the cobblestone path like confetti .
the deep , almost candy - musk scent of his cologne made a flash of his bedroom , back home , pop into my mind .
exhaustion made me flop back down on my pillow , and as my hand fell beside my face , something cool and smooth touched my fingertips , filling my senses with the floral perfume of roses .
i sniffed its sweet , soft scent , fading as the autumn destroyed everything that was once beautiful in the summer .
my room greeted me with the crisp scent of fresh linen under a diluted waft of coconut soap and strawberry shampoo .
like a strong link to a powerful memory , the faint hint of a familiar scent touched my lungs .
spreading the covers out neatly over my ribs , i drew a deep breath of the morning , smelling the warm scent of toast beneath it .
he nodded , reaching for me , and as i rolled my face into his hand , i jumped back with the cold shock of electricity through my cheek , waking to the feel of icy skin and a familiar sweet scent hiding under the shadows of dawn .
i looked over at mike , sleeping peacefully , and drew in the sweet pear scent of the rose once more .
his firm grip sent a rush of blood shooting from my arm to my heart ; he pulled me closer , his orange - chocolate scent waking my mind to a different version of the dream it always put me in - casting me suddenly into the theatrics of a nightmare .
the cold night air burned my throat as it scraped into my lungs , dragging vestiges of jason 's sweet scent with it - a scent that once reminded me of love , but now , only reeked of cold fear .
the cold night air burned my throat as it scraped into my lungs , dragging vestiges of jason 's sweet scent with it - a scent that once reminded me of love , but now , only reeked of cold fear .
then , as i sniffled , the memory of david 's scent replayed in the darkness , an apparition of him appearing before me , making me lose the fight to subdue my sobs .
but the warm , soft scent of fresh - baked bread gave me an instant smile .
beyond that , the enchanted forest bordered the manor , and all the way toward the east wing , a sweeping breeze swayed the long grasses in a field , rising up over the stone edge of my balcony and brushing my hair back with the scent of the ocean .
as we reached the landing on the second floor , the spicy scent of curry and boiled rice made my stomach groan .
the sweet , sharp scent of lilies and cherry blossoms filtered summer perfume into the warm evening .
the sweet , sharp scent of lilies and cherry blossoms filtered summer perfume into the warm evening .
she said it 's like a scent , like he changes cologne every few minutes .
after a while , she started to recognise which scent went with which feeling , or thought . ''
i smiled back at him as the light flooded down my walls , blotting out his face , my pillows , my dresser , until spring spread out around me - my only cage the long grass , rising up past my shoulders and cheeks with the wet scent of soil and crushed daisies .
my eyelids popped open , the warm scent of toast and garlic filling my nostrils before daylight signed the registry of consciousness .
the lure of arthur 's music led me down the corridor by my ears , touching my soul like a warm hug , and the scent of garlic followed me out of my room , stealing the sweetness of summer rain outside .
twenty or so paces ahead , i could just make out hollows in the walls on both sides , and as we neared them , the dry , powdery scent of dirt made me want to take shallower breaths , not letting them slip past the back of my throat .
` ` like a mask - it blocks the scent , leaving a rancid perfume .
he held me into his chest and kissed the top of my head ; i could feel the warmth of his breath and smell the way his orange - chocolate scent mixed with the heat , making me feel as if i was wrapped up tightly in naked - him .
i drew a sharp intake of breath when i touched my fingers to the flower , feeling the solid , silky petals of a rose - so real , even its scent , as if we were actually standing right here , face to face , hip to hip , breath to breath .
when i opened them again , light filled the room and a shock of ice washed through me , leaving me half naked , covered only by silk and the scent of my husband .
and the scent of the rose became the memory jerker to my confusion .
` ` i was told lilith had it laid when she was a woman , so she could pass each of her favourite scents as she walked - a way of clearing her head . ''
the gentle scent of clay and pine came through the doors at the back of the room , and the absolute silence felt almost peaceful .
i could only imagine what scent he was catching from me then , because he scratched his brow with one finger , laughing a little .
i rubbed my nose a few times to get the itch of morgaine 's musky perfume from it .
feeling a deep rumble in the pit of my stomach , i inhaled the wafting , savoury scent of chickens being roasted in the kitchen .
a sweet chocolaty scent ran through me with a deeper breath as i rolled onto my side , seeing a shape through the glare , like a beautiful man laying right in front of me , face to face .
so , i wandered away from the windbreak of the cliff and let the ocean breeze wrap around me , bringing the soft scent of frangipani fabric softener and salty sea spray .
` ` it has david 's scent on it .
under the light of the stars outside , the cool breeze filled my lungs with a fresh , floral scent .
the sweet , spicy scent of butter chicken wafted away as a plate of custard and apple pie took its place .
he smelled so normal , like a human ; no orange chocolate , just powdery fabric softener and a light hint of some spicy cologne , and it was the most darling scent in the world .
i read over the titles and text of historical events , looking for something of interest , and each time i flipped a page , the scent of ancient paper became stronger , almost reminding me of the way libraries smelled when i was a kid , like it had changed somehow - faded as i grew older .
but shadows formed around my face and the sweet scent of orange - chocolate filled the air .
all around us , the smell of damp , briny leather and engine fuel on heavy ropes reminded me of the time i went on a submarine , while a strong breeze coming down in howling gusts from the room at the top of the stairs weakened the scent the higher we climbed .
trees had grown up overnight like blossoming buds in a time - lapse film , their luscious leaves casting shadows over the long grass , where the scent of apples and rotting cider wafted on the early fog , making sweet perfume in the air .
trees had grown up overnight like blossoming buds in a time - lapse film , their luscious leaves casting shadows over the long grass , where the scent of apples and rotting cider wafted on the early fog , making sweet perfume in the air .
the apple trees were gone - the fog and the cool and the scent of the orchard fading with it .
` ` so you ... '' he leaned closer , his hot breath brushing my hair with the scent of mint .
they parted quickly , and i caught the soft scent of jase 's breath from the small laugh i heard .
` ` i ' m not going anywhere ... where ... where ... '' the dry scent of cinnamon and coriander and number of other herbs filled my head , taking out all the volume and the ringing in my ears .
i could smell him , almost taste him - the sweet chocolate mixed with the familiar but very slight scent of the day 's sweat .
i could smell it - the scent of sex and desire , like a cloud of heat in the dying summer air around us .
he rested his weight on top of me , his elbows propping him up , and stroked my hair behind my ear a few times , taking in all of me - taking in my smile , my eyes , my scent , my skin , the wetness , the heat , the breathlessness .
i pushed out from the firmness of his chest , catching the scent of orange chocolate .
that is until i smelled the sweet scent of citrus and cologne beside me .
i leaned back a little to see if he was being sarcastic , but the corner of his lip angled up on one side with a sweet smile , and he closed his eyes again , taking a deeper breath of my scent .
but my favourite thing about this place was that , in the morning , the soft scent of fresh bread , toasted slowly over an open flame , would accompany the rich aroma of italian roast , drawing me gently awake the closer i got .
there was a warm buzz in the air with the sound of life , and under the heat that saturated the room there was a gentle sound of dripping water and a rich soil flavour settling on the scent of newly budding flowers .
the dirt and leaves shifted under me , cushioning my bare bottom , while the rich scent of soil grounded my floating heart .
i ' m jammed between denim and faded t - shirts , so close i can smell the faint citrus smell of body wash and that manly deodorant scent .
i detach myself and take a breath , laced with the scent of lavender and butter .
a customer arrives out in the cafe , so i do n't have time to dwell on josh 's weird mood swing , but it must be the day for it , because everyone who walks through that door all morning seems to have a dour scowl on their face , even with the sweet , sweet scents of cinnamon and sugar wafting through the air .
the scents of butter and vanilla waft through the sunlit room .
hallie breathed in the faint scent of roses and felt utterly content .
she plucked one from the heavy crystal vase , breathing in the scent .
it 's so different from any event i ' ve been to , the sense of history and privilege as thick as the scent of hyacinths in the air .
the club is dark and full of students , the floor sticky underfoot , and the scent of beer and sweat in the air .
then she was gone , in a cloud of avoidance and heavy chanel perfume .
she left the room in her usual swirl of expensive fabrics and perfume , and alice , resigned to at least another six months of checking termination clauses , had no choice but to follow .
alice unscrewed the top and took a cool gulp , wandering to where the french doors were thrown open , filling the kitchen with a gentle breeze and the faint scent of roses .
the drapes were half open , and perfume was thick in the air ; vivienne was draped with one of her velvet shawls , her lips painted a bright red .
after slowly placing her bag on the dresser , alice stepped out onto the dark balcony , inhaling the scent of blossom and an unfamiliar city .
an old flatmate had been strictly intolerant of scent of any kind , and alice still purchased perfume - free moisturizers and gels , remembering her stern lectures about invading other people 's olfactory space .
an old flatmate had been strictly intolerant of scent of any kind , and alice still purchased perfume - free moisturizers and gels , remembering her stern lectures about invading other people 's olfactory space .
the dust settled for a moment on the surface of the bowl and then dissolved , turning the perfume a clear jade hue .
alice inhaled the deep , rich fragrance , and the woman 's sweeping claim was proven right , because in an instant , alice remembered the last time she 'd smelled such a scent , as vivid as if she was reliving the moment as a child again , hovering by her mother 's heavy vanity as she dressed for another night away .
then , finally , came the perfume .
natasha closed her eyes for a moment as she breathed the deep , luxurious scent .
she never smelled her mother wearing that perfume again , but it did n't strike alice until she was older that whatever those wonderful occasions , and whoever the important people were , they did not include her .
that scent was a moment they 'd shared - something she had chosen just right - and just the faint aroma made her feel the way she had in the bedroom that day : teetering on the edge of glamour and adventure and other impossibly adult pursuits .
` ` the perfume ?
it might have been the satin - soft touch of the linens , or the intoxicating breath of perfume , but for some reason , her dreams were shockingly erotic , and when alice woke , possibility was thick in her veins .
spritzing her bare wrists and neck with another light cloud of scent , alice carefully applied her makeup , leaning over the mirror with the windows still wide , and the drapes drawn fully back .
she had never been the most beautiful woman in the room , and by no means was she that night , but it struck alice with a curious certainty that in this dress , this perfume , this reckless impulse of hers , she might just be someone to be reckoned with .
she 'd changed into her flowing sundress , letting her hair dry in messy curls and spritzing on a light cloud of her new perfume .
from the spritz of perfume and those brightly colored silk blouses she now selected for work in the morning , to snatched coffee breaks with her new friend nadia and the riskier matter of her secret maneuverings at work , alice began the strange - yet exhilarating - task of bringing spontaneity , daring , and general hints of irresponsibility to her old , no - longer - so - predictable life .
* * * inside , it was vivid and bright , with clusters of diners crowding in the small room , and the delicious scent of garlic and herbs already making her mouth water .
instead , i meandered through the crowd , enjoying the attention my title and good looks attracted , until the scent of hairspray started to loiter in the back of my throat , and a flash of bleach - blonde hair caught my eye .
the music paused and with that i hoisted her high into the air ; she shrieked and her hands automatically sought my shoulders , forcing me to inhale first the perfume dabbed on her wrists , which i recognized as lyla 's , and second a scent that made my throat burn .
the music paused and with that i hoisted her high into the air ; she shrieked and her hands automatically sought my shoulders , forcing me to inhale first the perfume dabbed on her wrists , which i recognized as lyla 's , and second a scent that made my throat burn .
his mouth met my neck and i heard him inhale my scent .
perhaps it had been her pale skin shining under the glow of the streetlights , much like ours did , as she sat there , stunned when i turned to her , catching her alluring scent as the wind changed direction .
there , a halloween fair was in full swing , the sickly scent of candyfloss scenting the air .
a gentle wind stirred the tethered drapes and i inhaled it gratefully - the room was bitter with the scent of heavy , rich colognes that burnt my throat and the musk of old , ageing wood .
i closed my eyes , shutting off the scene , inhaling the scent of my father 's pale blue shirt .
it smelt like home : of freshly washed clothes and burnt toast and the lavender perfume my mother always wore .
so i pushed my arm into his grasp and he pulled it up to his lips , inhaling the scent of my blood beneath my skin .
they would not notice the pimples on christy 's forehead , or the sunburn across gwen 's collar , but they would notice my fallen eyelash , or the chipped nail polish on my right thumb , or the scent of the cheap perfume i was now using because i had spent the money i had saved up from work in london .
it filled the room with the scent of jasmine , steaming up one corner of the laptop screen .
consciousnesses , even when safe within their mental barriers , have a scent , or a melody ; something that makes them as easily identifiable as if you were directly looking at the person .
chapter twenty - seven autumn i awoke to the scent of my grandmother 's garden at the lodge .
the scent , combined with the cooking , was divine , and i made a point of telling him so .
what it would be like to lean forward and wrap my arms around fallon 's shoulders and inhale his fresh scent without making the front page of the paper .
the floor was moving and i put my feet down carefully until the door to the entrance hall suddenly swung open and i caught the scent of fresh air .
ty raised the full bottle and sloshed the beer around , the scent wafting on the cool night breeze .
closing his eyes , zane inhaled ty 's scent slowly and let himself fall under the sound of his voice .
ty turned his head , breathing in zane 's scent .
he struggled as he breathed in the sickly sweet scent that covered the handkerchief , but he had already inhaled too much of the chloroform , and he sank helplessly to his knees , not able to reach his gun or even strike out at his attacker .
he breathed in the scent of the wet earth beneath him to calm himself and try to force his mind into remembering he was n't in the desert .
ty swallowed hard and closed his eyes , turning his face into zane 's and inhaling his scent deeply .
because there was also a whiff of cinnamon , now that he actually tried to figure out the odd scents that definitely weren '' t ty .
he closed his eyes and let himself just soak in the warmth and the scent of zane '' s body next to his .
then he caught tys familiar scent and the heat of his skin , and the lust that had simmered since the showers that morning started perking toward a boil .
here in baltimore it would be the sweet scent of fried crabcakes .
he turned his face into the pillow and breathed in tys familiar scent .
zane was so warm , and his familiar scent seeped into ty , pushing away all the worries he 'd been harboring .
ty lost himself in the sensations , submerging in the familiar scent of his lover and the absolute joy of being touched and taken like this .
zane sighed against his lips and inhaled ty 's scent , letting it flood through him .
he was close enough to smell zane 's deodorant and the underlying scents of his shampoo and sweat , and combined with the trademark smells of a hotel room , it stirred all sorts of memories and emotions .
cameron woke up a little , though he nestled as close as he could get , inhaling julian 's warm , spicy scent .
the first thing zane did was pull ty to him and kiss him , long and hard , letting ty 's scent and the feel of him wipe away all the tension he 'd built up in the past few days .
the windows were open , letting in the breeze and the scent of rain .
zane could feel weariness encroaching as the breeze and familiar scents seeped into him .
his familiar scent and his comforting presence were wonderful , and ty turned his head to touch his cheek to zane 's .
zane had a hard time keeping his eyes off ty , and the lingering scent of old spice on his clothes and skin helped to combat any urge to drink that cropped up as the night carried on .
ty let his hand caress the brocade wallpaper as he went , the texture and scent bringing back memories that were , for the most part , good ones .
breathing was difficult as he inhaled ty 's familiar scent .
he panted against the skin of ty 's neck , unable to do anything more than inhale his scent .
he breathed in his scent , even though it was n't the one zane usually associated with ty .
the walls were paneled in leather , and the scent of expensive cigars lingered even over the smell of ancient wood inside the passage .
the copper scent was almost overwhelming .
he buried his nose in kelly 's messy hair and closed his eyes , unable to keep them open any longer with kelly 's scent engulfing him and lulling him to sleep .
her hair is freshly dyed a deep shade of copper , and the scent of ammonia clings to her like a toxic cloud .
i lean back as her body molds to mine , warm and soft , and i drink down the sweet scent of her perfume .
i lean back as her body molds to mine , warm and soft , and i drink down the sweet scent of her perfume .
` ` because '' -she gives me a firm squeeze , the scent of her gardenia perfume threatens to choke me out of the vicinity- '' sometimes a sister just knows .
the scent of dirt and pines mingle with the wind , intoxicating , as if it 's casting some primal spell over us , and it makes me feel heady .
i can still see her soft features , her mousy hair always away from her face and the scent of lavender whenever she held me .
i stand and pull laken in close , pretending like i ' m trying to get past her , but , really , i ' m taking in the scent of her hair , letting my fingers dig into her waist a moment .
the sweet scent from her skin infiltrates me , and i start to lose it .
the scent of damp soil fills the air .
instead , i head into the dorm as the thick , cloying scent of every perfume known to womankind collides right here in the entry .
instead , i head into the dorm as the thick , cloying scent of every perfume known to womankind collides right here in the entry .
` ` look '' -she pulls me in , and her honeysuckle perfume wraps around me like a blanket- '' there must be something really special about coop . ''
the smooth scent of the evergreens wafts in with a chilled breeze .
i pull her in and take in the scent from her hair .
the scent of maple oatmeal and bacon lies thick in the air as i pick up a plate and indulge in the glorious buffet that austen house affords .
the cavernous room holds the thick scent of chlorine .
her blonde hair holds the slight scent of bleach as she moves in close , tucking her hip into mine .
her hair holds the scent of vanilla and flowers , a country meadow blinks through my mind like some long forgotten dream that i struggle to remember .
it makes pearl 's scent seem like a floral bouquet on a summer afternoon .
the air holds the scent of pines and unearthed soil as a few restless bodies sprint by , sacrificing sleep for fitness .
inside , the scent of ammonia scours my senses , makes my eyes water from the invisible fumes employed to battle bacteria .
the strong scent of cloves makes him smell more like a ham at easter than the sophisticated douche he thinks he is .
the light scent of his woodsy cologne encircles us , makes me dizzy in a good way .
coop buries his face in my neck and takes in my scent one more time .
his familiar woodsy scent pulsates over me in waves , and he comforts me with his body warm against mine .
the scent of fried tortilla chips fills the air and suddenly a smell i thought i had grown immune to has the power to intoxicate me .
i wrap my arms around laken until she molds into me , and her perfume swims around me in laps .
i ' m terrified being upstairs by myself where it 's opulent and scented with designer perfume , and here she is in a hovel , with the smell of mold thick in the air .
they choke us out with their thick scented perfumes , honey and spice and everything not nice .
her perfume twirls through the air like an acrobat , and it takes everything in me not to replicate that kiss with a real one - with a deeper , more meaningful exchange .
the thick scent of alcohol washes over me as he sloshes out the words .
the scent of vanilla lies thick in the air and reminds me of laken , the sweet smell of her hair .
a trail of perfume bleeds behind her , sweet honeysuckle with a touch of ginger .
it makes me trust her , makes me want to follow her just about anywhere to inhale the familiar scent of a warm spring day on the plains .
i take a seat on the bed as the room blooms with the scent of black tea and crushed juniper .
i can feel the bedding , smell the scent of unsweetened perfume - this is no dream .
i can feel the bedding , smell the scent of unsweetened perfume - this is no dream .
the thick scent of clove cigarettes billows from the corner of the building , making me wonder what kind of supervision ephemeral academy provides if kids are making out in bedrooms and smoking questionable narcotics right here on campus .
i take in the cool , sweet scent of the cloves as if i were smoking them myself - close my eyes and pretend i ' m anywhere but here .
i step deeper into henderson hall and take in the crowd of jostling bodies , the scent of new clothes lays thick in the air like a toxin .
long scarves of expensive perfume mix with warm scented cologne , creating the kind of noxious cloud you would expect walking through the cosmetics department at the mall .
here the clothes hold the strong the scent of a department store as if to testify to their newness , in an entire rainbow of khaki , bland as oatmeal .
it transports us back to the heated plains , to the silence of a summer 's moon , and the scent of jasmine ripe in the air .
i miss miles of golden fields , the small tattered house that holds the scent of refried oil - sweet lacey 's million - dollar smile .
she comes over and wraps her arm over my shoulders , enwreathing me with the clean scent of her perfume .
she comes over and wraps her arm over my shoulders , enwreathing me with the clean scent of her perfume .
the air holds the scent of expensive perfume mixed with maple oatmeal .
the air holds the scent of expensive perfume mixed with maple oatmeal .
his cologne embraces me with the soft scent of musk .
he held the scent of clean linens , the fresh sunshine that dried his shirts .
i do n't remember any night in kansas looking so magical or smelling so alive with the ripe scent of pines - the sweet fragrance of white oak layered just beneath .
the scent of new car lingers in the air .
her silky hair blinds me momentarily as i take in her scent , a sickly sweet honeysuckle that i inhale by the vat full .
the light scent of mint and lemon lingers in the air as if he just hand - buffed the interior .
they perfume the house with their thick fragrance coupled with the scent of burnt toast coming from the kitchen .
i take in the sweet strawberry scent from her hair and pat her small back while trying desperately to ignore the hiccup of pain searing through me .
i start in slow about kansas , how i thought i had another family , my mom , lacey , the flat country , lime green grass as far as the eye can see , round bales of hay that dot the landscape , the ripe scents of farm life that i miss so much .
wes helps me into his range rover that bleeds the scent of its leather seats like a neurotoxin , and we take off down the dusty winding roads of heaven .
the scent from his cologne pulls me in long before he does .
wes pulls me in , intoxicating me with the thick scent of his musky cologne .
her sugary perfume does its best to asphyxiate me , a toxic combination of cotton candy and spring flowers .
the eucalyptus trees release their oils into the night and fragrance the moment with a perfume as thick as frankincense .
the scent of the perfumed detergent that i used , buffered my senses from the smell of wine that flowed so freely from my mother 's room .
i inspect the rows of neat clothes in the closet , run my fingers over the unfamiliar sweaters and jeans , and marvel at how nothing has ever been washed , how the scent of new clothes lingers thick in the air , giving away their secret .
blaine drives us out in his gleaming black suv that 's still clinging for dear life to the new car scent .
wes takes in the scent of my hair at the base of my neck as though he were waiting to hear those words .
i soak in the scent of his cologne , the way his lips feel against mine and save it for my dreams .
he pushes in close , the sharp scent of soap clings to him as if he had just taken a shower .
i take in his clean scent with each hyperventilating breath .
i push into coop , take in his warm scent and taste the sweetness of his skin .
a lit candle sits on the edge of her desk enlivening the dorm with the thick scent of cinnamon .
the scent of honeysuckle clings to her - makes me miss mom who wore a gardenia perfume , thick and smothering .
the scent of honeysuckle clings to her - makes me miss mom who wore a gardenia perfume , thick and smothering .
a thick film of calcium is crystallized beneath each one , white as snow , and the scent of mold lights up my senses .
the air is saturated with the tenuous scent of ozone , damp earth , and bleach rolled into one .
the house is still lit up heavy with the scent of bacon and maple syrup .
coop 's heated breath skims over my cheek with the scent of fresh mint .
i follow coop as the scent of deep fried tortillas gives way to the gentle fragrance of his cologne .
the stench of sour milk spikes through my nostrils - ruins the efforts of the pines as they bleed their rich scent into the night .
his arms wrap tight around me as he takes in the scent of my hair at the neck .
the scent of mint lingers to him .
the air holds the slight scent of old socks and minty toothpaste .
wes helps me into his glossy , brand new suv that cuts into my lungs with its fresh - from - the - factory scent .
the heavenly scent of cinnamon and sugar lights up my senses .
instead , we end up in a department store laden with the thick fragrance of honey - scented perfume .
there 's a palpable buzz in the air , new clothes mingle with the scent of expensive perfume , and it overpowers the senses .
there 's a palpable buzz in the air , new clothes mingle with the scent of expensive perfume , and it overpowers the senses .
the moon bleaches his hair with blue highlights and he holds the scent of aftershave and soap .
he takes in my scent at the neck , dots my face with a spastic spray of kisses .
the warm scent of his cologne wafts over me like an erotic dream .
a light floral scent mixed with morgan 's signature polo permeates the air .
kenny 's clean - scented perfume wraps around me like a smooth pair of arms , and suddenly i want nothing more than to run my lips over every square inch of her body .
` ` i 'll make breakfast , '' he volunteers , and soon the entire place fills with the scent of bacon .
it 's the same scent he 's worn since he was a teenager .
she bounces on her day - glo - pink tennis shoes and the soft scent of baby powder emanates from her .
i press a careful kiss over her cheek and take in the scent of her hair , chamomile and honey .
the sharp scent of fresh brewed coffee infiltrates my sense , and i can feel the weight of this entirely too long school week dripping off my shoulders like a lead coat .
the butter - soft leather gives off that magical scent that only new cars know how to expel , and i relax into it .
kenny holds the scent of vanilla and roses .
the scent of grilled vegetables and steak enlivens my senses , and i spot cruise hovering near the stove while a cloud of steam rises from the pan in front of him .
the scent of chocolate wafts over me and i can feel the cake physically coming toward me .
the scent of his spiced cologne makes me heady as our lips find one another - soft and hot , the slight taste of mint and beer lingers over his tongue .
the air is thick and muggy , already perfumed with the familiar scents of summer : suntan lotion mixing with the evergreens .
her sweet perfume grabs me by the balls and gives a gentle squeeze .
the light scent of musk and soap mingle , creating an intoxicating combination that causes my underwear to disintegrate in the process .
` ` well '' -he steps in close and the sweet scent of his cologne enlivens me , sends my thighs begging for a midnight reprisal- '' it was a great conversation . ''
i take in a deep lungful of night air coated with the scent of pines and honeysuckle .
his hair is still dripping wet from the shower , and he holds a strong soapy scent that makes me want to drag him back to the bedroom .
i give his chest a playful scratch as we take in the sharp scent of the pines .
morgan holds the scent of soap and mouthwash , his high - octane cologne that has the ability to intoxicate me all on its own .
she holds the scent of strawberries , and her neck tastes like cotton candy .
the sweet scent of pines perfumes the air as the heat expels their oils into the air .
her strong , musky perfume envelops me like a cloud - all business , no sweetness , much like lauren herself .
the scent of a freshly mowed lawn swims through the air like the finest perfume , and my hands instinctually want to strangle a bat for the hell of it .
the faint scent of perfume startles my senses .
the faint scent of perfume startles my senses .
ally leans in and i take in the scent from her sweet perfume .
ally leans in and i take in the scent from her sweet perfume .
the willows blow in the thick , humid breeze , and the perfume from the roses fills the air .
i pull tess in and take in the vanilla scent of her hair .
the same perfume my mother wore .
the soft scent of his cologne warms me , and a fresh pang of grief rips through my body like the serrated edge of a blade .
they linger in the air like the crisp scent of jasmine , so sweet and delicious , you could never get enough .
skyla and i walk out front where the cool night air sifts over us , infused with the scent of ripe pines .
skyla holds the scent of the air in springtime , like fresh cut flowers releasing their sweet perfume , and i inhale until my lungs are ready to burst from the effort .
skyla holds the scent of the air in springtime , like fresh cut flowers releasing their sweet perfume , and i inhale until my lungs are ready to burst from the effort .
my senses light up with the scent of sugar and spice and all things delicious as only my mother can make .
it 's refreshing seeing new furniture in the place , the dank scent of the bishop house long forgotten , replaced with the sweet scent of skyla .
we step into barron 's office , bright and clean , the slight scent of vanilla warming the air .
the scent of your beauty , like morning rain , eyes like glass - your smile to heaven stays true .
the scent of turkey lies thick in the air as i head downstairs .
i head over and lie on her bed , taking in the scent from her pillow like the pervert i ' m shaping up to be .
13 logan the battle standard the next morning , i wake to the heavenly scent of bacon .
a fresh whiff of soil and pine perfumes the air - paragon 's signature scent .
a fresh whiff of soil and pine perfumes the air - paragon 's signature scent .
the air lights up with the heavy perfume of the eucalyptus , and for the first time , i wonder if maybe skyla wants this , too - if she wants us and everything those visions laid out like a carnal promise .
a loud pop goes off in the kitchen , and the scent of burnt toast explodes in the air .
the air is heavy with the thick scent of butter and ... perfume ?
the smell of weed lights up the room with its bitter scent .
the sweet scent of her perfume calls me closer , a gentle whisper of vanilla and gardenia , a familiar combination i ca n't quite place at the moment .
the sweet scent of her perfume calls me closer , a gentle whisper of vanilla and gardenia , a familiar combination i ca n't quite place at the moment .
we emerge back on paragon soil , the forest surrounding us with its familiar scents and shadows .
marshall lands his hot mouth over mine , and not one sensation is lost on me , everything is alive , heightened , the scent of his cologne balanced by the natural musk of his skin .
downstairs the scent of burnt toast permeates the air , and the sound of a baby screaming starts my head pounding .
the sweet scent of paragon soil gives a sharp bite to my senses .
the thick scent of sex and booze lights up the air as a full - fledged brothel breaks out around me .
his ebony - colored hair is slicked back , still dewy from the shower , and he holds the scent of soap and minty toothpaste .
the scent of sweat mingles with sickly sweet perfume and beer , and , as gross as that is , i find everything about tonight electrifying , exciting on a primal level .
the scent of sweat mingles with sickly sweet perfume and beer , and , as gross as that is , i find everything about tonight electrifying , exciting on a primal level .
` ` skyla '' -gage leans in close , the thick scent of his cologne ignites an inferno in me without even trying- '' it 's okay if you want to keep it .
the room is perfumed with the scent of our bodies , raw with a tangy sweetness i could never have imagined .
gage holds the scent of a stronger cologne than i ' m used to him wearing , musk with a sharp bite of pine , and i ca n't decide whether or not i like it .
that 's where logan 's scent lingers like a ghost - in those empty flannels - those t - shirts sitting like deflated balloons on hangers .
i bury my face in his chest and take in his heady scent - musk and spiced wood , a hint of lavender .
he inhales , taking in my scent and brushes careful kisses all the way down to my collarbone .
skyla holds the scent of vanilla roses , if there is such a thing .
the gas lab holds the scent of fresh brewed coffee and hot glazed donuts .
the room holds the scent of spring flowers and stale pizza .
she offers another full embrace , and i take in her scent - spring flowers and cotton candy .
skyla is the perfume of heaven .
i take a hard sniff of mia 's perfume - baby powder mixed with lilacs just like my deodorant .
skyla tightens her grip around my waist , the sweet scent of cinnamon wafting up from her hair .
candace growls it out like a threat while her citrus - sweet scent strangles our senses .
her skin gives the sweet smell of perfume mixing with that natural scent of cinnamon her body manufactures , and my dick roars to life like an engine .
her skin gives the sweet smell of perfume mixing with that natural scent of cinnamon her body manufactures , and my dick roars to life like an engine .
the petals give off a strong , lush scent - far better than any damn flower on earth could ever smell .
i inhale deeply , ingraining the scent into my memory .
skyla leans in , scouting for another kiss , but i take my time grazing over her cheek with my mouth the way i sometimes do with an apple , taking in its hypnotic scent before i take that first , lush bite .
he holds the scent of lemons and spice .
the slight scent of blood and fear fills my nostrils , and suddenly it feels as if i were right back in that damn war .
i nod into the idea while taking in his clean scent , memorizing how his rock hard body feels pressed against mine .
* * * the scent of bacon melting into a beautiful deep - fried , artery - clogging promise filters through the house as i make my way downstairs .
gage showers while i lie over his bed , taking in the scent of his pillow , sweet and comforting .
the room warbles , the molecules around us shift and bend until a new scene emerges , a garden , a sunny day , the scent of fresh lemons and spring grass infiltrates our senses .
i take in the warm scent of his cologne and rub his cheek .
i wrap an arm around him and press my face into his t - shirt , inhaling that familiar spiced scent .
a pile of logs sit by the soot - covered fireplace , letting off the scent of fresh cut wood .
the scent of popcorn lies thick in the air , and the hush of the carpet softens my footsteps .
a thicket of bodies rush to and fro as the scent of something sweet lights up the house .
i take in the scent of his woodsy cologne , smooth mint , and cotton .
i follow gage 's sweet scent all the way down the stairs and into a thicket of bodies at least fifty deep .
a wicked wind brewed from the south - foreign and heated , it held the slight scent that i had never bore witness too , it left the aftertaste of sorrow and destruction eroding my palate , and i knew - i knew right then , every word marshall spoke tonight was true .
a pair of warm arms encircle me from behind , followed by the clean scent of gage 's cologne .
it 's cold down here , damp , the scent of fresh popcorn infiltrates the air .
the slight scent of granny smith apples enlivens my senses as i run through the sinister halls .
his cologne greets me with that familiar scent as i bury my lips in his neck a moment .
logan buries his face into my neck and takes in my scent .
the light scent of ozone intoxicates me .
the scent of food mixed with perfume bombards our senses .
it holds his heat , his scent , and radiates his love over me as if it were a phantom version of himself .
gage holds the scent of expensive cologne .
the heavy scent of lavender permeates the air as a fogbank hisses out of an oversized bong .
we hold hands and walk through the open - air mall as the scent of waffle cones pulls us into the ice cream shop .
my face gets buried in her hair , and i take in her warm scent , coconut and flowers .
it smells like heaven , fresh as a spring meadow with the sweet scent of lilacs prominent in the air .
the soft scent of vanilla and gardenia permeates the air with her embrace .
the scent of night jasmine fills the air with its sickly sweet perfume .
the scent of night jasmine fills the air with its sickly sweet perfume .
i pass the blinking lights of the arcade , and take in the scent of stale popcorn while scanning the place for one of my favorite angels .
chloe 's perfume sifts through the fog like an airborne venom .
crimson rose petals float along on the surface , expelling their honeyed scent into the thick , damp air .
a four - poster bed is strewn with petals in a rainbow of citrus hues , perfuming the air with the scent of paradise .
emma lights a candle that holds the scent of bitter weeds , a dark rich odor that i 'll forever hold in connection to logan and his separation from me .
gage wraps his arms tight around me and takes in the scent from my neck .
the toxic marriage of perfume and cologne barrels over me while every moment brings logan and me closer together .
the lights have been replaced with the glow of a thousand candles , and the strong scent of lavender permeates the air , cutting the oxygen right out of the room .
the perfume of heaven breezes around us like a coat made of the most exotic flowers .
i squeeze out and stretch my limbs as the scent of the evergreens mix with the ocean .
the scent of new wood and paint permeates the air .
a gentle breeze picks up , and an all too familiar scent enraptures me - logan 's cologne .
logan and i take off in his truck , and i inhale the scent of his familiar cologne as it mixes with the leather .
* * * my bedroom holds the dregs of my youth like a familiar scent , like a song from long ago that bookmarks an era of my life .
gage holds the scent of a fresh shower , and his kisses taste like peppermint .
the strong scent of body odor lights up the room and the comforter is all rumpled and displaced like it was just heavily used , most likely soiled - by chloe 's disgusting clothing - deficient body .
* * * i take in a sharp breath of air that holds the scent of strong coffee , fresh - baked cookies and cheap perfume .
* * * i take in a sharp breath of air that holds the scent of strong coffee , fresh - baked cookies and cheap perfume .
the heavenly scent of something delicious lights up my senses .
the thick scent of barbeque lingers in the air and i try to ignore the fact my stomach is growling again .
the soft scent of his cologne rides the breeze and eclipses my senses .
i can feel the sand shift beneath my feet as the perfumed air gives way to the dizzying scent of crushed ferns , intermingled with the ripe scent of the jungle .
i can feel the sand shift beneath my feet as the perfumed air gives way to the dizzying scent of crushed ferns , intermingled with the ripe scent of the jungle .
she lands her body over mine , the stench of death clings to her like a strong perfume .
the football player buries his face in laken 's neck , takes in her scent and her face ignites with pleasure .
` ` you do n't look so bad yourself , '' i say before taking in the citrus scent of the flower .
it does have a funny scent .
i take in logan 's clean scent , the fresh trace of dryer sheets perfuming his sweatshirt .
she holds the scent of strawberries and springtime , her bright orange hair hangs almost to her waist .
the familiar scent of his cologne serenades me with its blessings like a song written in the blood of a million yesterdays .
i go over and hug candace messenger 's thin frame , take in the scent from her hair of lilac and roses .
chapter 93 pick pocket the air in the butterfly room is perfumed with a familiar woodsy scent .
his breath actually holds the scent of mouthwash , not pot central at all .
the clean scent of honey and lemons spice the air as a cacophony of explosive grunts , and berated spasms of ecstasy , rocket from a nearby thicket .
` ` we 're here , '' gage shouts as we enter the oliver 's spacious home , which holds the scent of a full - tilt thanksgiving dinner .
he dips into my neck and inhales the scent from my hair .
` ` i 'd much rather perfume the room with the scent of our love . ''
the air is fresh with the heavy scent of moist earth and pine .
the scent from the slaughter is their secret perfume .
the fresh scent of lilacs fills the air , reminiscent of my mother .
he glides past me toward the flames while the scent of damp earth and smoke fills our senses .
it holds the hint of a peculiar scent , something metallic and bitter that i ' ve never been exposed to before .
i wrap my arms around him and inhale his scent .
i miss the perfume of his skin .
the saturday morning of the big graduation party , i trot downstairs to find the house alive with an assortment of unappreciated scents .
` ` have the pretty one and jock strap grown immune to your seductive scent , or are they wrestling it out to see which one will have your hand for the evening ? ''
chapter 14 the menu as i make my way downstairs on this , the cursed morning of demetri 's summer soiree , i ' m pleasantly surprised to find my olfactory senses filled with the familiar scent of deep fried pig flesh , which i mostly associate with brielle 's house next door .
a cool breeze stirs through the vicinity , carrying the distinct scent of gage 's cologne .
i miss the way your perfume lingered in my room hours after you went home .
the bowling alley opens up like an air - conditioned haven , bright and airy , the scent of fresh popcorn thick in the air .
gage bows into me and takes in the scent from my neck with a long draw .
the heady scent of marshmallows roasting is making me delirious .
the heavy scent of smoke and ashes burns through my nostrils .
a familiar scent fills me with an intense rise of pleasure , and i ' m suddenly greedy for air - taking in breaths like water in the desert .
i ask , as the cloying scent of dust and mildew fills the air .
gage pulls me in close , nuzzles his head into my neck and breathes in my scent .
the scent of sulfur fills my nostrils and lines my tongue like oil .
he whips off his t - shirt and helps pull it over me , still warm and holding the scent from his skin .
chapter 45 a stitch in time the oliver 's home holds the heavenly scent of cinnamon and apples , an undeniable feast for the senses .
the scent of crisp morning pines infiltrates our senses .
the scent of the eucalyptus perfumes the air .
a sharp sting initiates over the side of my cheek as i pant and gasp , take in the familiar scents and sounds around me .
sedan , blue , it holds the scent of lemon polish , and the leather seat is slippery as oil .
i jump into his arms and let him twirl me as he takes in my scent , kisses my neck , my cheeks , the spontaneous shower of tears on my face .
i lean over and hug him for a very long time , take in his scent , and feel his body rise and fall with each breath he takes .
his skin holds the sharp scent of soap , his hair still wet from the shower .
the strong scent of rosemary perfumes the air with a fragrant howl as a choir of crickets destroy the silence with its chirping symphony .
the strong scent of rosemary perfumes the air with a fragrant howl as a choir of crickets destroy the silence with its chirping symphony .
mom comes in wafting of expensive perfume , already dressed in a long navy skirt and white ruffled blouse .
i flatten my lips against his and just lay there , listening to the sound of his breathing , taking in his clean scent .
a heavenly scent of exotic blossoms greets us - so sickly sweet is the aroma of their nectar , i swear , there must be calories involved .
misery wafts on the horizon like a bitter perfume .
* * * inside , the bishop home holds the scent of fresh baked cookies .
i press my cheek against the cool of the wood , pick up on the sweet scent of his cologne and ride its intoxicating wave .
he 's either bending the truth and reflecting on the heavenly scent of those burgers grilled atop mount headless during ski week , or he outright has an olfactory defect .
i scoot in close to his thigh , nuzzle against his neck and take in his sweet familiar scent .
it ignites the room with the fresh scent of apples , eliciting a strong memory of when i first entered the haunted hotel in the transfer with marshall .
his sweater is still laced with the indelicate scent .
ellis leads me towards the kitchen as the fresh baked scent of something sweet fills the air .
the air is thinner here , the heavy scent of lavender perfuming the atmosphere .
` ` we 're going to have a lifetime , '' i bring his hand up to my mouth and kiss it , run my lips over the hills and valleys of his knuckles while taking in his clean scent .
it 's dark , and the air is stopped up with the heavy scent of popcorn .
this doppelganger is like gage in every way , right down to his perfect lips , the woodsy scent of his cologne .
he touches his cheek to mine before dipping down to my neck and inhaling my scent .
the cold dank air is dressed with a musty scent that reminds me of the pipes beneath the cabinetry in my bathroom , rife with enough black mold to secure the promise of lung cancer .
it holds a clean scent , the slight hint of cedar , but sadly , it does nothing to remind me of logan at all .
i take in the cinnamon scent of her hairspray , her arms and neck glitter under the lights from the awning .
the pungent scent of fresh mud mixed with the thick bouquet from the forest , ignites my senses .
a strong scarf of perfume ties itself around the room in a rainbow of floral scents , vanilla and grapefruit .
a strong scarf of perfume ties itself around the room in a rainbow of floral scents , vanilla and grapefruit .
logan steps in , backs me into a tree - grazes his face against my cheek , takes in the scent of my neck .
the air is unnaturally crisp and holds the slight scent of apples .
the strong scent of lilacs infiltrates the air .
the heavenly scent of lilacs has been tainted with something far more commonplace- ` ` wakey , wakey , eggs and bacon . ''
the sweet scent of earth penetrates through the rain .
the house is alive with unfamiliar scents - cinnamon , traces of turkey lie thick in the air , a layer of candles burning , the spice of wood from the fire awakens my senses .
* * * the thick scent of eggs and bacon permeates brielle 's house .
the strong scent of jasmine fills my senses as we make our way past the flower garden that borders the property .
i open the casement window and take in the scent of fresh dewy earth .
i bury my face inside his neck and take in his scent as his body warms me .
a crisp breeze knifes through my clothes as the sharp scent of pine fills my senses .
the air is thick with the scent of barbeque as an outdoor grill flame broils an endless stream of burgers - smells like heaven .
i press my face into his chest , feel his warmth , take in his familiar scent and feel safe again .
the sharp scent of soap emits from his skin , his hair is slicked back and dewy , just the way i love it .
i indulge in a stream of wild kisses down the hard ridge of his neck , the supple skin on his chest , pausing to take in his scent , not the manufactured one he covers himself with from a bottle but the one unique to him .
the sharp scent of vinegar and chips swells up around us .
she glows in this murky environment , thrives on the rusted scent of earth as it bleeds up through the rain .
* * * downstairs the air is thick with the scent of bacon , albeit of the processed turkey variety , and eggs .
logan wraps both arms around me , inhaling the scent of my hair from behind .
his skin is still moist , and the sharp scent of soap clings to his skin .
the soft scent of his cologne envelops me as he appears behind me .
her perfume wraps itself around my neck like a noose .
it 's dank inside , gone is the pleasant scent of apples , replaced with the much more rancid and oppressive scent of mildew .
it 's dank inside , gone is the pleasant scent of apples , replaced with the much more rancid and oppressive scent of mildew .
there 's a towel on the floor , and the bed is n't made , but other than that his room is immaculate and holds the scent of his woodsy cologne .
a stack of clean dishes lie on the granite with a dishtowel over them , and the fragile scent of coffee lingers from the reserve left in the pot .
the scent of crushed fern and pine needles is so robust - the fragrance sets off a bitter aftertaste in my mouth .
he does n't say anything - think anything , other than graze over me with his eyes , as he focuses in on the color of my skin , my clean scent .
just breathing the scent of his musky cologne is like letting logan swirl around inside of me .
chapter eighteen give thanks the house is alive with the thick scent of turkey , intermingled with nutmeg and other spices that remain foreign to us the rest of the year .
the sweet scent of mom 's roses dance in the balmy air as the sun warms over my shoulders like a friend i long to know again .
i snuggle into him , taking in his clean soapy scent .
she looks polished and holds the scent of new clothes mixed with expensive perfume that tries too hard .
the thick scent of linseed oil clots up the air .
the soft scent of his musky cologne wraps around me like a memory .
her perfume fills my nostrils .
the air is thick with humidity , and there 's a breeze that wraps us in the perfumed scent of night - blooming jasmine .
i can hear the erratic breathing as our secret perfume lets out its scent through a crack in the window .
i lean my head onto his chest and take in his clean scent , feel the bionic force of his affection .
still here - in my wet dress , the thick scent of nature filling my skull .
the strong scent of soap clings to him and his skin is polished to perfection - definitely shower .
the pines release their oils into the night air creating a dramatic , sweet , woodsy scent that awakens your memory , reminds you of all the things you cherish .
the thick scent of something baking permeates the air .
the strong scent of fresh brewed coffee is thick in the air and i see pastries laid out on a small round table near the back .
the strong scent of garlic offensively clots up the air - once again , mom is abusing the food chain .
the thick scent of perfume and cologne explode in the lobby and it makes me feel lightheaded as we enter a room marked grand ballroom to our left .
the thick scent of perfume and cologne explode in the lobby and it makes me feel lightheaded as we enter a room marked grand ballroom to our left .
the sweet scent of cologne drifts softly from him and the very distinct scent of minty toothpaste escapes his lips .
the sweet scent of cologne drifts softly from him and the very distinct scent of minty toothpaste escapes his lips .
i take in his clean scent as we finish up the tail end of the song .
the smoky scent of barbeque ignites the air with dreams of summertime , it smells so good - the food alone is reason enough to be here .
the inside holds the hypnotic scent of fresh baked bread .
we file out of the car , the fresh damp air hitting me in the face , fragrant with the scent of eucalyptus .
it looks like your average bowling alley with lanes lining the two opposing walls of the colossal structure - thick with the scent of popcorn .
i do n't say anything about the music , just follow the scarf of bree 's perfume into the next room illuminated by the residual light from the main entry .
the night air is perfumed with the thick scent of night blooming jasmine , a scent i remember from back home , and it leaves me feeling nostalgic .
the night air is perfumed with the thick scent of night blooming jasmine , a scent i remember from back home , and it leaves me feeling nostalgic .
the house is heavy with the sweet woodsy scent of bacon .
i ' m already loving how spacious the bowling alley is , and the heavy scent of popcorn that might actually be breeding air born calories .
a warm breeze wafts by , and the strong scent of eucalyptus fills the air .
the scent of laundry softener lights up my senses .
my toes dig into the cool sand below as the heavy smoke filled scent of the bonfire swirls around us .
the scent of new clothes mingling with expensive perfume nauseates me .
the scent of raw , earthy cologne wraps itself around me like new leather gloves until i moan with approval .
she smells like wild flowers , not the expensive perfume i usually choke on - just sweet nature , a breath of fresh air all the way around .
her honeyed perfume lingers in her wake .
ford 's cologne rinses over me , warm and exotic - he holds the scent of wild nights at the beach house , and an entire flood of memories wash over me , take me down and pin me to the ocean floor as i succumb to how beautiful it all seemed at the time .
the slight hint of her perfume clogs up my senses , and my chest bucks with a weak laugh .
i give a dull smile and smell her pillow , strawberries and a hint of perfume just like her hair .
the scent of garlic mixing with tomato sauce makes my stomach turn in a big way , and i want nothing more than to run out the door and suck in vats of fresh air .
she pulls me close , and i take in the sweet scent of her perfume , strawberries mixed with sugar .
she pulls me close , and i take in the sweet scent of her perfume , strawberries mixed with sugar .
her perfume envelops me in a cloud of sweetness .
i fall onto the pillow , and her sweet scent permeates the air .
when claire and i were little , my grandmother would bake the olives , and the house smelled of something sweet and fantastic - a scent that i ' ve yet to encounter again .
i take in the scent of her hair , rosewater and fresh summer days .
you could as easily find ecstasy in the silence as you could in a scream , it could be locked in a beautiful flower , the scent of a fragrant spring morning .
my feet grind into the damp soil as i take in the scent of moist earth and the viral perfume of the evergreens .
my feet grind into the damp soil as i take in the scent of moist earth and the viral perfume of the evergreens .
the sweet scent of night jasmine perfumes the air and makes me heady for a special kiss that only ace waterman can masterfully deliver .
the scent from her perfume hypnotizes me for a moment , grapefruit and vanilla - a perfect combo of sexy and sweet just like reese .
the scent from her perfume hypnotizes me for a moment , grapefruit and vanilla - a perfect combo of sexy and sweet just like reese .
i take in a nice , slow breath , soaking in her sweet scent .
it 's the same perfume she 's worn since she was a teenager .
the light scent of pine lies thick in the air , but it smells more antiseptic than it does anything derived from nature .
the scent of whiskey permeates the air and it becomes clear that pretty much everyone here is wasted .
reese presses her chest to mine , and the sweet scent of sugar expels from her .
you could find it just as easily in the silence as you could anywhere - it could be in the face of a perfect flower , in the scent of a fragrant spring morning .
the smell of campfires burning from around the lake lights up my senses with the scent of smoky apple wood , hot dogs , and something sweet layered just beneath that .
the entire place holds the heavenly scent of lavender and the memory of fresh ocean breezes .
the smoky scent of the grill infiltrates my senses .
i can smell her perfume on the paper .
kennedy 's sweet honeysuckle perfume comforts me .
i bring the envelope to my lips and take in its warm scent as if it were my mother .
he smells good and clean like spices and mint , a slight woodsy scent mingles in the background .
i take in a deep breath as the woodsy scent from the fireplace permeates the air with the pleasant bite of hickory .
he thumps his hand over my thigh and his breath bowls over me with the strong scent of whiskey .
i miss her voice , her hugs - the smell of her perfume .
the strong scent of hard liquor pulls me out of my slumber , and i struggle to get my bearings on reality .
his breath warms my neck with the strong scent of whiskey .
when i was little , i would open that old bottle my mother keeps as a shrine and take in its scent .
holt holds the scent of a country meadow , earthy and raw .
holt sets a pair of matching amber drinks in front of us and the vanilla rich scent permeates my senses .
speaking of attention ... ` ` so '' -i stand and arch my back until my lungs fill with the unfortunate scent of tuna and salmon- '' i ' m headed to the black bear again .
the subtle scent from his cologne is enough to make me swoon , but holt has the face of an angel , or with that slightly peppered scruff he 's sporting - a devil .
i thread my way through the crowd and land outside where the night jasmine lights up the air with its sweet perfume .
she holds the scent of lilacs in springtime .
i park and follow the scarf of her perfume as we head inside , opting to sit at the bar .
his cologne holds the scent of sandalwood and spices from the orient - something richer than the one he wore the first night .
the heavy scent of fajitas permeates the air , and , sure enough , i catch laney carrying a sizzling platter to a nearby table .
i ' m already drunk off his affection - addicted to his deep - throated syrup sweet kisses , the heavenly scent of wild musk his skin naturally gives off .
i step inside the overpriced dress shop , and the scent of spiced tea hits me , thick and suffocating .
izzy holds the scent of honey and lavender .
her warm perfume wraps around me like a bubble , and i want to stay right here in her arms and trash men , but ryder is here .
the bar holds the heady scent of liquor and perfume , an intoxicating combo all on its own .
the bar holds the heady scent of liquor and perfume , an intoxicating combo all on its own .
by the time i get back to the apartment the entire place is lit up with the scent of sugar and spice and , holy shit , everything nice .
the apartment still holds the slight scent of vanilla , and i ' m strongly associating that smell with rox and her creamy - looking skin .
she pulls me by the hand until we 're inside the warmth of the coffee house where the air is thick with the scent of heavenly - roasted beans .
he swoops in for a moment , and the thick scent of his cologne sends a spear of excitement through me .
it feels smooth , slippery , and i bury my face in it for a minute , taking in its strawberry scent .
i pull out what i need , and within three minutes the entire apartment is lit up with the thick scent of bacon grease .
i linger over her neck and take in her scent , butter and sugar , vanilla layered just beneath that .
the glow from the television fills the room with a soft blue haze , and the scent of something fresh baked fills the air .
` ` holy hell , '' i whisper , taking in the heavenly scent .
roxy struts back , the scent of cinnamon and vanilla seep out before her .
the heady scent of musk emanates from him , intoxicating me to the brink of sexual deprivation .
the apartment is lit up with the scent of chocolate .
the thick scent of sugar marrying with butter lights up the room as i bake up a quick batch .
roxy 's skin holds the scent of vanilla and a dusting of powdered sugar .
the scent of onions and peppers permeates the air , and there 's a plume of white smoke coming from the kitchen .
she comes over as the coffee starts to percolate , and the scent of roasted grounds fills the air .
ryder has worn the same scent for as long as i can remember , and it feels safe holding him like this , familiar .
he helps me into his sports car with its fresh from the factory scent , its dashboard lit up like the space station , and we do n't say a word all the way over to capwell towers .
i run my hand over her smooth hair and take in her vanilla scent .
the scent of fresh cut pine and cinnamon infiltrate the air , and the hint of something delicious and far more packed with protein is layered just beneath that - prime rib .
the evergreens spear out like skyscrapers all along the outline of campus , and their sweet perfume infiltrates my senses .
the thick scent of pines perfume the vicinity with the slight after bite of fresh mountain soil .
a pair of arms circle around my waist , followed by the scent of cloying perfume .
a pair of arms circle around my waist , followed by the scent of cloying perfume .
baya looks up and gives a shy smile , her sweet perfume pulls me in , and i ca n't help but get caught up in the moment .
i lean in and inhale her scent while touching down over the top of her head with my cheek .
the scent of fresh cut wood bites through the air , penetrating the thick scent of coffee , and the combination makes me heady .
the scent of fresh cut wood bites through the air , penetrating the thick scent of coffee , and the combination makes me heady .
her sickly sweet perfume clots up the air , dowsing all the oxygen out of the room .
her perfume hangs in the air like a toxic cloud , and my eyes start to water .
her perfume swoops around me like a vanilla whisper .
his breath holds the scent of minty toothpaste .
bryson leans in , and the sweet scent of his cologne intoxicates me .
the scent of night jasmine lights up my senses , and i take a deep breath just to trap the sweet fragrance in my lungs .
` ` t - that has nothing to do with you making me come in so e - early , '' i stuttered , suddenly conscious of just how close adrian was by inhaling the scent of his cologne .
the air was mixed in with adrian 's scent .
i slipped on adrian 's shirt , a vintage - looking the rolling stones tee that fell mid - thigh , and instantly inhaled the scent .
it smelled strongly of adrian 's musky scent , and new leather .
i gulped as i made my way through a blue , metal door and instantly began coughing as copious amount of perfume assaulted my nostrils .
i cringed as the girls around me continued to spray more of the heavy scents .
before the gesture could be made , however , i felt adrian 's familiar arm wrap itself around my waist just as his scent filled my nostrils .
i breathed , tightening my own grip around his torso as i buried my face into the crook of his neck his familiar scent engulfed my senses , and for the first time in a while , i finally felt safe .
she smells like strawberries and cara , her own soft , sweet scent mingling with the berries .
the scent of grilled hamburgers drifts over to me from the vendor next to us , and my stomach growls , reminding me that i ' m hungry .
i ca n't tear my gaze away from his mouth and i take a deep breath , inhaling the musky scent of him .
just the scent of the place energizes me .
i inhale her sweet scent and drag my nose down the slope of her neck before pressing my lips to the soft skin where her neck and shoulder meet .
i grin and inhale deeply , enjoying the musky scent of him , enjoying being pressed against his firm body .
i grin against his chest and nuzzle him , relishing the scent of him , his strength surrounding me .
i wrap my arm around her and kiss her temple , breathing in the clean scent of her .
i take a deep breath enjoying the scent of the pine trees and cold snow .
i bury my face in her neck , breathe in her sweet stacy scent and murmur , ` ` god , i love you too .
i ca n't help but smell his clean scent as he intently looks at the photos , scrutinizing each one while pulling his lower lip through his thumb and forefinger .
i want to hug him from behind and sink my nose into his back , inhale his scent , and kiss him there between his defined shoulder blades .
he finishes programming my name and number into his phone and i close my eyes and inhale his clean scent while he continues to fiddle with his gadget .
his arms fold around my shoulders and he kisses my hair , inhaling my scent .
he uncovers our plates and i breathe the delicious scents in appreciatively .
i bury my face in his neck , wrap my arms around him and hold on , inhaling his sexy scent , planting soft kisses on his cheek .
he has drawn a bath in that huge egg shaped tub of his and the scent of lavender is hanging in the air .
he nibbles gently , and then buries his tongue inside me while inhaling my scent .
as we stand , i wrap my arms around luke and hold him tight , burying my face in his chest and inhaling his sexy luke scent .
i nuzzle his chest and inhale his sexy luke scent .
i hug him around his middle and breathe in his scent .
my skin is still sensitive from my romp in nate 's bed , and his scent clings to me , all clean and musky and sexy , and i ca n't help but regret leaving just a little .
i lean farther and bury my nose in his neck and inhale the musky , clean scent of him , and against my better career - woman judgment , i cave .
i bury my nose in the soft blooms , inhaling their sweet scent and grin .
he pulls me against him , wraps his arms around me and i bury my face in his neck , breathing in his clean , sexy scent .
i wrap my arms around his neck and kiss his cheek and breathe in his clean , nate scent .
her sweet , light scent is all around me .
her light , exotic scent surrounds me , intoxicates me .
i chuckle and bury my nose in her hair , keeping the scent of her close .
he smiles widely , his amazing dimples creasing in his cheeks and i kiss his cheek , inhaling his musky , male scent .
i guide her back onto the bed and follow her , bury my face in her neck and breathe in her fresh , clean scent .
i press my lips and nose to her hair and inhale deeply , letting her sweet scent of vanilla and lavender fill my head and soothe me .
the fresh scent of lilacs fills the air .
his nose pressed to my ear , the clean , masculine scent of him surrounding me , has me turned inside out , and frankly , i ca n't deal with it .
i turn her back to me and tuck her against me , bury my face in her soft dark hair and inhale the warm scent of vanilla .
he kisses my cheek , not a quick peck , but plants his lips on my skin and inhales deeply , as if he 's pulling my scent inside him , memorizing me .
i have no idea how much time passes as i listen to his even breaths , comb my fingers through his soft hair and take in every scent , every inch of his face and body , memorizing him .
my hands are full of lush woman as her scent floats around me , and my nerves settle some .
his warmth , his strength , his scent surrounds me , and i have to pull away before i do something really embarrassing , like jump him .
i can smell his body wash and that scent that 's simply dominic , and my whole body tightens .
i take a deep breath , inhaling the musky scent of her , and kiss her long and deep , dragging my tongue through her folds and plucking her lips with mine , until she 's about to fall off the bathroom vanity .
i hold on for a moment , soaking in his warmth , his calm , his musky scent , before backing away and giving him a bright smile .
i have to take another deep breath , inhaling in the sweet scent of her , feel her against me , warm and strong and whole , to calm myself .
i grip onto his strong back and go along for the ride , enjoying his lips on mine , his body covering me , his manly scent flowing around me .
i rub the petals against my nose and breathe the sweet scent in as he turns and runs me a bath , lights candles , and then turns his attention back to me .
she was close , not unseemly close but close enough so that she filled his vision , so he could feel the warmth from her body , so that he could smell her subtle perfume .
he could smell her perfume but the bottle was gone .
she 'd also smelled the scent of their skin and hair .
he lowered his mouth to her and she was just as sweet as her scent promised .
his fingers found his chain and trailed along it and he pulled in a breath , taking in the gorgeous scent of her hair , the beautiful scent of them mingled between her legs and the scent of ... his body froze and his head , at the same time as sonia 's , twisted to look at the man standing in the door .
his fingers found his chain and trailed along it and he pulled in a breath , taking in the gorgeous scent of her hair , the beautiful scent of them mingled between her legs and the scent of ... his body froze and his head , at the same time as sonia 's , twisted to look at the man standing in the door .
his fingers found his chain and trailed along it and he pulled in a breath , taking in the gorgeous scent of her hair , the beautiful scent of them mingled between her legs and the scent of ... his body froze and his head , at the same time as sonia 's , twisted to look at the man standing in the door .
once he 'd even heard and felt her taking in the scent of his hair .
mostly in his lap , liking her near , liking her scent .
he took in breath through his nose , her scent , already surrounding him , intensifying and his body relaxed at the smell and her uttering the fact that they had guests .
chapter seventeen betrayal walking down the hall toward the kitchen , callum heard the three women 's voices filled with laughter just as he smelled the three distinct scents .
gazing at the female , her eyes as alive as was her expression like she could n't hide her love of life nor did she want to , not to mention smelling her exquisite scent , callum realized immediately lucien 's fate had also led him to the perfect match .
sonia in his lap , her body against his , her scent all around .
so she forced her body to relax and she listened to his deep breathing , smelled his heady scent and wished she could go back to a time when she could , at least , pretend this was real .
she also heard something else and smelled it too , the scent familiar and her heart started beating hard as she turned and trained her eyes on the door .
therefore , sonia arlington - mcdonagh beamed as the horns and strings played a masterpiece accompanied by a hundred voices , the air was filled with the scent of lilies and roses , thousands of wolves stood , their eyes watching her progress , their faces wreathed in smiles and she , a queen , walked to the mate the benevolent hand of fate had given her , a man she 'd dreamed of most of her life , her handsome wolf , a king .
he bent deeper , taking in her scent , his eyes moving over her still flushed skin , registering she looked peaceful and hating it .
he closed his eyes , pulled in her scent one last time then bent close and touched his mouth to hers .
he could smell her scent from outside and that scent , her scent , all that was left of his sonia , he could n't bear it .
now , with her scent that lingered in the room and his wedding band held in her lifeless hand , it was the only thing he had of her that held any importance .
he stared at her , feeling her under him , her sex surrounding him , wet and silky , her scent , part sonia , part wolf , filling his nostrils , her eyes , now green with spikes of brown in them , warm and tender and it hit him .
it mingled with her scent .
his arm tensed along her waist as he shoved his face into her neck , smelling her skin , her hair , the perfume that she did n't need , hearing the blood sing warm and moist through her veins .
doing it with his hand between her legs , her soft body pinned under the weight of his , enveloped in the smell that was all her mingled with the scent of her sex in a heightened state of arousal , was nirvana .
he threw his head back and laughed , barely controlling the urge to bury his face in her throat to get closer to her scent , her pulse , her .
he brought it to his nose and inhaled its scent .
surreptitiously people were watching us , listening to us , probably , as some of them were vampires , hearing our words , smelling my perfume mingled with his woodsy cologne .
your natural scent mixed with the scent of your sex is overpowering . ''
each time she 'd enticed him , long , dark blonde hair , blue eyes , curvy body , alluring scent .
lucien wended his way through the bodies on the floor , feeling her behind him , smelling her scent which was no here near as delicious as leah 's .
he walked with a mortal 's slowness , taking the time to savor her scent .
he held her close , his face in the hair at the back of her head , listening to her racing heart as it settled and breathing her scent , letting it consume his senses .
` ` you did that to me and i can smell her perfume on your skin . ''
why i had that reaction to him feeding on someone else , to smelling her perfume , i did n't know .
he watched close up as her eyes grew round , her scent enveloping him , her delicious fear coating his throat .
he allowed this and carried on , her movements , the feel of her , wet and silken , and her scent making his c**k grow hard and start aching .
all he could smell was the overpowering scent of her excitement .
sure , lying in benny 's bed in benny 's house , which had the unusual but unbelievably appealing scent of his spicy aftershave mixed with pizza dough clinging to the air , was a thrill i wished i did not have .
he pulled me his way so my front was tucked to his side and i was watching from close as he stirred the sauce , the sweet , spicy scent enveloping me .
i turned my head and drew in his scent before i brushed my lips against his neck and whispered , ` ` i ' m feelin ' good , baby . ''
i took them to the bathroom , put them on , accessorized , re - sprayed my hair , and spritzed with perfume .
he smelled her hair , her perfume , and felt the side of her tit press against his arm as she got close and peered at angela .
and even several feet away , he could smell hints of her perfume .
he could smell her unusual perfume , hints of musk , lesser hints of floral , vaguely outdoorsy but undeniably feminine and he listened to her quiet weeping as he felt her body move against his , bucking uncontrollably with her tears .
close enough to smell something , her perfume or shampoo .
her skin was soft , her hair and perfume smelled good and mike liked that tanner had that .
he noted instantly her usual musky , floral , outdoorsy scent was deeper than normal and he noted this as she wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed close .
lebrec was swallowed up in a sea of cowboys and cowgirls as mike smelled dusty 's perfume close then felt her body closer .
he might eventually roll them into him but he never stayed buried , kissed , savored the feel of the woman 's limbs rounding him , the smell of her perfume in his nostrils , the taste of her on his tongue , the feel of her wrapped around his dick .
like always when he had his girl in the curve of his arm , fin thought she was the perfect height and that he really liked her perfume .
then , f**k him , he could f**king swear he felt that heavy , soft fall of hair slide along his cheek , his temple and he smelled her perfume , expensive , elusive then he felt her lips brush his .
by the time he forced his eyes back open , her lips were gone , her hand was gone but the scent of her perfume remained .
by the time he forced his eyes back open , her lips were gone , her hand was gone but the scent of her perfume remained .
after days slid into weeks and she did n't show , he 'd actually tried to convince himself he 'd been hallucinating , especially after seeing that look , smelling her perfume so close , feeling the touch of her hand , her hair , her lips .
she was close , close enough for him to smell her perfume .
* * * * * dave merrick opened his front door and layne , jasper and tripp were assaulted with a scent that could only be what heaven smelled like .
then his head came up and he tried to ignore her soft body pressed to him , her tits crushed against him , the scent of her perfume and the fact that the vibe in the room had electrified .
then his head came up and he tried to ignore her soft body pressed to him , her tits crushed against him , the scent of her perfume and the fact that the vibe in the room had electrified .
that was all she left , except the vague scent of her perfume in his bedroom and his tee folded on the bed she 'd made , a tee which held a not - so - vague hint of her perfume .
that was all she left , except the vague scent of her perfume in his bedroom and his tee folded on the bed she 'd made , a tee which held a not - so - vague hint of her perfume .
he went straight to the door , opened it , barely looking at her but the storm door was already opening and he smelled her perfume .
she got close and even her perfume was stronger .
her perfume assaulted him again as she walked through .
however , as they drove , the scent of her perfume filled his cab and the sight of her legs filled his vision .
however , as they drove , the scent of her perfume filled his cab and the sight of her legs filled his vision .
his fingers tensed on her neck and his eyes dropped to her raspberry lips and , his hand on her skin , her hand on his chest , she was so close he could smell her perfume , layne had the sudden urge to discover if she tasted like raspberries .
too hungry , the taste of her , the smell of her perfume , her body pressed against his felt f**king great .
layne had n't changed the sheets rocky had slept in for over a week because it took that long for him not to smell her perfume .
he could smell a hint of her perfume .
he dropped the pillows and drew in breath through his nose , smelling the indistinct scent her perfume .
he dropped the pillows and drew in breath through his nose , smelling the indistinct scent her perfume .
he asked when they were out of the complex , on the road and she seemed intent on unwrapping the sandwich , a sandwich that , as she unwrapped it , subsequently filled the cab with a mouth - watering scent of fresh roast beef .
i spritzed with perfume and turned to the bedroom door .
she was so close he could smell her hair , a hint of her perfume , could feel her knees brushing his legs .
* * * * * after i had a shower , i spritzed with my perfume , put on light makeup , my lucky jeans and a blouse i always liked .
i did n't let her go and shoved my face in her neck , smelling her perfume , the same scent she wore since forever , and the tears spilled over .
i did n't let her go and shoved my face in her neck , smelling her perfume , the same scent she wore since forever , and the tears spilled over .
then i inhaled its scent and i memorized it even though i already had it memorized .
she did n't touch him but she got close enough he could smell her perfume and her hair .
his hand tightened on her arm and he brought her closer to his body , close enough to smell that perfume again and in a moment of lunatic honesty he had to admit he liked it .
she went still for a moment that seemed to stretch for a long time and she stared up at him and all he could see were her eyes , her hair and all he could smell was her perfume and his hand automatically tightened further on her arm .
i stopped laughing and smelled joe 's hair on the pillow , his scent all around me and the bright sun shone down on our bed through the many windows .
i was spritzing with perfume when colt 's hands hit my waist , slid in , crossed paths , and went up , one palming my breast , the other one wrapping around my side , his fingertips trailing along the bra line under my armpit .
everything left it and all i had was the scent of ocean in my nostrils , norah in my ears , my mat under me and my muscles releasing .
but i went there , opening the door and feeling her loss burn through me just like it was fresh when i saw all that was her all around , smelled her perfume .
before leaving , i 'd simply refreshed my makeup and perfume , pulled on a well - tailored black italian leather jacket , and made my way to the address on the phone listing .
again , he smelled very nice , his scent assaulting my senses in a way that was far from unpleasant .
when it left him , he tasted the skin of her neck , smelled the remnants of her perfume , the scent of her hair , liking all that but not as much as her pu**y undulating against his c**k in her own aftermath .
when it left him , he tasted the skin of her neck , smelled the remnants of her perfume , the scent of her hair , liking all that but not as much as her pu**y undulating against his c**k in her own aftermath .
i pulled my hair back from my face with a pink satin ribbon , tied the long , matching knit belt so it hung low on my hips , touched some perfume behind my ears and at my wrists and headed to the kitchen to make penelope a late breakfast and her momma some brunch .
and also there was the smell of incense , the scent of musk and bergamot .
i was n't fond of the scent of gardenia ( it was pretty enough , but too strong ) but i did n't share this either as a meal was silently served ( the first i did not have with tor in ages , nevertheless , it was scrumptious , with rich sauces and lean cuts of meat , and i was amazed they threw it together on such short notice ) , a scented bath was drawn and delicate underwear and nightclothes were laid out for me .
so there i stood , brushing my hair with the silver - handled brush cora had left behind , the scent of gardenia in my nose , the lamps and candles flickering behind me in tor 's bedroom ( which was awesome too , decorated in royal blue , silver , black and charcoal gray , it had a mammoth , curtained four - poster sitting smack in the middle of the colossal room , handsome dark - wood furniture , comfortable looking , plush sofas and chairs scattered around , gleaming ivory marbled floors that were made less cold by thick , intricately woven rugs littering them and warm blue - painted walls ) and i stared at the view .
then i perused the bottles on the dressing table ( mostly scent , not all gardenia , a vast selection , so i picked something musky yet floral ) but there was some powder , blusher and even kohl pencils .
i dabbed on scent , decided against attempting makeup and started dressing .
` ` and , um , my husband does n't like that gardenia scent . ''
` ` he does n't like her gardenia so now she 's wearing one of his other women 's scents that we left in her room , '' one whispered loudly and then joined in with her mate 's giggles .
one of his other women 's scents .
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
i did n't notice salem slow to a halt under us because tor 's arms were around me , his mouth was on mine , his sandalwood scent filled my nostrils and his strength surrounded me .
i loved his scent in my nostrils .
drifting his fingers through the silken weight , he smelled the citrus of her hair , the lavender scent of her skin , both mixed with the aroma of sweat and sex .
apollo wrapped his arms around her , pulled her close and took in her scent , which was far from unpleasant .
she passed him without glancing at him and as she did , he unfortunately got a whiff of her strong perfume .
her perfume , he noted , was complicated and sophisticated , musky , yet vaguely floral .
he was close enough to smell her perfume again and close enough to see there was a slight peach sheen to the gloss on her lips .
the minute their lips touched hers relaxed under his , her scent filled his nostrils in an overwhelmingly intoxicating way and her body melted into his , bestowing on him a goodly amount of her weight as if she 'd lost the ability to stand on her own two feet .
not touch his tongue briefly to hers but kiss her so hard , so long and so thoroughly he could smell her sex mingled with her perfume .
and if you told abigail butler that she would turn and curl her arms around cash fraser 's pillow , tucking it to her body and smelling his cologne combined with the scent that was all him , and she 'd fall promptly to sleep after her latest drama , she would have laughed in your face .
furthermore , she liked candles and knew the scent would soothe her .
and when he knew he could still reach her , his mouth broke from hers , slid down to her neck and cash breathed in her perfume .
moments later , with the smell of abby 's musky , floral perfume in his nostrils , the feel of her against his side , cash stepped through the enormous door and over the threshold of penmort for the first time its owner , not only by birthright , but as the victor of a bloodless battle .
on that thought , he buried his face in her hair and fitted his body to the length of hers , breathing in the scent of her .
she closed her eyes tighter and cash 's scent came to her from his pillow as it did every morning she curled into it after he left her .
it was n't just his cologne , it was the scent of his hair , his skin , him .
she simply remained curled around ben 's pillow , eyes closed , mind blank , breathing in the scent of him .
then she 'd sit in the corner of the closet amongst her shoes , his shoes and other detritus that she always promised herself she 'd organise , the tangled evidence of their lives together , and she 'd breathe in his scent .
he held her until everything about her enveloped him , her scent , her feel , her touch , her warmth , the sound of her breathing .
they would , cash thought before his mind cleared of everything but abby , her perfume , her soft body under his , her hands on him , talk later .
no response for a moment , then he asked , his deep voice sounding strangely lower , more throaty , ` ` your perfume , what is it ? ''
and he had wanted to touch her in the bentley when they were driving to the gallery and all he could smell was her perfume and all he could see were her endless legs .
he 'd wanted to kiss her in the car when she had so obviously enjoyed the night out with charlie , her cheeks flushed , her voice happy and he was surrounded with her captivating scent and knew exactly how her legs and ass looked in that unbelievable dress .
all he could do was feel her , taste her and smell the exotic scent which defined her - delicious , tangy , soft , wet and gorgeous .
there was a reason she wanted you here , you and your delectable body and your enticing perfume and your legs that go on forever . ''
then to him sitting in the bentley and talking about her perfume .
instead she put on the expensive french perfume her mother bought her every christmas .
his body immediately responded , beginning to tense , his hands on the soft material of her dress itching for more of her , the smell of her scent ( she 'd worn the one he preferred that day ) surrounding him .
both the feel of her and her scent made his body begin to tighten in an intensely pleasant way so that , when he spoke , his voice deepened , became hungry , as he , again , made his intentions clear but this time , he made them clearer .
he discovered last night she wore the scent between her br**sts as well .
it smelled of her perfume and he decided he liked that .
an extraordinary scent that she fell in love with when she smelled it and it was presented in an exquisite bottle with the head of a horse carved intricately in the front .
this need was so consuming , it blurred his vision , it wiped his thoughts , all that existed in the universe was her scent , her hand holding his and the sound of her voice saying those words that still hung in the air .
she only had time to pull a brush through her hair and spray herself with a perfume of her own styling scented with bergamot , musk and lilies of the valley .
she could also smell his cologne ( a nice woodsy , musky scent , she noted with professional detachment , with hints of cedar ) .
she spent a great deal of time in her summer house , concocting lotions , shampoos , and experimenting with the varying , complicated scents that made her spa treatments so popular .
with that strange remark , he could smell her breath , which was minty , and her scent , which was now gardenias and vanilla , and both took considerable toll on his fast flagging control .
she 'd chosen a scent of peony with a hint of grapefruit and put in the dangled amethyst earrings one of her ex - boyfriend 's had given her .
she did taste as fantastic as she felt and smelled ( tonight , she smelled of fruit and flowers and it was a thoroughly intoxicating scent ) .
she wrote the scent of the salts on the jar in her handwriting ( a personal touch ) this batch was ylang ylang and lavender .
then sibyl smelled it , a woodsy scent liberally spiked with cedar .
she smelled of something he could not name , a complex flowery scent that was both delicate and alluring .
` ` you smell divine , is your perfume one of your creations ? ''
then he buried his face in her neck and smelled the same scent of lilies he 'd smelled when he first admitted he wanted her that morning in lacybourne .
one was in the sitting room , currently burning a calming scent of lavender , one was in the bedroom and two were in the wardrobe for use by the next guests , a small present for prentice that he probably would n't notice and did n't have to enjoy himself .
her scent was extraordinary and it was strong .
it was n't her perfume which was enticing but it was also delicate .
the scent relaxes me .
he gathered it in a fist and used it to push her head down and twist it to the side so he could bend his neck and smell that scent at her nape .
then one day she was walking along the stream and trying to figure out the different scents of the trees ( because what the bloody else was there to do ? )
then in a flurry of movement , she exited the bed and ran around the room , pulling on underwear ( which was , he noted , rolling to his side and watching her , just as sexy as her nighties ) , then spritzing with perfume , then yanking on a t - shirt .
the door to her rooms was open , the scent of lavender drifting out , elle had changed into yoga gear and was in a yoga pose .
the lavender scent was again permeating the air .
mikey snatched up the candle and smelled it , exclaiming loudly enough for the departing hattie to hear , ` ` oo , meadow , my favorite scent !
he brushed his lips against her cheek at the same time he smelled her subtle , complex perfume .
the puppy sniffed , squirmed and finally licked belle 's face and belle nuzzled the writhing little one to her neck , that unmistakable puppy scent enveloping her senses .
but the musty scent , the many books ( which everyone knew equalled ` ` relax and stay awhile '' ) , the worn leather couches and comfortable armchairs with ottomans made it welcoming .
he could still smell hints of her appealing perfume that she 'd sprayed on the morning before .
he smelled her perfume , his gut lurched and his heart squeezed .
subtle perfume , no jewelry because , in the heat of the moment , who wanted to waste time taking off jewelry ?
i pul ed my hair back in a ponytail , spritzed with my fanciest perfume , did n't bother with makeup because there was no time and headed out of my room .
i put some big , gold hoops at my ears , some clackety , thick , carved - wood bracelets on my wrists , spritzed with my swish perfume and tore out of the bedroom .
hair back in a ponytail , minimum makeup , spritz of fancy perfume and ready to rol .
in one corner , there was a four foot tal wrought iron candle holder with six , thick , green candles in the top , al lit and giving out the scent of bay .
i want your scent on my sheets . ''
and spritzed with my expensive perfume .
mom had stocked me with comb , hair products , travel - sized face stuff , loose powder , mascara , blusher , deodorant and perfume , most of which was probably hers because mine was scattered to the four corners ( read : at luke 's and at roxie 's ) .
there were glass - topped and sided display cases along the front and down one ful side of the store chock ful of bongs of every shape , size and color , one - hitters also of every shape , size and color , zippo lighters , bumper and other stickers , incense of every scent known to man as wel as a variety of incense burners , candles and an assortment of other head shop paraphernalia .
chloe approached and i smel ed her perfume , it was a sophisticated floral scent that was like smel ing heaven .
chloe approached and i smel ed her perfume , it was a sophisticated floral scent that was like smel ing heaven .
but when she 'd put her hands on him , pressed her body into his and he could smell her expensive perfume close up for the first time instead of the hints of it he caught when she drifted by him , he lost control and could n't stop himself from accepting her invitation .
elegant , gray , patent leather pumps with a spike heel and black toe , a couple of scent - refreshing sprays of my signature perfume , a quick shake of my fingers coated in my favorite pommade ( to define and separate the curls and waves ) through my otherwise unencumbered hair and my black trench coat completed my ensemble .
elegant , gray , patent leather pumps with a spike heel and black toe , a couple of scent - refreshing sprays of my signature perfume , a quick shake of my fingers coated in my favorite pommade ( to define and separate the curls and waves ) through my otherwise unencumbered hair and my black trench coat completed my ensemble .
and if i did n't like your hands in my hair holding my mouth to you , the smell of your f**kin ' perfume when i ' m buried inside you and the way you lose that tight - as - shit control over every f**kin ' move you make when you get excited and you use your nails and teeth on me , i 'd give up , because , mamita , you are one serious pain in the ass . ''
he took in the scent of her expensive perfume , knowing and liking the fact that it was on his sheets .
he took in the scent of her expensive perfume , knowing and liking the fact that it was on his sheets .
` ` you came up behind me , i smelled your perfume .
my mother 's perfume , white shoulders .
i held the puppy to my chest , walking into the living room , nuzzling her soft face and puppy floppy ears with my nose , smelling the sweet puppy scent as she licked me all over .
* * * * * in ren 's bathroom , i spritzed with perfume , set it aside and looked at myself in the mirror .
not the type of girl that makes you want to cough and wheeze because there 's so much perfume .
colin slowly inhaled her scent and reached to tilt her chin toward his mouth .
her perfume was so strong , he fought the urge to hold his breath and look away .
the same scent her personal stationery carried .
its lilac scent permeated his senses .
he could n't inhale without her scent invading his senses .
her scent again invaded his senses , causing his body to tense with want .
he leaned in closer , taking in her alluring scent .
he smiled ; his senses tingled with her scent .
ambrose pulled her closer than usual , relishing the feel of her satin gown on his gloved hands , closing his eyes as if to memorize the scent of her skin and the way her body curved in his outstretched hand .
and what kind of perfume did she wear ?
christian normally despised perfume , thinking it too fluffy , but hers was spicy and seductive .
he suddenly realized the error of his ways when the scent of musky perfume floated through the car .
he suddenly realized the error of his ways when the scent of musky perfume floated through the car .
the perfume was toxic to his body , making him think thoughts he should n't be entertaining .
it had reminded me of her sweet scent , and after a few drinks , i 'd been done for .
i scooted closer , inhaling his scent , allowing his wine - loving presence to wash over me , and then in an instant , jace jerked away from me and glared at grandma .
i was more upset over the fact that i could smell her damn perfume , and it was choking the bachelor out of me .
and for thirty - two minutes , i 'd done nothing but stare at beth 's mouth , watched her hands as she gripped her silverware , and closed my eyes when the breeze carried her scent into my personal space .
if watching her mouth move was paying attention , and memorizing her scent was my pop quiz .
grandma 's scent enveloped me , followed by her arms .
i leaned forward , you know to hear her better , it had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that i was trying to smell her perfume , or kiss her , or you know , touch her face .
he 'd love nothing more than to come home and have your scent all over his sheets . ''
the way her scent , her soft moans destroyed my body , wrecked me from the deepest part of me , was nothing short of life - altering .
i closed my eyes and breathed in his scent .
it meant that , when she entered the room , i had to ignore the fact that her perfume practically choked me into submission .
i lifted the clothes to my nose to make sure they did n't smell like some other chick 's perfume , only to get caught by a throat clearing .
i closed my eyes in ecstasy as his hot mouth devoured , infusing his touch and scent into my memory .
a whiff of perfume hit me square in the face , shaking off any sort of lust i had going for me .
it was the same perfume .
my brain chose that moment to remind me of the perfume i smelled earlier that morning on the barista .
it was as if the scent had a life of its own , swirling around my mind , consuming every part of me until it was n't separate , but part of my soul .
the perfume this morning , the phone call from lisa , the girl in the piano room ... shit .
she leaned in so close i could smell the vanilla perfume she wore .
i 'd sneak her into the bathroom , she 'd line up the coke for me to snort , we 'd get high , we 'd drink , i 'd take advantage of her , she 'd smell like cheap perfume .
the number of hours i spent torturing myself with memories of her laugh , her scent , the way she 'd always seemed to make me feel like i could do anything in the world .
which was really saying something , considering i was already starting to respond to the scent of honey and the way her warmth enveloped me .
bad enough that the music was adding to her intoxicating scent .
when i opened my mouth , everything about saylor became my identity as her scent and warmth swallowed me whole .
finally , he closed his eyes , and greedily inhaled her scent .
when i exhale , it is as if her scent steals all my reasons for being who i am - directly from my soul .
if anything , her legs tightened around him , her arms snaked around his neck , giving him a whiff of her lavender perfume .
good god , he was going to have to drown himself in whiskey to exorcise the feel of her legs around him and the scent associated with it .
the acrid fragrance of pine mingled with the musky scent of sweat .
closing his eyes he breathed in the scent of her skin .
gwen breathed in the scent of his breath , a mixture of port and smoke , so alluring she almost closed her eyes .
his scent , his touch , everything about him was overwhelming her good sense .
her soft body smelled of lavender , and he found himself more than once breathing in the scent of her hair as he held her close to his body .
isabelle inhaled the salty scent of the water .
and oddly enough , after spending time in her company , he found he quite enjoyed himself , at least enough to want to see her smile , to hear her quick intake of breath when he was close , to smell the scent of lavender floating off her skin .
he wanted to possess her , to ravish her , but most of all , and he would never admit it aloud , he wanted to just touch her , breathe next to her in hopes that her air would mingle with his and he could savor her scent , taste her skin ... ` ` and then i shall smite thee with my fist ! ''
the alluring scent failed to alleviate the nerves he felt at the task at hand .
closing her eyes , rosalind leaned back and inhaled the scent .
as the butler opened the door , her senses were overwhelmed with the familiar smell of dusty books , from her father 's expansive library and the overwhelming scent of beeswax .
his breath fanned across her lips as he leaned down and merely breathed in her scent .
in an effort to make his mood worse , he stumbled to the room where rosalind had been staying and laid across the bed , taking in her scent .
pure contentment caused his muscles to relax as he breathed in her scent .
he leaned closer until i could smell the warm swirling scent of honey and whiskey on his breath .
i reached across the bed and grabbed tex 's pillow , holding it close to my chest , inhaling his scent like he was my drug .
the scent of cigarettes hit my nose as i pulled open the door to the establishment .
by the time the scents of dinner started floating through the house i was ready to lock the door to my room and stay there .
i would n't be able to smell her vanilla perfume or look into her crazy deep blue eyes .
i damn near whimpered as the vanilla scent floated out the open window and landed on my body , threatening to overtake all logic .
mo charged after me , her scent wrapped around my head making me fuzzy .
her vanilla perfume hit me full force with that simple movement .
not because i ' m jealous , not because i ' m a jackass who gets off by showing my manhood as much as possible ... '' i released her arm and kissed her nose and inhaled her scent , ` ` ... because let 's be honest , i do n't need to show off when i ' m sure as shit that i 'll win . ''
luca 's familiar cigar - infused scent permeated the air around us , meaning he 'd finally caught up .
` ` bee - stung lips , high cheekbones , perfect skin that feels like velvet , scents of vanilla here , '' he tapped my ear , ` ` and here . ''
i sloppily fell against him , breathing in the scent of his clothes .
i knew she was following the food because the minute the smell of pasta dissipated , the smell of her apple perfume filled the air .
she would run inside to find mom there , smiling and steady and smelling of her perfume , dad 's arms around her waist as he hugged her from behind .
but it did n't smell like mom any longer , not even her perfume .
the tallow scent deepened into the smell of smoldering flesh .
mateo opened his lips , kissed her deeper , breathed in the scent of her skin .
good - bye , internet ; good - bye , blue skies ; good - bye , burger king chicken sandwiches ; good - bye , loving parents ; good - bye , celtics games ; good - bye , joy and laughter and verlaine 's smile- the scent of woodsmoke around him grew stronger .
he buried his face in the curve of her neck and the curtain of her black hair , just to breathe in her scent .
so many days , i ' ve awoken to the sound of my parents and sister laughing in the kitchen , and maybe their research assistants , too , voices floating to me along with the scent of blueberry waffles .
i breathe in the scent of his skin as i wrap my fingers around his forearms , guiding him gently , gently down .
the smell of old paper and leather mingled with the rumor of noah 's scent .
i breathed him in , the scent of his skin mingling with my shampoo .
i breathed in the scent of him as he leaned in and kissed the hollow under my ear .
the sharp smell of smoke filled the air , mingling with the scent of sandalwood in the carriage .
the taste of spices coated my tongue , and my nostrils filled with the scent of wet earth .
she took another step , close enough now for me to catch her scent , earthy and intense .
i was flooded with sounds and scents ; artificial butter and giggles .
i absorbed every scent - mud and brine , spice and musk - and my eyes drank in the colors of the people and the buildings and the ships .
the blood welled and flowed and the coppery scent made my stomach roil .
jude was unconscious and limp and time seemed to slow down as spots of black and red crowded into my vision , as a colorless scent invaded the air .
i did n't know if i could keep it together if i opened his bag and smelled his scent and felt the fabric that had touched his skin .
the unmistakable perfume of the subway - a mixture of coffee , bodies , cigarettes , and fish - greeted us as we swiped metrocards through the turnstiles .
naomi tate hurried in , bringing the scents of rain and nervousness with her .
the scents in the room were all familiar : old paper mingling with leather and mold ; the coriander and musk that was the professor ; the paperwhites and cedar that was naomi .
mara kisses me and it is sugar on my tongue and champagne in my blood ; i want to drown in her taste and scent and sound .
i inhale the scent of noah 's shampoo and smile as i reach over in bed to pull him closer .
we walk past a street cart selling roasting nuts ; the smell mingles with the scents of dust and metal from the construction being done on the street .
he had some wonderful scent that i assumed was cologne , which mixed with the sea breeze .
` ` you smell good , '' i said as i bent my head down to inhale her sweet perfume .
when i breathed in , the clean scent of his soap washed over me .
` ` just now pouring the wine , '' he said as i walked in , his clean scent meeting my nose .
tripp a sense of warmth wrapped around me , and i inhaled the scent of vanilla deeper .
the car had to be new because it had that crisp , just - manufactured scent .
the lingering scent of cigarettes and disinfectant rushed over me .
the scent of him - citrus and soap - seeped in under the helmet .
a rush of cool air brought a peachy scent that tugged at me .
i picked up a stuffed unicorn that carried the scent of honeysuckle and then checked out her closet .
in a second , i recognized the clean , citrusy scent .
shivering , i inhaled the scent of pine and rich soil .
red roses from del had been placed on my desk in my bedroom , filling the room with the crisp , fresh scent .
the scent reminded me of spring and early summer .
i did n't know what to do with my hands , but he smelled like citrus and soap - a scent unique to him .
there was a minty scent on his breath .
fumbling with the seat belt , i inhaled the scent of freesia and stale fast food .
watching them waste perfectly good popcorn , i sank back and inhaled the scent that always sent my heart racing - citrus and soap .
i can still smell her perfume in the air .
i incline toward her , closing the space between us and inhale her scent .
the natural scent of her skin which always sends me into a brief high when i ' m this close to her .
the bar smelled of sweet cigars and bourbon and women 's perfume .
i ' m intoxicated by her warm flesh against my own , the scent of her womanly skin , the heat of her sweet breath , the feeling of her rapid heartbeat thrumming down into my stomach and farther .
she walks back around the counter and steps right up to me - the scent of her skin intoxicating and familiar , her closeness even though still a few feet away , enough to make me relent , to want to push her violently against the wall and bury myself inside of her .
i shut my eyes softly and take her in , all of her , because it 's been so long since i ' ve felt her this close to me , was able to inhale her scent and feel the heat of her body against mine .
i reach down and take it into my fingers , wanting to put it to my face and breathe in her scent one last time .
i pause , inhaling her natural scent , not because i want her , but because we 're all fucking animals inside and - ok , i want her , just to prove that she 's not the one in control here .
he leaned forward , wrapping her in the scent of warm male and ... was that whiskey ?
one minute duncan was standing close to callie , breathing in her delicate scent and thinking thoughts that could get him arrested , and the next there was ... nothing .
he straightened , catching a whiff of her sweet , feminine scent .
she breathed in his warm , sexy scent .
slowly , almost imperceptibly , a cold wind began to swirl through the lab , bringing with it the moist scent of earth and something else .
at one time the room was no doubt made homey by a blazing fire that danced light over the ornate tapestries that had been draped on the walls and the air had been filled with the scent of fresh straw spread over the floor .
he smelled of soap and toothpaste and an enticing scent that was uniquely duncan o'conner .
he leaned close enough to whisper directly in her ear , his scent teasing her nose and making her blood heat .
or bury her face in the curve of his neck and savor his intoxicating scent .
lingering just long enough to suck in the intoxicating scent of his warm , male skin , callie scooted back across the seat and out the door .
he sucked in a deep breath , allowing the warm , apple scent of her to ease his strange sense of foreboding .
it felt so right to have his heavy weight pressing against her , the scent of his maleness teasing at her nose and the feel of his warm skin branding her with pleasure .
callie woke for the second time , her earlier nightmare forgotten as she felt warm , male lips tenderly stroking over her cheek and caught a delectable scent filling the air .
she was rummaging through the last drawer when a faint scent of perfume had her whirling around to discover a woman standing in the middle of the room .
she was rummaging through the last drawer when a faint scent of perfume had her whirling around to discover a woman standing in the middle of the room .
moving back to the bed , duncan leaned down to press a lingering kiss to callie 's forehead , breathing deeply of her apple scent .
he moved closer , the rich scent of his warm skin a welcome exchange from the stench of the alley .
he had been unnervingly aware of the scent of her skin and the satin softness of her ripe lips .
close enough to smell the heady scent of her warm skin .
she breathed in deeply , taking pleasure in that warm scent of male skin and the faint hint of spice .
or the delicious scent of roses .
amelia breathed deeply of his warm , spicy scent , not at all surprised when her head swirled .
he breathed in deeply of her fresh , tantalizing scent .
it was in the heavy warmth of the air , the faint scratch of the linen sheets against her skin , and the scent of dust and old wax .
breathing deeply of his warm scent , amelia shamelessly shifted closer to him as they moved through the hall and down the stairs .
then the warm , potent scent of her skin assaulted his senses and a shudder raced through him .
once again , he reached out to press her close to his body , breathing deeply of her sweet scent .
a slow , wondrous smile curved her lips as she breathed deeply of his warm , familiar scent .
the warm scent of male skin and a faint hint of spice threatened to cloud her mind .
even now he could still smell the warm scent of her skin and feel the satin of her lips .
shaken by the revelation of yet another murder , jocelyn readily allowed lucien to lend her support the familiar scent of his male warmth shrouded her in a sense of well - being .
lost in the sweet scent and heat of her , lucien discovered himself caught off guard by her sudden question .
golden sunshine bathed the remote meadow in a brilliant afternoon light , the faint breeze spiced by the scent of wildflowers .
the sweet scent of her wrapped about him , and with a smile lucien allowed his taut muscles to relax .
as if sensing her uncharacteristic mood of carefree joy , lucien shifted closer to her seated form , his warm scent cloaking about her .
with his wits distracted by thoughts of jocelyn , he had reached the door to his chamber , when he belatedly realized there was a faint scent in the air that could come from only one source .
jocelyn buried her face in his shoulder , breathing deeply of his masculine scent .
hunger , passion , and overall the intoxicating scent of warm blood .
or to notice the musky scent of rosewater that filled the air .
stepping close enough to be bathed in her rose scent , he allowed his gaze to lower toward the shimmering golden medallion that lay against her white skin .
sparks flared as he briefly drank of her soft temptation , the scent of roses and warm blood clouding his mind before he was pulling back .
` ` how i have missed that arousing scent .
simone shifted upon the leather seat , suddenly aware of the scent of warm spices that clung to his warm body .
a pity , he acknowledged as his heightened senses caught a whiff of her sweet perfume .
this was no time to be distracted by the womanly heat and scent that filled the air .
she breathed deeply of the faint scent of spice that clung to his skin .
he breathed in her warm scent .
the satin blackness of his hair brushed her chin , the scent of spices filling her senses .
the dark eyes narrowed , but instead of the chest - thumping and the fast exit she 'd been hoping for , he stepped even closer , the rich scent of male musk teasing at her senses .
he heard her heart miss a beat , the scent of her ready response more enticing than any perfume .
he heard her heart miss a beat , the scent of her ready response more enticing than any perfume .
he stepped closer , his wolf relishing the warm scent of woman and power .
` ` hour after hour i lay in my bed , hearing you pace the floor while the scent of your desire filled the air . ''
her stomach clenched in fierce need , her wolf delighting in the clean scent of male skin .
distantly , he was aware of the avid gazes following his slow , elegant stride and the whispers of excitement that rippled through the room , but his attention was focused on the scent of sweet peaches .
his fingers lingered at the pulse fluttering at the base of her throat , his senses drowning in the scent of peaches .
the silver eyes flashed with a ruthless intent as he framed her face in his hands , his intoxicating scent filling her senses .
his fangs lengthened , aching with hunger at the intoxicating scent of warm peaches and blood that abruptly swirled around him .
she nodded her head , then her brows tugged together as she noticed the thick scents that wafted from the far tunnel .
juliet bit her lip as she caught the exotic scent of victor 's blood .
his voice was husky with a thickening accent ; the scent of sandalwood filled the air .
the intoxicating scent of peaches filled his senses .
kissing a path along her jaw , he paused to revel in the poignant scent of peaches and willing woman .
and his scent .
she shuddered , the scent of her arousal perfuming the air while uriel planted a trail of kisses to the revealing pulse at the base of her neck .
wrapped in her sweet scent of tiger lilies and the tantalizing warmth of her lush body , uriel was struck by a piercing desire to keep falling .
he leaned forward , absorbing her sweet scent as he allowed his lips to explore the tender slope of her shoulder .
she breathed deeply of his cool , masculine scent , her body bowing with a coiled tension as he caught the tip of her breast between his finger and thumb .
with a speed that made her head spin , kata found herself lying flat on the bed , surrounded by the earthy scent of roses and covered by uriel 's hard , naked body .
this one was hard and lumpy and possessed a funky scent she did n't even want to consider .
the scent of her satin skin , the feel of her soft curves , the delicious heat that stirred his passions .
` ` when selena would return from her visits , there was always a peculiar scent that would cling to her . ''
from my pungent scent and ragged clothes , i could guess i had been one of the endless hordes of undesirables that plagued the city . ''
the steam clouded about him , filled with the scent of vanilla and woman , rousing the predator that always lurked just beneath the surface .
abby briefly sucked in the male scent of his cologne before stepping back to regard him with a suspicious glare .
he breathed deeply of her warm scent .
they had barely crossed the threshold when the familiar scent of brewing spells , drying herbs , and darker , less palatable odors clenched at his stomach .
the witch stepped close enough to cloak abby in the sour scent of sweat and cloves .
it was in the sweet scent of her blood .
chapter five waiting until viper had left the kitchen shay gathered the cartons of food and breathed in deeply of the delicious scent .
gathering the soft material around her shay ignored the tantalizing scent that was so uniquely viper .
cloaked in his rich scent and surrounded by the cloud of his silver hair she could barely think , let alone breathe .
he would n't have minded a bit of bemusement at the sweet scent of shay that still clung to his body like a wicked promise .
it had been two hours of hell as he had tried to distract his thoughts from the beautiful woman who filled the entire house with her sweet scent he had tried searching his library for clues as to the demon that had attacked the trolls .
a sleep that had been disturbed far too early by the feel of a warm body entangled with his own and a heady female scent filling the air .
he leaned his forehead against her own , drinking in her intoxicating scent .
shay moved forward to better appreciate the scent of aged leather .
he lifted a strand of hair to deeply inhale her delicate scent .
the scent of her filled his senses and viper pressed his hardness into the slick sheets .
she breathed deeply of his exotic scent .
there were also delicate ivory rose petals sprinkled over the sheets to fill the room with their musky scent .
at last stumbling across a small , but lovely solarium she settled herself on a padded bench and breathed in the scent of rich earth and fresh flowers .
the thought had barely flashed through her mind when her sensitive nose caught a familiar scent .
as the silver chains bit into his flesh and his muscles clenched in fiery agony , he could swear that he could smell the sweet scent of shay .
allowing herself a moment to simply drink in the scent of his skin and the feel of his body next to her own , shay at last forced open her eyes .
and overall a pervasive scent of depraved self - indulgence .
there was a sudden , familiar scent in the air .
it had been a beautiful ceremony at viper 's country estate surrounded by hundreds of candles and roses and the sweet scent of freshly baked apple pie floating through the air .
he wanted to feel her heat and scent wrap about him .
unfortunately , her skin was as smooth as warm silk and he could n't entirely suppress the desire to lean close enough to smell her flowery scent .
he breathed in deeply , but once again he could detect nothing but the scent of flowers and very human blood .
she moved to stand beside him , completely unaware of his body 's reaction to the heat and scent of her .
the scent of rich , black earth surrounded her as she reached the wide tunnel .
it was a soothing scent despite the heavy darkness , and she paused to get her bearings .
she demanded , unable to stop herself from breathing deeply of his exotic male scent .
her warmth should be cloaked about him , and her scent filling the room with her sweetness .
with that he disappeared from the room , leaving behind a whiff of his exotic , male scent .
styx clenched his hands as the sweet scent of darcy wrapped about him .
close enough he could hear her every movement and smell the warm scent of her skin .
salvatore stiffened as the scent of expensive perfume filled the air .
salvatore stiffened as the scent of expensive perfume filled the air .
laving his cheek on the top of her head , he breathed deeply of her sweet scent and ruefully considered how the mighty were fallen .
dipping his head downward , he nuzzled her neck , nipping at her skin as the scent of her blood filled his senses .
busily convincing herself that the tingles in the pit of her stomach were nothing more than expensive champagne bubbles , anna stiffened as the unmistakable scent of apples filled the air .
even after one hundred and ninety - five years , i remember the precise scent of your skin , the feel of your slender body , the taste of your ... '' ` ` blood ? ''
her smile faded as the scent of apples filled the air .
she sucked in a sharp breath , wishing she had not when her senses became clouded by his sandalwood scent .
she wanted to drown in his touch , in the sensation of his lips suckling gently on her hard nipple , in the sandalwood scent that made her knees weak and her palms sweat .
she gave a shake of her head , her honey hair brushing over her bare shoulders and filling the air with her exquisite scent .
his touch became soothing as he stroked his lips along her collarbone , silently absorbing her intoxicating scent .
and that his sandalwood scent was making her head spin and her palms sweat .
the scent of apples became nearly overwhelming as sybil struggled to contain her fiery temper .
anna sucked in a heady breath of the delicious scents filling the air .
burying his face in her soft curls he soaked in her sweet , lightly fruity scent , his hands running a soothing path up the curve of her spine .
he could smell her hunger perfume the air , feel her shivers as he thrust his arousal against her stomach .
she was warm and soft in his arms , and for the moment he wanted to think about nothing but the sensation of her beating heart against his chest and the scent of her warm skin .
anna sucked in a deep breath of his sandalwood scent , oddly comforted by his presence .
and way too filled with anna 's sweet , fruity scent .
there was also an annoying scent of spearmint that permeated the air , as if the old lady that morgana had buried in the back garden was addicted to chewing gum .
close enough that the scent of honeyed figs filled his senses .
his scent filling her with sandalwood heat .
senses that were rejoicing in the feel of his hard shaft brushing against her lower stomach , in the spicy scent of him seeping into her skin , and the taste of his lips as they captured hers in a rough , demanding kiss .
the scent of pomegranates and dark magic filled morgana as she peered into the blood that was pooling in the bottom of the bowl .
cezar absorbed her heat , allowing himself to drown in the feel and scent of her .
turning her head from his marauding lips , she tried to catch her breath , succeeding only in filling her senses with cezar 's spicy , erotic scent .
allowing her thoughts to drift away , anna gave in to pure sensation , the feel of him moving inside her , the scent of his skin , the lingering taste of his lips on hers .
strong arms encircled her waist from behind , the familiar scent of cezar cloaking about her as he buried his head in the curve of her neck .
already the scent of pomegranates was filling the air , the fruity scent making anna 's skin crawl with fear .
already the scent of pomegranates was filling the air , the fruity scent making anna 's skin crawl with fear .
morgana hissed , the fruity scent so powerful that it was making anna 's stomach queasy .
stepping into the room that anna had stayed in so briefly , cezar came to an abrupt halt as her sweet scent invaded his senses .
as he neared , the smell of apples became mixed with the scent of anna 's blood .
he groaned as he lowered his head to bury his face in her hair , filling himself with her delectable scent .
cezar hissed at the feel of her soft caress and the magical scent that wrapped around him .
the scent of figs spiced the air before morgana was hit with a sharp , painful blast of heat .
` ` anna , '' he husked , allowing the scent of honeyed figs to sink deep inside him .
` ` ah ... querida , '' he groaned , drowning in her honeyed scent and the feel of her tongue as it trailed a searing path along the edge of his boxers .
besides , the lingering scent of siljar still hung heavy in the air .
plagued by a sorrow that pulsed through his body , cezar paced the bedroom that he shared with anna , soaking in her lingering scent and stroking his fingers over the few possessions she had scattered around the room .
he could still feel the rich satin texture beneath his fingers and smell the intoxicating scent of figs that had filled the air .
she smiled as she wrapped her arms around cezar and allowed his sandalwood scent to explode through her senses .
toppling forward , her face landed squarely on jagr 's hard chest , the rich scent of his male power mingling with the lingering convulsions that rocked her body .
the scent of arousal bloomed on her skin , lengthening his fangs and making his heavy erection twitch in anticipation .
his brief amusement faded as the jasmine scent of her wrapped around him , stoking the hunger that smoldered deep inside him .
the sweet , enticing scent of her arousal perfumed the air , but jagr did n't miss the hint of panic that flared through her emerald eyes .
there was a rustle beside him and the scent of midnight jasmine teased at his senses .
following the intoxicating scent of blood , jagr angled to the west .
lost in his dark thoughts , it was the scent of jasmine that had him abruptly turning and heading back to the front of the vehicle .
i could drown in that scent . ''
the sweet scent of her arousal deepened at his blunt words .
` ` i have a private lair , but i owe fealty to the anasso , as well as viper , '' he murmured , unwittingly lowering his head to drink in her intoxicating scent .
` ` such a poignant , fruity scent .
then , desperate to ignore the tantalizing scent of soap and sweet jasmine filling the air , he returned to the kitchen and drained a bottle of the blood left in the refrigerator .
regan demanded , her eyes glittering at the distinct scent of peach that had nothing to do with the tarts or scones served from the nearby kitchen .
it was n't the distinct plum scent of culligan , but definitely fey .
squaring his shoulders , levet concentrated on the fading scent of plums .
gaynor licked his thin lips , the scent of peach thick in the air .
skirting the house with all its froufrou trellises and cheesy birdbaths , she allowed her nose to lead her to the kitchen window , using her considerable strength to shove up the sash a few inches and breathe in the various scents .
on the point of accepting she was wasting her time , again , she was hit by the unmistakable scent of peanut butter fudge .
immediately the shed was filled with the overpowering smell of plums , while her scent disappeared .
immediately the sweet scent of midnight jasmine filled the cell , threading its way through the crimson veil of his bloodlust .
there was the sound of someone calling his name , and the tantalizing scent of midnight jasmine , but he was too far gone to be distracted .
regan 's soft voice , along with the tantalizing scent of midnight jasmine , was nothing more than a whisper , but both slammed into him with the force of a two - ton truck .
he was reaching for the clean shirt he 'd left on a side table when the unmistakable scent of jasmine had him spinning toward the door .
to be wrapped in her exotic scent and feel the heat of her body .
his head lowered so he could bury his face in the curve of her neck , the heated jasmine scent doing nothing to clear his desire - fogged brain .
he could already smell the potent perfume of her arousal as she awkwardly tugged at his zipper .
she closed the tiny space he 'd managed to earn , enveloping him in the scent of spring rain .
thankfully , the large office was hexed to ensure privacy , and the familiar scent of midnight jasmine was muted enough to ease the stark yearning that plagued him .
knowing the anasso would do nothing to save him from the impending interference of his brothers , jagr stepped out of the office , instantly hit with the potent scent of jasmine .
until that moment , he had n't noticed the musky scent that clung to his skin .
the sweet scent of vanilla invaded salvatore 's senses , clouding his mind and stealing his waning strength .
instead , he tested the late spring air , futilely attempting to ignore the pervasive scent of vanilla that seeped through his body like the finest aphrodisiac , and concentrated on the bastard who had dared to try to kidnap him .
salvatore groaned as the scent of vanilla flooded the air , warning of harley 's imminent return .
her awareness filled the air like the finest perfume .
she shuddered , her vanilla scent flooding the room .
she sighed , pretending she did n't notice his musky male scent and the heat of his hard body that was sending tiny flutters through the pit of her stomach .
his exotic , musky scent invaded her senses , seeping into her skin like the finest aphrodisiac .
sashaying - yes , she actually sashayed - around the front of the car , the imp tossed her long mane of crimson hair , the scent of plums filling the air .
and that scent ...
a golden glow illuminated salvatore 's eyes , his rich , musky scent filling the room .
she shivered as he led her across the lobby , his mesmerizing , musky scent seeping into her skin as if attempting to brand her .
the feel of salvatore 's hard body , his frigging delicious musky scent , the pulse of his outrageous power ...
the scent of rich vanilla teased at his nose .
she shivered beneath his touch , her sweet vanilla scent mixing with his musk in a combination that set his blood on fire .
she was nearing the stairs leading back down to the pit when a female form detached from a shadowed alcove , and the scent of plums swirled through the air .
somehow she thought a goddess would have her own unique scent .
instantly the scent of vanilla washed over him , her warmth battling back the ruthless pain as if she were near .
the scent deepened , the hint of lavender tugging at his senses , leading him down a side tunnel .
setting her on her feet , salvatore savored the scent of her sharp excitement that perfumed the air .
there was a sweet scent of lavender and then cassandra 's face appeared above him , her hair tangled around her face .
laying his cheek on top of her head , he sucked in her delicate scent of lavender , feeling it flow through him with a healing calm .
then , with a shake of his head , he concentrated on the scents and sounds that filled the night .
hundreds of scents clung to the thick bushes , but salvatore easily shifted through them , dismissing all but those that held the familiar musk of were and cur .
breathing in deeply , she closed her eyes and sorted through the barrage of near overwhelming scents that filled the air .
arching against his hard body , harley momentarily allowed herself to savor the feel and scent of him .
she breathed in his rich , musky scent , allowing her gaze to savor the magnificent sight of his smooth bronzed skin stretched over chiseled muscles , and the spill of raven hair that framed his lean , starkly beautiful face .
he choked back a groan as he was slammed by the delectable feminine heat and the scent of spring rain .
tane drew in the musty air of the cavern , hoping to dilute the potent scent of her fresh blood .
he leaned forward , allowing the scent of spring rain to wrap around him .
chapter 6 skimming his hands down laylah 's back , tane savored the rich scent of her arousal that spiced the air .
he lowered his head to fill his senses with her scent of fresh rain .
drowning in the scent of her arousal , tane nibbled at her inner thigh , a smile curving his lips as her soft whimper filled the air .
and lit candles filled the air with a soft vanilla scent .
then , as the cool , exotically male scent of tane filled the cavern , she found herself tumbling into a pair of waiting arms .
he leaned down until they were nose to nose , absorbing her scent that was becoming fatally addictive .
he smiled as her ready arousal filled the air with a heady perfume .
satisfied with the dubious explanation , tane pressed her head into the curve of his shoulder , once again ruing the amulet that disguised her sweet scent .
his nose flared as he sucked in her sweet lavender scent , his body tense with the urge to pounce .
he distantly remembered to temper his newfound strength , rubbing his face along the curve of her neck as he absorbed her unique scent .
she grimaced , ignoring the nearby exit as the intoxicating scent of tane spiced the air .
she shivered , the scent of her excitement teasing at his senses , but her hands lifted to press against his chest .
the magical barrier muted the outside world , but suddenly she was aware of the distant sounds of shouts and an unfamiliar smell of tangy herbs that blended with the fruity scent of fey .
he sniffed the air , picking up the earthy scent of fresh herbs .
a potent scent of herbs filled the air as the blood of the fey soaked into the mossy ground , but tane did n't pause to admire the gory victory .
and in the air the scent of disinfectant hung like a cloud .
` ` it was only a dream , my sweet , '' he soothed , his exotic male scent teasing at her nose and easing the knot of fear in the pit of her stomach .
he ignored the sensation of night falling , instead savoring the scent of spring rain that wrapped around him like a warm blanket .
his body , however , had retained an instinctive love for the warm beaches and tropical scents of the south pacific .
after that ... any fuzzy plans beginning to stew in the back of her mind were forgotten as the unmistakable scent of fresh herbs mixed with the thick dust in the air .
ariyal swore , the aroma of herbs so strong it overwhelmed every other scent .
just for a moment she savored the feel of his warm weight and sweet scent that had been disguised by the stasis spell .
he might have passed for human if not for the metallic shimmer to the sterling silver eyes , and thick scent of herbs that clung to his tattered robe , which blended into the green bushes behind him .
he nodded , catching the sweet scent drifting through the air .
his fangs throbbed at the exotic scent of jasmine and pure female .
she could smell the distinct scent of herbs that revealed they were sylvermysts and the hormones that marked them as male .
his voice rumbled through the air , bringing with it the foul scent of the netherworld .
pretending that the earthy scent of herbs was n't teasing at her senses and that the hard , male body was n't cloaking her in welcome warmth , she pressed her hands against his chest .
the potent scent of herbs filled the air even as his finger stroked over the sweet spot of her pleasure .
salvatore moved toward the bewitching female , leaning close enough to draw in her exotic jasmine scent .
as she whispered a low word there was another shift in the air , revealing a tangle of scents that had been hidden by illusion .
a breeze stirred the air , bringing with it the rich scent of herbs .
instead , he was pacing the meadow and imagining a dozen different scenarios , all of which included jaelyn injured or captured or ... a frigid chill swept through the air , sending a flood of sharp relief through his body , closely followed by a ready male response to the potent womanly scent that filled his senses .
ariyal tilted back his head to draw in a deep breath , sorting through the various scents that filled the meadow .
she briefly surveyed the white , two - story home with black shutters and peeling paint before shifting her attention to the nearby chicken coop that lurched to a drunken angle and the more distant sheds and a tin - roofed barn that held the lingering scent of hay .
now any desire to be alone with his seething anger was seared away by the intoxicating scent of woman and cool , satin skin beneath his searching finger .
or at least that was the excuse she used as her hands smoothed down the satin skin of his back and her face remained pressed into the curve of his neck as she wallowed in his warm , addictive scent .
the scent of herbs filled the air as his power seared over her skin , but it was n't fear that shivered down her spine .
following the faint scent of fresh air , he was desperate to leave behind the choking cloud of dust that billowed through the tunnels .
it was only when the familiar scent of power and pure woman teased at his senses that he came to an abrupt halt .
but it was the rich scent of herbs filling the air that made her fangs throb with need .
she trembled as the mists brushed her bare skin , bringing with it the scent of herbs .
suddenly she was filled with his essence , the scent of warm herbs almost tangible in the air .
he caught the musty scent of ancient books from a nearby library and the tantalizing perfume of orchids from the bathhouse , but nefri moved toward a corridor that led away from the public rooms to what he assumed must be the living quarters .
he caught the musty scent of ancient books from a nearby library and the tantalizing perfume of orchids from the bathhouse , but nefri moved toward a corridor that led away from the public rooms to what he assumed must be the living quarters .
there was a wash of cool power and the scent of exotic woman as nefri moved to stand at his side , her serene presence offering a surprising balm to the tumultuous feelings that threatened to consume him .
elwin 's anger tinted the air with a warm scent of herbs , but it was no match for the brutal chill of styx 's power .
she returned her head to his chest , savoring the scent of herbs .
he sucked in a deep breath , savoring the warm scent of lavender that clung to her skin .
he murmured , the scent of soap and shampoo from his recent shower doing nothing to disguise the warm , wicked tang of his wolf .
his head lowered so he could bury his face in the curve of her neck , breathing deeply of her scent .
the air , filled with moist steam laced with the scent of soap and warm male skin , wafted over her like a delicate caress .
the heavy scent of his musk wrapped around her , his c**k twitching against her .
she leaned her forehead against his , taking strength in his familiar scent .
fingers tightened on his waistband , and his bout of self - pity was forgotten as the scent of warm female and lavender wrapped around him .
he sucked in the sweet scent , hoping to ease his wolf 's rabid fury .
he used his tongue to outline the edge of her panties , breathing deeply of her sweet scent .
the warm scent of lavender filled his senses , his entire body trembling with the driving need to claim this female in the most basic way possible .
breathing in the rich scent of his musk , cassie tilted back her head .
about to admit she never slept so well alone , cassie belatedly noticed caine 's recently shaved face and the scent of soap that clung to his bronzed skin .
cassie felt his body tense at her husky words , the scent of his musk laced through the air .
the scent of caine was drifting through the air and she knew she had to reach him .
she was greeted by the scent of waffles fresh from the toaster and warm syrup .
then suddenly he had a vivid image of cassie perched on the edge of the breakfast bar as the scent of pizza filled the air .
now , his burst of outrage faded and he just wanted to hold the female who meant more to him than life itself and savor the lavender scent that soothed his wolf as nothing else could .
the rich scent of his musk wrapped around her , seeping into her skin .
he lowered his head to brush his lips over her cheek , his muscles tensing as he caught an unmistakable scent clinging to her skin .
with a tender thoroughness he nibbled down her slender leg to the tips of her toes , breathing deeply of her delectable scent .
he nipped her bottom lip , the scent of his musk filling her senses , imprinting his claim on her skin .
the vampires had insisted that without the presence of the goddess of light the entire world was doomed to be overrun with evil ... . rubbing his stunted horn , levet wallowed in his misery , blithely unaware of the hint of brimstone that suddenly mixed with the scent of roses in the air .
cassie pressed closer to caine , taking comfort in his warm scent before she gently pulled out of his arms .
caine 's warm , musky scent at last penetrated the white shrouding her mind , his lips brushing her ear as he tried to bring her back .
his senses were filled with a beguiling jasmine scent that filtered deep into places that he 'd forgotten existed .
the scent of jasmine teased at his nose , the cool silk of her lips as potent as the finest aphrodisiac .
he leaned forward , drawing deeply of her jasmine scent .
unfortunately it did n't explain why he 'd been so fascinated by the warm scent of peaches that seemed to cling to her skin .
perhaps a tiny female with hair the color of autumn , rich brown eyes , and the sweet scent of peaches ... no , dammit .
a scent .
` ` nothing , '' she muttered , burying her face in the curve of his neck to absorb the rich male scent of him .
he returned his attention to the temptation of her lips as he moved to stand close enough to be wrapped in her jasmine scent .
she called softly , the sweet scent of peaches filling the air .
he nibbled down to the edge of her sweater , savoring the intoxicating scent of jasmine .
she shivered , the rich scent of her arousal lacing the breeze .
baine sucked in a deep breath , as if savoring their scents .
to wrap himself in her jasmine scent until they were both drowning in satisfaction .
her fingers stroked restlessly through his hair , the scent of jasmine filling his senses .
he leaned forward , his blood heating as the enticing scent of peaches teased at his senses .
and it did n't halt that maddening scent of peaches from making his fangs ache with a desire to sink them deep into her flesh and taste if her blood were as sweet as that tantalizing perfume .
and it did n't halt that maddening scent of peaches from making his fangs ache with a desire to sink them deep into her flesh and taste if her blood were as sweet as that tantalizing perfume .
she moved a step closer , wrapping him in her sweet jasmine scent .
she pressed a finger to his lips , the tantalizing scent of her jasmine arousal spicing the air .
the scent of peaches filled the air .
and then there was the warm scent of her blood .
his fury eased as he was distracted by the softness of her skin beneath his fingers and the scent of plums teasing his nose .
he felt her quiver , the sweet scent of jasmine filling his senses as if she were battling against the violence that thrummed through her veins .
behind him styx blistered the air with curses , but roke never slowed as he hit the ground and followed the scent of peaches through the moonlight that spilled over the manicured parkland .
the tightness in his chest eased at being able to see her and catch the sweet scent of peaches .
as if to rub salt in a very tender wound , sally narrowed her eyes , the scent of peaches filling the air .
caught in the strange , motionless battle , nefri almost missed the familiar scent that floated on the breeze .
testing the air , he caught the scent of salty foam as waves crashed against the rocks below , the acrid tang of smoke from the chimney , and the distant perfume of a water sprite playing among the whales .
testing the air , he caught the scent of salty foam as waves crashed against the rocks below , the acrid tang of smoke from the chimney , and the distant perfume of a water sprite playing among the whales .
a light female voice demanded , the scent of peaches drenching the air .
` ` i thought you would be happy to be rid of me , '' she whispered , breathing in the scent of leather , male , and raw power .
she pulled away from his touch , but not before roke caught the intoxicating scent of her arousal .
lost in the heady scent of peaches and warm female desire , roke almost missed the distant roar of an engine .
levet frowned , recognizing that precise scent of salty air that clung to the fabric of brandel 's robe .
then as swiftly as the humming had started it disappeared and levet was distracted by the scent of brimstone .
she groaned , the dampness between her legs flooding the room with the scent of her arousal .
with long strides he was swiftly at her side , the cool scent of powerful male teasing at her senses .
for a long minute he hesitated , caught by the scent of peaches that filled the air .
instantly his gaze went to sally as she rose from the table , taking careful note of the empty plates and the lingering scent of apple pie .
` ` hey , he is n't the only one shackled , '' sally groused , the scent of scorched peaches filling the air .
to press her face into the curve of his neck and allow his scent to soothe the lingering irritation that another woman had dared to touch him .
sally 's mouth watered at the scents that filled the air .
her first destination was the kitchen where the smell of herbs mixed with her intoxicating peach scent that seemed to grow more vibrant and complex with every beat of her heart .
he trailed his lips up the line of her jaw , savoring the scent of peaches as he found the racing pulse just below her ear .
he groaned as he lowered his head to bury his face in her hair , filling himself with the scent of warm peaches .
she breathed in the scent of potent male , soothed by the dark spice even as it stirred her arousal .
the chilled air wrapped around her as sally stepped out of the house , the scent of pine trees and frost teasing at her nose .
` ` ocean spray has different scents ? ''
she forced herself to drawl , ignoring the delicious scents wafting on the air .
there was no answer beyond the rustle of the breeze through the flowers , but suddenly she caught the scent of a rich full - bodied wine .
she could smell the heady scent of fine wine .
she breathed deeply of roke 's scent .
` ` we can discuss it later , '' he smoothly assured her , the intoxicating scent of peaches becoming a distinct distraction .
well , the scent of peaches and the half - naked female body that he craved to have beneath him while he proved that there was no magic that could end the hunger that burned between them .
` ` you 're just saying that because you do n't want me to put myself in danger , '' she said , her voice thickening , the enticing scent of her arousal perfuming the air .
he reached to touch her cheek , hiding a rueful smile at the scent of scorched peaches that filled the air .
the brilliant light had faded , but her skin remained warm to the touch and the scent of peaches saturated the air , reminding him of the power she had so recently wielded .
pretending she did n't have a sulking six - foot - plus vampire on her heels , sally walked between the trees , breathing deeply of the scent of moss and rich earth .
the scent of fermenting wine filled the air as the barrier trembled beneath her hands .
sariel studied her with a steady amber gaze , the scent of intoxicating wine filling the air .
` ` there are no other scents beyond sally and sariel .
she breathed deeply of his familiar scent , tears streaming down her face as he buried his face in the curve of her neck .
i could feel her pulse beating strongly , and smell her shampoo , filling my nose with the scent of lavender and chamomile .
the sun was already almost set and the scent of blood was so strong , i felt my jaw unhinge .
the scent of death wafting from amy grew stronger every day , and from the look on her face today , i knew she had learned something about it .
` ` yes , '' liam replied , and i smiled , breathing in his familiar scent .
once we were alone in the room , i closed my eyes , breathing in amy 's scent .
but it was her scent ; calming my urges , that made me hold her gaze , wondering what she was , if she knew .
i was afraid that the very few memories i had of her , a scent , a happy feeling , would disappear , if i exposed her to the public .
his cologne wafted from his neck , a familiar scent that i realized i had missed .
my skin was tingling with every blow of the gentle summer breeze , the distinct scent of ocean salt filling my nostrils .
the feel of his body pressed against mine , the chill of his breath against my skin , the sound of his uneven breathing , the light scent of his musk mixing with the myrrh they applied on me before we were brought to him .
i was still so conscious of sofia 's proximity , still overcome by the scent of her blood .
i saw the agitation on derek 's face , the intoxicating scent of his natural musk filling my nostrils as i snuggled against him .
my fingers were entangled with her long , soft auburn locks and her sweet scent invaded my senses .
the natural scent of the trees surrounding us and the sea nearby mixed with derek 's intoxicating musk .
the sight of the sun 's oranges and yellows slowly rising over the ocean 's blues and greens ; the sound of seagulls cawing and the waves crashing against the shore ; the salty aftertaste of sea water mixed with tears ; the feel of the soft sand beneath my feet and the cool breeze blowing against my skin ; the scent of the ocean mixing with the fresh morning air ; i was aware of it all .
without them , my chambers reeked too much of sofia and her scent .
the sensations caused by his hands on me , holding me , and the feel of his lips brushing the back of my neck , breathing my scent in ... it was all too much in too little time .
i wrapped my arms around his neck and buried my face against his chest , breathing in his scent , adoring the way his heart was now thumping at a quicker pace than normal .
i cupped her face with both hands and once again crushed my lips against hers , breathing her scent in , tasting her sweet lips , committing every bit of that moment into my memory .
i approached him , wrapping my arms around his waist from behind and resting my head on his back , breathing in his scent .
i wanted to take her in my arms , breathe in her scent , feel her body against mine , hear her words , touch her ... see if she was really there , but more than that , i wanted to sink my teeth into her neck and drink .
i shivered against the cold night breeze and practically tasted the scent of the pine trees .
i held her waist and kissed the back of her neck , breathing in her intoxicating scent .
i could sense her presence , smell her sweet scent , practically see in my mind 's eye her beauty .
i held her close , breathing in her scent , running my warm fingers through her soft , red hair .
i swallowed hard at the familiar scent and homey atmosphere that came with standing in the hudsons ' hallway before focusing my attention on the woman .
he has my scent and everything .
he wrapped his arms around me and began stroking my belly , i could feel him press his face against the back of my neck , breathing my scent in .
the further down we went , the stronger the alluring scent grew .
after about forty minutes of driving , i began to catch the scent of salt in the air .
i placed a hand against her back and pulled her closer , pressing my lips against her neck and breathing in her scent .
a salty breeze wafted past and the fresh scent of trees filled my nostrils .
as i breathed in his scent , tears fell afresh from my eyes .
i breathed in her intoxicating scent before running my tongue along her bite marks , licking away the dried blood .
i walked closer , breathing in her scent .
now that she was closer to me , the subtle scent of her sandalwood perfume was more noticeable .
now that she was closer to me , the subtle scent of her sandalwood perfume was more noticeable .
` ` mmm , '' he groaned as he took in my scent .
her scent was intoxicating .
i breathed in the scent of his skin , stained with salt water .
he rested his chin on my head , groaning quietly as he took in my own scent .
chapter 42 : mona standing at the foot of the highest mountain on the island , i breathed in deeply , inhaling the scent of the trees .
my stressful work day is forgotten , all by a small hug and his scent .
he wraps me up tight , and i close my eyes and inhale the zesty citrus - based scent at his collar .
i ca n't smell the familiar zesty citrus scent of him .
this scent is woodsy and fresh .
my eyes close as i suddenly catch his scent , and it makes me want to bury my nose in the crook of his neck and lick a trail up to his jawline .
the clean , fresh scent of her hair and skin sent his system reeling even as the press of her curves against him made it nearly impossible to think straight .
everything but the scent of her skin and the silky slide of her hair between his fingertips .
` ` i ' ve always loved the scent of freesias , '' she said when he simply stared at her gift .
one air - kiss later , she was gone , leaving only her expensive scent behind .
the scent of their arousal , and the clean sweat on his tanned skin .
her scent - a sweet hint of flowers wrapped in sinfully hot spice - wound through him .
close enough that she could smell his clean , masculine scent , the same one that had driven her wild on those nights when they 'd lain skin to skin , their hearts racing from their fierce , wild lovemaking .
he inhaled their sweet scent , then said , ` ` it 's your favorite , is n't it ? ''
but with the scent of her favorite rose perfuming the air , it was nearly impossible to push away the heady visions of the two of them laughing and loving together .
as it was , her exotic scent was driving him halfway to crazy .
a light breeze over the vineyard blew tatiana 's scent to him .
he was holding out a to - go cup of coffee for her , but it was his absolutely tantalizing clean male scent that hit her first .
with his eyes closed , he was even more aware of her scent , the light rose of her perfume mixed with female arousal .
with his eyes closed , he was even more aware of her scent , the light rose of her perfume mixed with female arousal .
her skin smelled like his shampoo , but her hair still held her signature rose scent .
in the dark , all she knew was how deliciously heavy ford was as he pressed her into the seat , his clean masculine scent taking over her senses one shaky breath at a time .
he longed to pull her into his arms and bury his hands in her hair as he drank in her scent , her softness and the sweet sounds she made when she melted against him .
the scent in the air was one that always reminded her of italy at christmas .
sweeter every time he tasted her , her scent and the feel of her soft curves in his arms had him nearly forgetting where they were as he spun them around so that she was pressed up against the door and her hands were in his on either side of her head .
her scent made his head spin , her soft sounds of pleasure sending his heart racing faster than it ever had before .
she was even softer here , her scent spinning through him .
sitting on the bed together , mary breathed in the familiar smell of her perfume and felt how strong and warm her arms still were .
with her eyes closed , she was deliciously aware of the feel of his palm against hers and his clean , masculine scent .
the crush was just starting , and the air was perfumed with the scent of grapes .
when she moved just a little bit closer to feed him the other half of the chocolate , the sweet scent of her hair and skin had him swaying toward her just enough that his tongue slicked over the pad of her forefinger .
instead , his senses were entirely captured by the steady beat of her heart against his chest , the fragrant scent of her hair , and the slick heat of her arousal against his thigh .
it was what she 'd said to him last night when he was teasing her , and as she wiggled herself against him again , rafe lowered his cheek to the top of her wet hair and breathed in her fresh , clean scent , letting it fill him up .
he could have stood with her and breathed in her sweet , fresh scent for hours .
one day , she wanted to make love to rafe right here , in the dark surrounded by the scent of douglas fir , while the rest of the world slept .
she loved the finest silks and lace against her skin and happily spent way too much on the perfect , evocative scent .
no , his brain had stopped functioning right from that first moment he 'd put his hands on her and had breathed in her soft floral scent .
her scent wrapped around him again , drew him in even further .
it was what she was doing with her store , after all , by stocking the finest silks and laces , the headiest perfumes , all meant to recklessly seduce in the heat of the night .
her scent , her beauty , they were everywhere .
he nuzzled her cheek and breathed in her sweet , wild , oh - so - feminine scent .
chapter three one week later , valentina paused on the front step of smith 's house and took a deep breath that was perfumed with the scent of flowers .
her heart raced at his nearness , and as she inhaled a deep breath to try to pull some oxygen into her lungs , she accidentally took in his scent instead .
she opened the door to her trailer office and the fresh , delicate scent hit her first .
even though she was a good six inches taller than ava landon and had n't been a child for a very long time , as valentina stepped into the familiar arms and expensive air of perfume , she suddenly felt two decades younger .
she smelled exactly the way she had when he 'd taken her on his desk , like lavender shampoo and sex and her own intoxicating scent that had always driven him crazy .
he slid in behind her , her scent sweet and utterly intoxicating .
she was the one hugging her mother this time , the familiar scent of her perfume , and her softness as comforting to her now as they had been when she was a little girl .
she was the one hugging her mother this time , the familiar scent of her perfume , and her softness as comforting to her now as they had been when she was a little girl .
he wanted to run his lips down past the pulse that beat on the side of her neck to the curve of her shoulder so that he could breathe in the clean , sweet scent of her skin .
he could smell her fresh , clean scent as she moved behind him and had to brace himself for the moment her hands touched him .
and how could she have known that he 'd smell even better up close in the dark , a clean all - male scent that had her senses racing to drink it in .
her scent was everywhere , sweet and aroused .
` ` hurry , '' she urged him , but how could he resist the scent , the taste of her ?
her arms came around him and the puppy and he breathed in her familiar floral scent .
even now , she could n't help but breathe in his scent , a faint hint of hops and something she 'd never been able to categorize beyond night and darkness .
sitting close to her as she ran through the wedding plans with him , breathing in her sweet scent , wondering if she would taste just as sweet against his tongue , had been slowly driving him crazy .
her soft sensuality in that pink dress , the sweet smell of her perfume , were a one - two punch straight to a gut that had n't yet recovered from watching those tears slip down her cheeks , or the radiant smile that had followed .
no other woman had ever felt this right in his arms and when the song slowed and she put her head on his shoulder , he had to pull her closer , had to breathe in her soft scent , a hint of champagne and flowers .
but her scent was still on him , and he could n't shake the phantom feel of her curves pressing into him as they 'd danced .
and yet , even as his self - hatred grew inside of him like a festering virus , she was so soft , so sweet in his arms as she slept that he could n't stop himself from breathing in her scent , from soaking up her warmth .
her scent was already everywhere , wrapping around him , winding through him , drawing him closer .
jake slid one hand into her long hair , breathing in her sweet scent .
it took every ounce of self - control she possessed to hold herself rigid as his muscles brushed over her skin , as his scent filled her senses .
he breathed in the sweet scent of her arousal as he kneeled on the floor to settle himself between her legs and she instinctively opened her thighs for him .
he knew just how that went , considering he could hardly make sense of what she 'd just said to him with her soft hair brushing over him , her sweet scent washing over him , and her curves pressed lightly into him .
but through the forty - minute trip , despite the mouthwatering smell of the large plate of fudge summer had made , gabe was all too aware of megan 's faint scent , something flowery and clean , along with her gorgeous curves beneath her knee - length velvet dress and those toned legs that he 'd been unable to keep from admiring as he 'd followed them out to his truck from her apartment .
she loved the smell of him , the way a little bit of smoke always seemed to cling to him , a scent that was utterly unique to him .
he was standing close enough to smell her perfume , something soft and floral that made him want to bury his nose in the curve of her neck until he figured out exactly what kind of flower it was .
their smooth skin , their sweet scent , the sound of their laughter .
she buried her face in his neck and breathed in his warm and smoky scent until she was able to stuff away her fears again .
especially with her vision taken away , every touch , every scent , every sound was so much more potent .
even after gabe left his apartment to head for chinatown , megan remained right where she was , in his bed , surrounded by his scent , his things , wanting to feel even that small connection a little longer .
god , she was so sweet , from the surprise in her big blue eyes when she realized she 'd called his mother , to the fresh scent of strawberries in her hair , to her soft curves in his arms .
hell , he was still having those visions - visions that were far more explicit now that he was actually holding her and breathing in her scent .
he was now on tap for a quiet evening watching over a beautiful girl whose scent and soft curves he would n't be able to forget for a very long time .
chloe 's scent wrapped itself around him again and it was a hit of potent sensuality .
as their cheerful songs filtered into her , she took a deep breath of the fresh air , the clean scent of dirt and growing plants and nature .
he leaned in a little closer , close enough that he could breathe in her sweet scent .
he 'd waited all day to touch her again , for the chance to fill up his senses with her softness , her sweet scent , her innate sensual responses .
he took in a huge lungful of air , drawing her scent through his nose .
stepping out of the trailer , she took a deep breath , drawing in a heavenly scent of grass and soil .
the scent of his fabric softener was heavenly , and that was when she decided she 'd completely lost it .
he 'd showered and shaved and she could smell the clean scent of his soap .
thrashing his head , he flared his nostrils as he breathed in the scents of early october and primed his blood for the work ahead .
as he bent down and touched her lower leg , he smelled again the subtle lavender scent in the waves of hair tied at her neck .
she could smell the sweet perfume of fresh hay and hear the reassuring grinding of sabbath 's teeth .
she fished through her bag and found some bath salts , which she sprinkled into the frothing water , releasing a delicate lavender scent .
the scent brought her back to childhood , when safety and comfort were easily found in his arms .
god , she loved the smell in the air : floor polish and perfume and cologne ... and wealth .
` ` i like your perfume , '' he said , leaning into the neck of the redhead .
when the chippie nodded like she 'd won the lottery , he took her hand , and that perfume of hers followed them , making him wish the black haired one had been single and willing , and that jessica rabbit with the goth makeover had been the chick with the boyfriend .
then again , he supposed spanx was cheaper than lipo- that perfume flooded back into his nose , suggesting that maybe it had n't been the woman 's after all .
as it arrived , the scent of the flowers grew so strong , it overpowered everything- eddie .
a strange chemical perfume in the air tingled in his nose .
on the descent , the sound of his heavy boots echoed up into the marble ceiling , and the scent of sea salts and minerals and perfumed oils made him want to breathe through his mouth , not his nose .
unlocking the door , she did n't need the scent of coffee or the sound of a spoon against a china bowl to tell her that her mother was up .
a chill went up her spine , tingling in the nape of her neck , making her hyper - aware of everything from the pine scent in the air to the coolness of the night to those lazy , traveling clouds overhead .
stepping through the glass door , the air was all sweet perfume with an undertow of chemicals , and the discordant , wavy music was way too sophisticated for her .
it was a nice scent , actually .
in reality , she could barely concentrate - but as their bodies came together , the woodsy scent of his cologne and the feel of his chest cleared out some of the cobwebs .
the waft of flowery perfume and body lotion made her recoil as if it were a bad smell .
the air was cooler here , and he took some deep breaths , the lingering perfume and body oils from the working girls doing some kind of aromatherapy on him .
mary , oh , mary ... '' as sissy was encased in a hug , she smelled a faded perfume , and some kind of astringent , and felt ... well , mostly an incredible sense of support .
in fact , she became acutely aware of his body , his heft , his masculine scent .
the woman walked into the squalid room , her perfume covering up the sting of the bleach and the musty odor of the damp concrete walls .
as he made his way to the attic door and flipped the light switch at the bottom of the steep rise , his left leg was really lagging , and the scent of flowers depressed him to the point that he nearly decided to sleep on the stairwell .
breathing in , she smelled the most amazing bouquet of flowers , the scent a complex , multilayering of fragrance that put to shame those liner papers big - time .
the scent that rose to her nose was both earthy from the fifties - era concrete walls , and sweet from her fabric softener sheets .
it was when the scent of a bouquet of flowers filled the air , choking the inside of her nose and thickening the back of her throat .
her clean scent and the mole on the side of her neck and the fact that she had a wonky fingernail on the pinkie of her left hand .
taking a deep breath , her nose tingled at the choking scent in the basement : part ysatis by givenchy , paris by ysl , and chanel 's coco and chance eau tendre .
r and b bumped through hidden speakers and some kind of sultry , just - out - of - the - bath scent was thick in the air .
abruptly , another scent reached her nose ... it was that of a fresh field , as bright and clean and vivid as something that could be seen .
probably because the scent of tobacco was coming to remind her of him .
as she zipped up jim 's leather jacket , she breathed in the scent he 'd left behind on it ... and wondered how in the hell she was going to find him .
the sounds of his lover showering in the bath across the way , along with the spicy scent of hand - milled soap , were achingly familiar .
the car they were in was cramped and smelled like the woman 's perfume : sweet and spicy and cheap - shit , next time he was going to pick a volunteer with an suv or , better yet , a mercedes s550 with some proper space in the back .
and the scent that drifted over on the icy breeze indicated that she was very ready .
having had his lips against her pure skin , having looked into her luminous green eyes , having smelled her delicate scent , he was utterly uninterested in the well - used charms of that female in front of the fire .
to feel the warmth of his skin , to inhale his clean , masculine scent .
` ` i do n't care what it costs me ... . '' chapter twenty - seven looming over qhuinn , blay was preternaturally aware of everything around him : the feel of qhuinn 's hand on the back of his thigh , the way the hem of the robe brushed against his calf , the scent of sex thickening the air .
now her blood ran with fear , and as he inhaled the scent , he hardened .
god , he loved that scent of hers .
just as he prepared to lunge forth , his chosen 's scent reached him on the stiff , cold breeze , that tantalizing perfume unique to her causing him to weave in his combat boots - immediately , he recognized a change in it .
just as he prepared to lunge forth , his chosen 's scent reached him on the stiff , cold breeze , that tantalizing perfume unique to her causing him to weave in his combat boots - immediately , he recognized a change in it .
the stench was somewhere between three - day - old roadkill , spoiled mayonnaise , and denatured cheap perfume .
as he pushed his way into the kitchen , the scent of basil and onion , oregano and red wine , told him just how stressed iam was .
as his shellan cried a little , the fresh - rain scent of his beloved 's tears was like a knife in the chest - and he was not surprised at her reaction .
dressed in something black and lingerie - esque , she was ready for him , the heady scent of her arousal marking the air , although that was n't what got his lust going .
she smelled overdone : too much hand cream , body lotion , shampoo , conditioner , and perfume marking her body .
standing in the tiled room , with the scent of lysol disinfectant in his nose , and the lip of the counter he was leaning against biting into his ass ... he realized this was the moment he started to love his young .
her perfume so heavy it was like a slap in the sinuses - in spite of the fact that he was still outdoors .
in her wake , that perfume - maybe it was more than sprays from a single source , like a layering of all kinds of crap ?
as that scent of hers flared once again , he put his mouth back where it had been ... close , oh , so close .
v exhaled again , the scent of turkish tobacco filling the air and reminding blay exactly how many hours , minutes , and seconds it had been since he 'd last lit up himself .
as if that delicious scent did n't make it obvious .
as his parents wrapped their arms around him , he took a deep breath and became the child he had once been a lifetime ago : his father 's aftershave smelled the same , and his mother 's shampoo still reminded him of a summer night , and the scent of the baking lasagna in the oven teed off his hungry stomach .
and then , from out of nowhere , a dark spice wafted up , the scent - blay 's bonding scent - the single most beautiful thing that had ever been in his nose .
and then , from out of nowhere , a dark spice wafted up , the scent - blay 's bonding scent - the single most beautiful thing that had ever been in his nose .
but every night , he came to with his arms around blay , the guy 's bonding scent in his nose , that warm body right beside his own .
breathing in again , more of that fragrance entered his lungs , his blood , his soul - and it was not the oils she had been rubbed down with or the perfumes that had been applied to whatever clothed her form .
as the blonde complied , he quieted himself , the muffled thunder of the club 's bass beat drifting off , the smell of her too - heavy perfume abating , the pain in the center of his chest ... well , that stayed right where it was , but the rest of everything went on the dimmer switch .
he wanted to stand over the dying and breathe in the scent of the fresh blood and the pain .
like the rest of the house , everything was silent as a tomb , but as he hit the grand staircase , his chef 's nose picked up the subtle scents of first meal being cooked in the kitchen wing .
he seemed to roll his hips , and when he mumbled something she also could n't catch , she breathed deep - and , dearest virgin scribe , the scent that was poured of him was nothing short of ambrosia in the nose .
a flicking sound was followed by a scratch , and a moment later , the scent of turkish tobacco did away with most , if not all , of the bleachy ferment of oh , so many lysol moppings .
wrath breathed in deep , her scent more important than the oxygen that filled his lungs .
he felt as though the clarity of the remembrances should have been a door that he could go through and thereby take her hand , and smell her scent , and feel the lightness in the heart that came with health and well - being ... and pull her back to the present in that state .
breathing in her scent , his heart ached anew that any male had touched her other than with reverence .
as she opened her mouth , intending to apologize for her temerity and then take her leave - she took a deep inhale- the scent of his sexual arousal was strong as ever , and she frowned .
a sudden scent spiked in the air and she looked around , thinking of those cologne inserts that came in magazines .
however , as they came upon the kitchen , the glorious perfume of roasting onions and baking bread elevated all that .
but he could smell her - and that scent of hers .
her scent went right to his sex , his c**k kicking again , trying to get out .
there was some shuffling and suddenly , the scents in the room changed - so overwhelmingly , wrath recoiled .
smelled the scent of her disappointment .
i inhaled the warm scent of soap and the faint tang of metal that always clung to his clothes .
the scent of his cologne washed over me , and my knees went weak .
the scent of his cologne still lingered , something spicy and clean .
his muscles were solid against my side , and his scent wrapped around me , familiar and comforting .
only the sound of his breathing , his clean - laundry scent .
the scent of dying leaves filled the air , and a cool breeze caressed my cheeks .
a gust of wind lifted his hair , and i caught the scent of acrid smoke and chemicals .
he walked through the casino doors , inhaling the scent of credits and desperation .
give her the orange petals and delicate scent of a fleshy firecloud plant any day .
the heavy perfumes humans always wore made keva 's head ache and her sensitive skin itch .
their eyesight , their taste buds , and their olfactory senses were all highly evolved from a climate of consistent temperatures and delicate scents .
she focused on the feel of his warm fingers , the clean scent of his skin in the small space .
her breath warmed his ear , the sweet , floral scent of her perfume washing over him , and he closed his eyes against the surge of lust that spiked through his midsection .
her breath warmed his ear , the sweet , floral scent of her perfume washing over him , and he closed his eyes against the surge of lust that spiked through his midsection .
the scent of spices , hesperian wooden crates , and engine oil wove through the space like strands of silk .
the smoky , burnt - sugar scent of the drug reached her even from here .
his heart beat beneath her own , and the scent of his soap and skin wrapped around her in a wave of homesickness and longing .
she 'd stumbled then , too , and he 'd caught her against his chest , the same scent wrapping around her , making her feel safe .
she wrinkled her nose at the delicate perfume of rotting garbage that still clung to her clothes from staking out the cordoza compound earlier , along with the faint tang of her blood from jumping from the radiowing and her even more recent sweat .
he lowered his voice and leaned close enough that his scent washed over her again .
but when he 'd kissed her ... she stepped out of the ship and inhaled , the scent of dusty earth and starfuel washing over her and clearing her mind .
she 'd never get over the slightly sweet scent , the way it seemed to clog the very air , as if its mere presence was enough to contaminate it .
she inhaled deeply , letting his scent wash over her .
to the feel of his hands on her skin , to his scent wrapping around her .
blood splatters turned the walls into crimson rivers , and the rich metallic scent filled the air , mixing with the smell of the drugs .
he pulled her into a hug , and she inhaled his familiar scent of cedar and starfuel .
the two men flanked her , walking close enough that the scent of starch on their stiff gray uniforms tickled her nose .
she rested her head on his chest and took a deep breath , inhaling his scent .
his scent enveloped her - spearmint and spice and something sweet she could n't place .
it was a clean scent , one that reminded her of bright summer days .
a gust of wind blew down the street , bringing with it the arid scent of dust and smoke .
the drug that had destroyed renna 's childhood its burnt - sugar scent mingled with the copper stench of blood .
she inhaled a lungful of recycled air and the scent of the food from a hundred different cultures .
it even smelled like she remembered - dying grass , rusting metal , and the peculiar scent of decay from the river .
taking a deep breath , she 'd entered the stuffy bedroom , the burnt - sugar scent of clay still clinging to the bedclothes .
she loved being with him , loved the way his scent wrapped around her when they spent time together , and how safe he made her feel .
the light scent of his cologne wafts up gently , just enough to silently tempt me .
as my head touches his shoulder , i again breathe in the woodsy scent of him and wonder if he 's worth five - to - ten in a maximum - security prison .
i remember breathing in his scent .
i cuddle into him , my nose wedged under his jaw , breathing in his woodsy scent .
i buried my nose into his neck and breathed in the subtle scent of his cologne .
his arms wrapped around her soft , warm body as daric inhaled the tantalizing scent that belonged uniquely to his mate .
his nostrils flared as he breathed in her feminine , light floral scent , a fragrance that made his already hard c**k twitch and his heart hammer .
his denim - clad thigh slid between hers and she was dizzy from his masculine scent that assaulted her senses .
she crawled into her bed and breathed in the residual scent of liam with a small , happy smile before she fell into an uninterrupted slumber .
as regan 's hand got bolder and her nails lightly trailed through the dusting of hair on his chest , liam decided right then and there that he would rather deal with the backlash of killing a dozen fallen than with the light caresses and incredible scent of this one tiny woman .
he came willingly and eagerly , offering the side of his neck , which she nuzzled , breathing in his male scent .
he could smell her scent on his sheets and his chest ached .
i could smell the faintest hint of her perfume , it was obnoxiously heavy and i wanted to tell her that she should n't wear a perfume that was heavily marketed to someone her grandma 's age .
i could smell the faintest hint of her perfume , it was obnoxiously heavy and i wanted to tell her that she should n't wear a perfume that was heavily marketed to someone her grandma 's age .
she 'd grab me close to her and swing me around , and i 'd smell her perfume as i buried my face into her neck and she would take me to mcdonald 's for breakfast and i 'd show off to noah when we got back .
i stilled in anticipation as i smelled lucky 's perfume .
how i delighted in his musky masculine scent , i swear that his smell alone could turn me on .
i sniffed the t - shirt to see if i could smell his scent , but it smelled like fabric softener .
` ` you look very handsome tonight , '' i whispered into his ear while breathing in his delicious , manly scent .
lucky held me tight and i breathed in her scent .
her smile was part of my lips , her taste was a lingering sweetness on the tip of my tongue , her scent was in every inhale i took , and the tenderness of her voice was like music to my ears .
she held me close to her and i could smell the scent of the after - shower splash she used .
her scent filled my nose and her hair tickled my chest .
my nostrils expanded in ecstasy as i took in his scent and felt his warmth against me , warming me up .
her scent surrounded me , and she moaned against me as i kissed further down and took her breast in my mouth .
` ` your cheek is smooth to the touch , almost like silk or satin ; your lips are soft and plump and juicy and i could suck on them all day long ; your eyes are expressive and kind , framed by long lashes that taunt and haunt me ; your nose is cute as a button and warms me to your scent .
i took a deep breath and let the scent of the road take over my senses .
i sniffed the violet , but if it had a scent , it was lost in the smells surrounding us .
a vii would guarantee me riches beyond imagining , things that would make the perfumes and fruits and silks that were sold in the markets look like worthless trinkets instead of the treasures they were .
my mouth watered at the scent of seasoned beef that reminded me of nina 's cooking , but as i picked up my knife to begin cutting , i remembered that lila did n't eat red meat .
once i was sure she 'd stay warm , i wrapped my arms around her , inhaling her familiar scent .
i was still for a moment , too stunned to move , but when it finally sank in that she was here , healthy and glowing and my mother again , i threw my arms around her , hugging her tightly and inhaling her familiar scent .
i eyed the door , wondering what was wrong , but the scent of cocoa reached my nose and distracted me .
i breathed in her scent , apples and freesia , and hugged her tightly in return .
as i breathed in the heavenly scent , the tension in the air seemed to melt away .
i found another colorful f lower nestled in a grove , and i smiled faintly as i inhaled its cotton - candy scent and placed it in my pocket .
` ` i love you , '' i babbled , inhaling his scent .
she knelt beside me , radiating warmth and the scent of apples and freesia .
the air around us changed , the warm ocean breeze replaced with the stale scent of ancient rock .
she breathed in the scent of him , and burrowed deeper into his chest .
a slight breeze caressed her cheek , bringing with it the scents of the blooming gardens below .
he could smell the scent of her shampoo .
when she remembered the way he 'd kissed her - or even smelled his scent on the t - shirt that had still been warm from his body when she pulled it on - she felt a riot of butterflies in her stomach .
burying his face in her neck , he reveled in her musky scent , her silky feel .
she smiled as she held the perfume to her nose and breathed in the delicate scent .
preston could smell a woman 's perfume .
he breathed in the scent of her hair , still trying to reassure himself that she was alive .
caleb stood at the entrance to susan 's bedroom monday evening , surveying the clothes littering the floor , the perfume bottles and makeup strewn across the dresser , and her unmade bed .
the place smelled like the expensive perfume so typical of susan , which brought her back to him more clearly than he 'd remembered her so far , and caused worry to claw at his gut .
` ` i can still smell perfume in the air , as if she sprayed it last thing , and those panties look as though she just stepped out of them .
her fingers felt slim and dainty , and she was close enough that he could smell a hint of her perfume .
breathing in , she caught his slightly musky scent and liked it .
the moment he saw her , he 'd remembered the taste of her kiss and wanted to bury his face in her neck , let her surround him with her scent , the softness of her skin , the warmth of her heart ... . ` ` almost done , '' she called .
the slightly floral scent of madison 's perfume and the softness of her body beneath the baggy sweats she was wearing kick - started caleb 's libido .
the slightly floral scent of madison 's perfume and the softness of her body beneath the baggy sweats she was wearing kick - started caleb 's libido .
she crossed in front of him on her way to the kitchen , and he breathed deeply as he caught a whiff of her perfume .
she liked both scents .
but it did n't smell of perfume , like susan 's place , or feel - good food and crayons , like madison 's .
this scent was more ... musty .
leaning against his chest , she turned her face into his neck , comforted by the scent of him and the ease with which he bore her weight .
closing her eyes , she took a deep breath , reveling in the familiar scents of food , coffee , pine trees and wet leather .
he could smell the clean scent of her hair , feel the softness of her bare skin as she continued to sleep with her body curled into his side , and knew that he 'd gained more than a daughter last night .
she pressed her frozen nose into his neck and breathed in the scent of soap .
closing his eyes , he struggled to shut out the appealing scent of her hair , but it filled his nostrils every time he drew a breath .
they basked in the wake of her perfume for several seconds after she 'd left .
chapter nine that night , cierra lay in bed awake , staring up at the ceiling and breathing in the scent of pine , which pervaded the whole cabin since ken had brought the christmas tree inside .
a second later , she was facing tiffany wheeler , who was doused in the same perfume she 'd had on at the diner .
the scent was appealing but foreign enough to unnerve her .
the scent of his aftershave filled her nostrils , much stronger now that he was so close .
he closed his eyes , breathed in the scent of the forest .
he liked the feel of the heavy pile , the scent of lemon furniture polish that hung in the air .
the scent of her perfume clouded his ability to think .
the scent of her perfume clouded his ability to think .
pine and moist earth overpowered every other scent , and the forest behind the house created a deep and resounding quiet .
his warm breath carried the scent of spearmint gum .
tilting her head back , she stared up at the sky and breathed in the scent of pine .
he could smell her perfume from the other side of the counter .
the scent of his shampoo brought back the night she 'd pressed her face into his neck and breathed in the same scent she was enjoying now .
the scent of his shampoo brought back the night she 'd pressed her face into his neck and breathed in the same scent she was enjoying now .
trying to minimize the strength of the scent that lingered , isaac shoved the blankets off him .
the scent of the moist earth filled his nostrils .
like deodorant , soap and warm male- she 'd been burrowing closer but the moment she recognized those scents , she lifted her head and squinted in the light filtering through the blinds .
the welcome respite of sleep washed over her soon after , but she dreamed of her father 's funeral : the wooden coffin , the overpowering scent of roses , the aging church , the weed - strewn graveyard .
sandalwood and soap , mixed with a subtle , male scent , rose to rachel 's nostrils .
she breathed in the unique scent of brandy , horses and cologne and immediately recognized the earl of druridge .
the same scent had clung to the cloak he 'd loaned her .
he tried to shake off his disappointment , but the scent of her lingered , tantalizing him with the memory of how it had been to bed the strong - willed beauty he 'd admired since their first meeting at the bookshop .
he could even smell the soft , clean scent of her skin , taste the sweet fullness of her lips - lips that had once opened for him , responded to him , just like the rest of her had .
the scent of brandy clung to him , as did the scent of the outdoors , even though he 'd come to her room through his own .
the scent of brandy clung to him , as did the scent of the outdoors , even though he 'd come to her room through his own .
` ` there are ways to ... minimize the risk , '' he explained , closing his eyes and nuzzling her as he took in the musky scent .
he could smell several delectable scents drifting from the kitchen , and she 'd set a beautiful table .
it 's not like a flowery scent .
he was breathing deeply , enjoying the scent that was so uniquely her .
then he sat and listened to the caw of seagulls as he breathed in the briny scent of the beach .
cheyenne slipped into the warmth of the inn and was immediately enveloped by the scent of the expensive pine - and - mulberry potpourri they purchased to impress their guests .
she could smell the pine of the christmas tree and the cinnamon candles she liked to burn , but those scents hardly cloaked the stale , antiseptic stench of her mother 's sickness .
as he did , she breathed in the outdoorsy scent that clung to him .
her sister 's perfume was so strong it burned cheyenne 's nostrils .
* * * dylan 's room smelled slightly of cigarettes , but the scent of his cologne and his ... shampoo ? ... was much stronger .
sometimes he even thought he could smell her perfume .
it was a scent she associated with christmas .
leaning so close he could smell her perfume , he lowered his voice .
that scent reminded her of presley , but she knew it was n't presley smoking out here tonight .
it felt strange to smell the familiar scent of the cigarette smoke that lingered in her sister 's car and to wonder if she 'd ever see presley again .
so did the cool , moist air of autumn and the briny scent of the ocean .
the scent of damp wood and seaweed filled her nostrils .
simon breathed deep , enjoying the comforting scent of fresh - ground coffee as the door swept shut behind them .
tomica , the actress he 'd been paired with , had worn the same perfume as his mother , which made it revolting for him to kiss her .
as she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of warm male , she experienced a strange sense of satisfaction .
gail breathed deep , taking in the scents of motor oil , grease and gasoline that brought back her youth .
` ` you look great , '' he murmured , and pulled her into his arms long enough to breathe in her perfume and kiss her neck .
her perfume brought back myriad memories , both good and bad , but simon did n't feel the poignant emotions he 'd associated with that scent before .
her perfume brought back myriad memories , both good and bad , but simon did n't feel the poignant emotions he 'd associated with that scent before .
she recalled dancing with him as a sophomore , pressing her nose into his warm neck in an effort to remember his scent .
but the next thing she knew , she was facedown on his pillow , breathing in the scent that lingered there - the same scent that clung to his body - as his fingers massaged the tight muscles in her neck and shoulders .
but the next thing she knew , she was facedown on his pillow , breathing in the scent that lingered there - the same scent that clung to his body - as his fingers massaged the tight muscles in her neck and shoulders .
only a hint of her perfume remained .
she lit a vanilla - scented candle as she showed hunter around , but as far as he was concerned , the place had smelled great from the beginning , like fresh linens and a trace of madeline 's perfume .
madeline stepped closer and hunter could smell the perfume he 'd noticed in his room last night .
when she swung the door wide , the room 's musty scent hit them full force .
now that the door was shut , he could scarcely breathe for the strength of her perfume .
evidently , she applied scent as liberally as she did makeup .
closing her eyes , she buried her face in his neck , luxuriating in the masculine scent of his skin and hair .
allie could smell its sweet scent despite the rain .
the gardenia scent of her perfume lingered as she headed straight to the kitchen , which had been remodeled so that it opened directly into the living room .
the gardenia scent of her perfume lingered as she headed straight to the kitchen , which had been remodeled so that it opened directly into the living room .
the scent of coffee filled the room .
when she closed her eyes , she could still smell the scent of clay 's cologne and feel the strength of his arms around her , guiding her body in perfect rhythm with his .
the scent that greeted her reminded her of a funeral home .
yet last night , he 'd shared a bed with allie , felt her pliant body curl into his , breathed in the scent of her clean hair and soft skin -- and had n't so much as brushed his lips across her neck .
wrapping her arms around his neck , allie reveled in the scent and feel of him , in the heightened sensations only he could evoke -- until someone tried to open the door .
the complete innocence , even the scent of the child evoked a mixture of tenderness and hope that warred with the darker feelings that were far more familiar to clay .
the subtle masculine scent that lingered brought him back to her , made her remember that night at the cabin when he 'd held her naked against him .
but allie liked the scent of damp earth and confederate jasimine that embraced her at the farm .
he could smell her perfume , feel her breath on his face -- and knew he was n't strong enough to lie to her .
the next morning , allie perched on the edge of an old - fashioned wingback chair , breathing in the scent of lemon furniture polish while facing elaine , roger and joe vincelli in the elder vincellis ' living room .
the scent of dirt and lake water on the two sleeping boys made her smile .
breathing in the scent of their campfire , which lingered in her hair , he kissed the indentation below her ear while sliding a hand up her shirt .
the scent of pine needles and wet vegetation rose to his nostrils as he poked through the woods .
the scent of fresh - cut grass lingered on his clothes .
grace breathed in the scent of baby shampoo that lingered in teddy 's hair .
he could smell her perfume , feel her soft flesh against him .
the scent of coffee granules rose to sebastian 's nostrils as he tore open the packet of gourmet roast that had been sandwiched between the coffeemaker and the bathroom wall .
afraid she 'd never experience that scent again , at least not in such an intimate setting , she paused to appreciate it before the aroma of the food she carried in her picnic basket could overpower it .
another said , ` ` appealing vanilla scent . ''
she had the smell of rain on her , mingled with the perfume he 'd noticed the night before .
but it was easier to focus on the sights and scents surrounding her than on gloria , who was crying in her embrace .
he could smell jane 's perfume .
but as she pulled it off , she could n't help pausing for a few seconds to breathe in the masculine scent that lingered .
the scent of expensive perfume , colin 's favorite , mingled with the warm garlic bread she 'd pulled from the oven and the candles she 'd lit on the mantel .
frowning at him , zoe toweled off her hair , and the scent of shampoo reached his nostrils .
he could still smell her scent , still feel the silky texture of her skin against his lips ... . next to sheridan , zoe was the most beautiful woman he 'd ever seen .
at least her perfume improved the smell in the room .
the damp wool of his hunting shirt , combined with cigar smoke , made for a unique scent that lingered forever .
then there were some that , except for the pain , would n't have been bad at all : a rock - solid chest and sinewy arms cradling her , a soft bed and the same scent she 'd identified when she woke up a moment ago .
the yard smelled like warm earth , but a far less pleasant scent emanated from the kitchen , where cain discovered a brown - paper sack of groceries sitting on the counter .
it was the smell - a mixture of old furniture , new polish and the scent of roses wafting in from the open door behind her .
fifteen minutes later , the scent of carnations had become so oppressive sheridan could think only of jason 's funeral .
then she breathed deeply , taking in the reassuring scent of the man whose voice had created such desire on the phone last night , a scent she found oddly comforting .
then she breathed deeply , taking in the reassuring scent of the man whose voice had created such desire on the phone last night , a scent she found oddly comforting .
he wrinkled his nose at a peculiar scent in his kitchen .
enjoying the hot water and the scent she 'd added to make her bath a little more luxurious , skye sank deeper into the tub , careful not to get the headset attached to her ipod wet .
leaning to the right of the computer , he breathed in the scent of furniture polish as he reached for the handset .
she could smell the crushed autumn leaves on her children 's boots , the cool wet of the outdoors on their raincoats and umbrellas , the musty scent of their damp hair .
the scent of peppermint tea filled the air .
closing his eyes , he kissed her forehead , drinking in the scent and feel of her .
the scent of rich earth and pine filled her nostrils as she got out of her car .
the heat seemed to enhance the soaplike scent of his warm skin .
she loved the dappled sunshine and the scents she encountered up here , even the ones associated with gabe - especially the ones associated with gabe .
he only wore it when he went out on the weekends , but it was that particular scent that made her realize how soon he 'd be an adult .
she knew the salty taste of his skin , the woodsy scent of his body , the gentle play of his hands when he touched her in places only russ had touched her before .
the scent of good old - fashioned dirt lifted to his nostrils as brent climbed into his lap and , for the first time since the accident , gabe wondered what it would be like to have a son .
they created a dim , ethereal glow and gave off a comforting scent that helped dispel the dank odor of neglect .
rusty hinges protested as he poked his head inside , but a rich vanilla scent greeted him immediately .
the air smelled strongly of fresh pine , a scent that definitely had n't been there before .
the scent of her perfume as he moved past her evoked images of her silky skin beneath his lips .
the scent of her perfume as he moved past her evoked images of her silky skin beneath his lips .
the scent of cloves and cinnamon , as well as the crackling fire she 'd built the moment she saw mike 's escalade pass on his way to town , went a long way toward reminding her that this quiet , beautiful night was christmas eve .
mike breathed deeply , taking in the fresh clean scent of lucky 's hair .
as she dusted off the snow clinging to her pants , she could hear the horses , could smell the familiar scents of hay and manure .
she entered the kitchen with her hair up in the towel and booker 's sweats hanging loose on her body , trying to ignore his scent , which lingered on his clothes , and all the pleasant associations attached to it .
the appealing scent of booker 's warm body engulfed her .
the slight weight of troy matthew in her arms , bundled tight in delivery blankets , along with the sweet scent that clung to him , satisfied some deep inner craving .
the scent of leather , mingled with booker 's aftershave , distracted her as he moved closer .
katie could hear the clock ticking over the stove and smell the familiar scent of booker 's kitchen , and felt as though she 'd just come home .
she lit a couple of candles on the nightstand , and he recognized the slightly floral scent as the one that had been lingering in her room .
she accused , catching the scent of toothpaste on his breath .
rebecca tucked her hair behind her ears , and wondered if the perfume she 'd put on in the lobby was making her sick .
as rebecca moved past him , he caught a subtle whiff of her perfume , reminding him of that night she 'd massaged him at her house .
he 'd smelled the same scent on her sheets and pillows .
rebecca noticed the scent of his cologne right away and wondered why , after everything they 'd been through , she still liked it .
josh closed his eyes and thought of the night he 'd held her in his arms , tried to recapture her subtle scent .
liking the scent , he bent closer , giving her a brief kiss .
the scent of soap on conner 's skin and of his aftershave was strangely provocative , and she could easily imagine how good it would feel if he took her in his arms - only she did n't want it to be that good .
yet something as simple as the crackling fire beneath the large stone mantel in the living room , the lingering scent of pine and smoke or a glimpse of the snow - covered mountains crouched protectively on either side of the house flooded him with images and snatches of conversation he thought he 'd completely forgotten .
the first time conner had stood inside it , he 'd immediately compared the smell to the scent of moist , rich earth so prevalent in napa - and thought the place stunk to high heaven .
her perfume and the fragrance of the flowers instantly overcame the slight antiseptic odor that generally predominated in the hospital .
the house smelled of fresh - ground coffee and wood smoke , but there was a hint of delaney here , too - her perfume , perhaps - and it caught him by the throat .
ignoring her unspoken directive to leave the presents alone , he rifled through some red tissue paper to get to the perfume beneath .
after working for him for almost two months , she could easily single out his footfalls from the others , easily identify his outdoorsy scent , his breathing , his aura .
no scent of decay filled her nostrils , only the astringent smell of desert scrub , which grew between the wrecked car bodies and other odds and ends .
inhaling the warm night air , he closed his eyes to savor the unique scent of the yard - desert , metal , animals , residual cigarette smoke , motor oil .
the scent of cigar smoke clung to the cheap wooden paneling and brown shag carpet .
but this time it was as if he was standing in that hospital room ten years ago , smelling the sweet scent of a brand - new baby .
he could smell some sort of fruity lotion and liked the scent .
because of that scent of cigarette smoke , sophia agreed .
the very mention of it evoked the scent of engine grease and pine air freshener .
the fruity scent of the sunblock filled nate 's nostrils , along with the more astringent odor of the creosote bushes surrounding them .
ethan 's suit smelled of expensive cologne , which was n't a wholly unwelcome scent .
the scent was so strong she could barely breathe .
having smelled the same scent on ethan 's clothing a number of times , she connected it with him .
she loved the husky green scent of the fraser firs and the crinkle crunch of their shavings underfoot .
it still smelled like her : faded rose perfume , medicine , and dust , as though she 'd been drying out and crumbling away instead of dying of cancer .
the telltale scent of gingerbread hangs in the air like the promise of holiday cheer .
the air is heavy with the perfume of rain - dripped roses .
we 're greeted by the heavenly perfume of freshly printed text , and a youngish man with a trim beard gives us an amiable salut from behind the counter .
i breathe in his scent deeply , delirious with happiness .
and your rose - scented perfume .
i breathe deeply , inhaling his comforting scent .
the wind rustles , swirling the scent of pine around our temporary campsite .
its mahogany is polished , and it carries the scent of musk and wealth .
my bedroom smells uninhabited and clean , that vacant scent it carries whenever i come home from abroad .
she hugs me , and the comforting familiarity of her violet perfume keeps me in her arms , crying .
his scent was deep and musky , like an expensive cologne .
i took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of the fake ocean .
the perfume was strong enough to knock out cerberus , but at least it did n't smell like death .
i took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of nature even as a fist tightened around my heart .
flowers and herbs hung from the rafters , creating a dizzying scent , and everything was handcrafted , as if she 'd hired mortals to build it for her .
somewhere in the distance , birds chirped and a strong breeze rustled the trees , and the flowers hanging from the rafters of mother 's cottage filled the room with the most incredible scent .
flowers bloomed in the garden , a rainbow of colors and as fresh and new as the spring , and the scent of a summer day wafted through the air .
soon enough , a delicious scent wafted through the air , and even my mouth started to water .
it was n't the sort of rich fare he was used to , but there was something distinctly homey about the scent that wafted from his meal .
i could see his smile , feel his fingers laced through mine , and the scent of his soap drifted toward me , bringing me back to the happiest moments of my life .
she returns to my side holding a shift that bears the clean , crisp scent of lavender .
a sharp metallic tang hangs in the air and mixes with the scent of goose fat used for polishing the blades .
i am glad to be away from the smell of too many bodies and warring perfumes .
we both wrench our eyes away , and even though i am no longer looking at him , every part of me is aware of his proximity , of the faint heat coming off his body in the damp autumn air , of the scent of leather and whatever soap he washed with that morning .
an open decanter sits at his elbow , and the rich fruity scent of wine mixes with the lingering traces of madame hivern 's rose perfume .
an open decanter sits at his elbow , and the rich fruity scent of wine mixes with the lingering traces of madame hivern 's rose perfume .
i place my cheek along her neck , breathe in her familiar horsy scent .
a faint breeze rustles by , bearing the scent of sweet green grass and the sense of galloping into the wind .
duval 's presence still lingers , like the faintest trace of perfume , and my ankle still bears the memory of that touch .
the air is heavy with perfume , from the shy scent of violets and bold bouquet of roses to the subtler scents of vetiver and sandalwood .
the air is heavy with perfume , from the shy scent of violets and bold bouquet of roses to the subtler scents of vetiver and sandalwood .
the air is heavy with perfume , from the shy scent of violets and bold bouquet of roses to the subtler scents of vetiver and sandalwood .
the sharp metallic tang of my weapons is more welcome than the finest perfume .
the inside of the church is dark and damp and filled with the rich , smoky scent of incense .
oh , they are noble enough bodies , but ripe with sweat and perfume and unbridled anticipation .
i go to the window and throw it open , letting the cold , cleansing air rush in and chase away the cloying , sweet scent .
herbs hang from the ceiling , their sharp , peppery , sweet scents assailing my senses .
my hand does not move to my knife , for i now recognize his presence , a light , lingering chill and the faint scent of freshly turned earth .
the mingled scent of rose , civet , cloves , and ambergris hangs heavy in the air , and i feel the beating of a dozen hearts .
they hardly need any steering , for they are as exhausted as we and go eagerly to the scent of hay and the promise of rest .
there is a faint hiss as the hot metal warms the wine , and the scent of it fills the room .
at first , i hear a snuffling noise , as if some great creature has laid its snout near the ground to inhale all the ripe forest scents .
four quail are on a spit over the fire , and my mouth waters at the scent of roasting meat .
once he has left , i sneak a furtive sniff at my arm , just to be certain the scents of wood smoke and poorly tanned leather do not cling to me still .
my sense of smell is stronger , whether from the tears themselves or simply because i can not see , i do not know , but i find that helps me as well , the sharp pungent scent of the sap guiding me to the next tree , a mere four steps ahead .
his scent reaches me first : the rich clean scent of earth and spring leaves accompanied by the faint whiff of leather and horse .
when i enter the inn , i am engulfed by the scents of roasting meat , smoke , wine , and the fresh rushes on the floor .
inhaling her warm vanilla scent that i love into my memory , i pull her in and hug her tight .
i take a deep breath when i get a whiff of her perfume , i miss that smell .
i inhale deeply as the smell of her perfume swirls in the air around us .
i ' m lying downstairs on the couch instead of my bed because i ca n't stand to be in there with jaylinn 's scent still hanging onto my blankets and pillows .
the smell of her hair and perfume settle something deep inside .
his clean , citrus , warm musky scent from last night wraps around my body .
i 'd borrowed the sweatshirt countless times last year , taking it to bed with me so i could breathe in the warm , salty scent of calvin while i slept .
with an air kiss and a trail of perfume , aunt celia was off .
he breathed in the scent of oil , dust , and the tang of hot metal , trying to focus on the blurry memory struggling to surface .
they passed from plain to forest , and the air thickened with the scent of damp , growing things .
a musty scent hung in the air , but she was too tired to care .
now , he discerned the warmth of her scent all over zediah 's skin ... and vice versa .
i could taste the molasses , remember the scent of the kitchen while mom was baking .
he smelled incredible , so much that i surreptitiously rubbed my cheek against him , breathing in honey and shea butter along with the clean , cottony scent of his shirt .
instead , it was crisp air lightly touched by the scent of burning wood , spiced with insatiable longing .
i kissed the top of his head , breathing in the scent of warm boy , sunshine and orange jell - o .
the motion brought me a little too close ; i thumped against his chest and for a confused moment , i breathed in the clean scent of him , an incredible mix of wood shavings and wintry air .
i slipped my arms around his waist and hugged him , inhaling his rich , layered scent .
other guys might smell of expensive cologne , but he was all wood dust and the faint chemical scent of the product he used to seal the floors .
i breathed in his warm , delicious scent : cut wood , touch of clean sweat , along with the freshness of his soap .
usually the smell gave away the worst places , and this only gave off a musty scent , like a room that had been closed up too long .
they 'd moved all the flowers from the funeral home , arrayed them around the coffin , so the breeze hit me in the face with the scent of sweet decay .
my heart thumped away as he got closer , close enough for me to smell the clean scent of skin , freshly washed with castile soap .
his scent was clean but earthy , a hint of gas and engine oil , plus the bright lemony scent of his soap .
his scent was clean but earthy , a hint of gas and engine oil , plus the bright lemony scent of his soap .
the delicious scent of him rose to my nostrils , and his body heat could ' ve burned me alive .
her scent dripped over me like nectar , and she was still shuddering with tiny convulsions .
the scent of sex and a delicious musky cologne filled the air .
her sweet scent carried on the ocean breeze and tangled me in its spell .
i 'd never enjoyed o**l s*x , but james was different - from his clean , ocean scent , to his spicy taste that danced over my tongue .
her musky scent ripped through my senses and my sanity .
she snorted and guided me into the kitchen , where the scent of tomato soup on the stove made my mouth water .
i inhaled her scent , kissed the red mark i had left on her throat as she shivered and quaked around me as she reached her own pinnacle of release .
i felt a hot breeze move some of my hair off of where it was sticking to my neck and the sweet scent of the flowers floated up into my nose .
he smelled like lingering cigarette smoke and cheap perfume from the half - naked girl who had dry - humped him .
he leaned into me , the chlorine scent of his skin slipping over my body .
but it feels good and i still have the scent from bruce wayne lingering in my nose .
it 's the deeply masculine smell of someone who has got his big arms wrapped around you so you are wallowing in his scent .
the scent of delicious peppers , ginger , and garlic trails behind him , and i follow like a puppy .
there 's something wonderful about having him surround me like this , of breathing in his scent and feeling him swell in my mouth .
and the lemon scent makes me think of how great the morning started with ian heavy between my legs before i came out here to this quiet family neighborhood and got the crap beaten out of me .
dropping my head to her neck , i breathe in the scent of her warm , aroused body .
the air is filled with the musky scent of my ejaculate .
dipping my face into her warm neck , i take a deep breath of her special scent - a blend of lemon body wash and her own personal aroma .
leaning down , i inhale the lemon scent of tiny and all the shit of the day drifts away .
i take my time , though , nuzzling her thighs and enjoying her spicy scent .
twelve surging up to cover her body with mine , the scent of her clings to my unshaven cheeks .
when i breathe , it 's her scent in my nose .
i dip down to kiss the top of her head , the scent of lemon shampoo tickling my nostrils .
the delicate curve of her neck calls to me , and i bury my nose there , inhaling her sweet scent .
i lean in , catching her scent .
then i catch the faintest scent of strawberries and relax .
sunlight is flowing in through the massive windows of the kitchen , and i detect the scent of freshly baked cake in the air .
i tense from her touch , momentarily forgetting how to breathe as her scent immerses me .
her hair smells amazing , like strawberries with a hint of perfume .
the intoxicating vanilla scent of her is almost enough to fade my problems away .
the scent of him is intoxicating , adding intensity to the moment as my thoughts drift to all the times we ' ve spent exactly like this .
wandering into the kitchen , i inhale the apple pie scent .
i can barely form words because her vanilla scent is overpowering all of my senses , drowning me with an emotion that terrifies me .
the air smelled like salt and water and all the scents of the ocean ... we spent all afternoon collecting seashells and building sand castles . ''
things used to be less complicated when something as simple as her scent did n't send my senses off into a mad frenzy .
but i detect the slightest scent of alcohol on her breath and stop myself from doing the irreversible .
i breathe in the comforting scent of him - cologne mixed with mint and something else that only belongs to micha .
her hair smells like rain , and i inhale the delicious scent , branding it into my mind , branding this moment into my mind forever .
chapter 12 ella the morning after micha talked me down from the bridge , i wake up in my bed with the soft scent of his cologne filling my heart .
moments later , the scent of cologne and cigarettes grace my nostrils .
her lips are only inches away from mine , her eyes are shining brightly , and she smells like perfume mixed with cigarette smoke , a scent that annoyed me at first but now i love it because it belongs to her .
her lips are only inches away from mine , her eyes are shining brightly , and she smells like perfume mixed with cigarette smoke , a scent that annoyed me at first but now i love it because it belongs to her .
i can smell the pungent scent of weed and his eyes are a little red .
i shut my eyes and savor the scent of freedom in the air .
our foreheads touch and i can smell the scent of her , vanilla mixed with a hint of perfume .
our foreheads touch and i can smell the scent of her , vanilla mixed with a hint of perfume .
but dear god i want to kiss her , just to get a small taste of the life flowing off her , to feel her , breathe in her warm scent .
i plop down on one of the stools around the island , prop my elbow on the counter , and rest my chin in my hand , breathing in the scent of pancakes .
still , i climb up on the hood with him and take a swallow of soda as the scent of cigarette smoke encircles me .
as soon as the scent and warmth of her reaches me , i know that it 's nova .
when i walk into the house , it smells of vanilla , the scent flowing from a candle burning on the kitchen countertop .
when i get to my apartment , i stick my head in , instantly catching a scent of cigarettes .
my lips part and my eyes widen as he snakes his arms around me , the scent of cigarette smoke and his cologne surrounding me .
i step into the room and breathe in the warm air and faint scent of cookies flowing from the kitchen .
marcus is chatting about something , but i barely hear him because i ' m too distracted by the way my mind and body are reacting to the pungent scent flowing up the stairway .
there 's a candle burning , a soothing lavender scent , but it does nothing to settle the restlessness inside me .
how she 'd feel ... the scent of her ... how she 'd taste .
i shut my eyes and breathe in the her scent .
her vanilla scent floods my body and i ca n't help it , i brush my lips across the side of her head .
it 's an unfamiliar yet wonderfully welcoming smell and i breathe the delicious scent in .
smell the delicious scent of his cologne .
the bitter scent of tequila flows off her breath and i know i ' m in for a world of hurt .
but jax wanders in from outside , bringing in the faint scent of cigarette smoke with him .
her back presses against my chest and the vanilla scent of her immediately overwhelms me .
but , now she 's here , sitting on my lap , and the scent of her is so intoxicating i can barely think .
` ` i ca n't calm down , '' i tell her with a sigh , flinching when i get a whiff of that stale hospital scent .
as he embraces me tighter , i naturally give in to his pull , allowing his warmth and scent to encompass and immerse me .
the second i say it though i catch the scent of vodka , cigarettes , and cologne ; a scent that i ' m very familiar with .
the second i say it though i catch the scent of vodka , cigarettes , and cologne ; a scent that i ' m very familiar with .
i fight the compulsion to shut my eyes and breathe in her scent , instead waving her off .
` ` too risky , '' i tell her , breathing in her sweet scent and hoping i ' m doing it discretely .
sighing , i cross the room and crouch down in front of her , trying to ignore her near nakedness and the scent flowing off her , something fruity that makes me want to taste her .
i pull her closer against me and breathe in her scent ; something vanilla with a hint of perfume that makes me briefly shut my eyes and get lost .
i pull her closer against me and breathe in her scent ; something vanilla with a hint of perfume that makes me briefly shut my eyes and get lost .
i ' m wearing one of luke 's t - shirts , the scent of him overwhelming my nostrils in the best way possible and for a moment , everything is okay .
i kiss her head , shut my eyes , and inhale her scent .
' i have gym scent . '
i open the menu while luke places a kiss on my bare shoulder , momentarily shutting his eyes as if relishing my scent .
i do n't mind , though , the scent of him is absolutely amazing , like soap and cologne with just the barest hit of cigarette smoke .
all my focus is on her , the amazing taste of her , the incredible scent of her skin and feel of the heat of her body .
at least he smells like he did , the fresh scent of soap surrounding me as he pulls me in for a hug .
she leans over me to set the soda on the nightstand and i breathe in the scent of her hair , strawberries with a hint of vanilla .
before i can see her reaction , which i ' m sure is filled with disgust , i lower my head onto her shoulder and breathe in her comforting scent .
i slip my arms through the sleeves and breathe the musky scent of his cologne .
i breathe in that fresh home scent as i shut the door behind me .
i drape my arm around her and comb my fingers through her hair that still has the faintest scent of the ocean .
a dream smell , a memory , a scent they could n't quite make out .
it was always this way with the two of us , and the anticipation of seeing him , touching him , taking in his scent was almost as powerful as the feeling that washed over my body the moment he emerged from the forest , clothed in shorts and a t - shirt that did n't quite fit .
my body knew what it was doing better than i did , and the scents i took in with each step were rich and familiar : damp soil and dew , cedar and cinnamon .
through the heavy scent of homemade gravy and pies baking in the oven , i could n't even pick casey 's scent out of the crowd 's , but what i was feeling now had nothing to do with the five senses and everything to do with my psychic bond to the pack .
i breathed in deeply through my nose , banishing lucas 's scent with theirs and reminding myself that , alpha or not , i was n't in this alone .
devon said his name before i could process the scents or let the warmth of his presence wash over me , and i followed my friend 's gaze out past the parking lot , to the line of trees that marked the spot where forest gave way to the town .
chase nodded , breathed in my scent .
i listened to his heart beating in his chest , and burrowed in closer , surrounding myself with the warmth of his body , the scent of his skin .
the low hum of the others ' minds gave way to lucas 's as a familiar scent filled the air .
he just held me , and i breathed in his scent .
i followed her orders to a t and then walked into the kitchen , following the sound of ali 's voice and the scent of cooking food .
it was n't callum 's wolf that had flooded the room with a foreign scent , and it was n't callum who 'd put the haunted expression - empty and clear - in chase 's eyes .
blood pooled at her - my - mouth , and the scent was tantalizing .
i wondered if i smelled like home , and if she could make out the faint scent of blood from my bruises .
i cleared my mind until chase 's scent filled my nose .
chase 's scent enveloped me , and as i breathed it in and out and felt his presence all around me , i lost myself to the pull of his psyche at the edges of mine .
their scents flooded chase 's senses , making it hard for him to concentrate on anything else .
i averted my eyes , turning my body into his , and i breathed in his scent , which smelled to me like safety and home .
he closed his eyes and breathed in her soft , sweet scent - sunscreen and cinnamon - and then he reached down and placed his hands on either side of her neck .
i memorized the musky scent of his skin and the way he felt against my fingers .
she smelled like the hotel soap , but even the familiar scent made my mouth water being on her skin .
she hugged me and i wrapped my arms around her , taking in the familiar scent of how her hair had smelled for as long as i could remember .
the familiar smell of her perfume filled my lungs and i smiled realizing that there were so many little things that i loved about her .
the room filled with the scent of hazelnut coffee .
oh my god he was built like a model and my nostrils filled with the sweet scent of him .
i wrapped my arms around his little body and took in his scent .
i smelled her perfume even before i glanced away from my xbox game to greet her .
her face was so close to mine that i breathed in her sweet scent again .
i could still smell her sweet perfume .
i tried not to be obvious about checking him out , but as he caught my eye , i caught the scent of his cologne .
between the smell of women 's perfume and booze , i wanted to gag .
danica started passing the salad bowl and i could n't help but take in the delicious scent of the sour beef and dumplings .
he kissed my lips and the scent of me lingered on them .
i closed my eyes and took in her lingering scent before leaving the area .
right away , i recognized the smell of her perfume .
i put my lips up to her ear , taking in the scent of her skin as i spoke .
i kissed her head and smelled the shampoo scent that lingered on her hair .
i took in the scent of her hair , smelling my shampoo that reminded me of her being in my shower .
even before they reached my mouth , i could smell the familiar honeysuckled scent .
her scent was my aphrodisiac and i had to feast on her before i did anything else .
hell , i even smelled my fingers hoping to still have her scent on me .
i 'd memorized the way she tasted months ago , so as i grabbed her and pulled her on top of me , i started to smell her musky scent and went for it .
i closed my eyes and took in the familiar scent of him .
as i entered his bathroom , i could already smell the scent of his shampoo .
he held the door while i walked in , smelling the scent of his soap from a shower .
the familiar scent of his skin reminded me of how much i 'd missed it .
i took in his scent and immediately thought about having to say goodbye to him for real .
her skin , such a familiar scent , filled my nostrils .
i took a deep breath and kissed the top of her head , taking in the scent of her shampoo as i did it .
my fingers stroked the silken fabric of the dress , and i breathed in , almost imagining that i could smell the sweet , soft lilac perfume that my mom had always worn .
cedar and juniper trees covered with twinkling white lights clustered together in groups in the lobby , the fragrant scent of their needles mixing with the sweet smoke from the fire .
every once in a while , i got a whiff of the sugar and spices that had flavored the air earlier in the day , although now , the smel s of perfume , beer , and smoke overpowered them .
so close that i could smel his faint , spicy scent .
her clothes , her books , her jewelry , even her makeup and a bottle of her favorite lilac perfume .
the overpowering scent of the black and blood - red petals permeated the air , making me gag , but i kept scanning the area .
an acrid stench filled the air , like sulfur mixed with some sort of flowery perfume .
i got in line and breathed in , enjoying the rich , dark aroma of the hot espresso mixed with the softer scents of chocolate , vanilla , and cinnamon that flavored the air .
suddenly , a scent filled my nose - a light , floral scent that was somehow sweet , sharp , and crisp all at the same time ...
suddenly , a scent filled my nose - a light , floral scent that was somehow sweet , sharp , and crisp all at the same time ...
i shook my head , and the sights , sounds , and scents vanished .
the sharp tang of the trees ' sap permeated the air , mixing with the crisp scent of the snow .
perhaps the most amazing thing was the scent - a sweet , sharp , crisp aroma that made me think of flowers and water and snow and wind all at the same time .
petals whipped through the air at our frantic movements , and the crisp scent of the flowers took on a thick , coppery stench as blood spattered onto the blossoms from the nicks and cuts vivian and i were able to inflict on each other .
i 'd expected the water to have a sour , sulfur stench , but instead it smelled light and floral , with a fresh , clean , almost vanilla scent .
perhaps it was my imagination , but i almost thought i could smell the same thing she did - the sweet scents of the flowers mixing with the cold crispness of the snow .
the old , worn pages crackled as he slowly turned them , and a faint , musty odor drifted up from the book , one that reminded me of the soft scent that always seemed to cling to the corners of the deepest part of the stacks on the main library floor .
i drew in a deep breath , enjoying the scents of butter , sugar , and melted chocolate that filled the air , along with a hint of spicy cinnamon and sweet vanilla swirled together .
she made homemade bread and the house was filled with the scent of yeast and garlic .
i closed my eyes and took in the scent of the ocean .
i took in the scent of her shampoo in her hair , and the way her smooth skin felt when i caressed it .
although mark was still talking , i was picturing her rolling around in my sheets taking in my manly scent .
i wiped my face with the back of my hand , not wanting the scent to linger for longer than it should have .
the warm air hit him full force , with the delicious scents of garlic , tomato , and fresh bread .
laughter and easy conversation drifted around him , along with the musky scent of perfume and something stronger .
laughter and easy conversation drifted around him , along with the musky scent of perfume and something stronger .
he 'd liked the scent at home , but now he felt lost in the piney , woodsy tones it promised on the label .
her lips held just a touch of glossy moisture , and his nostrils kicked in at the scent of sandalwood and cinnamon .
` ` it 's proven women are susceptible to the emotional power of scents .
instead , his natural male scent rose to her nostrils and swarmed her senses .
she caught the scent of mint , soap , and rich chocolate .
no matter how hard he tried , the dance slipped away from him , always out of his grasp , leaving only the raw tempo of music , the scent of sweat , and the stamp of feet on the bare floors .
the scent of male sweat , cotton , and a hint of musk hit her nostrils .
he smelled her excitement , that delicious musky , spicy scent that roared in his blood and made him crazed to drag her into his bedroom and explore every naked , wet , hot inch of her .
a musty scent drifted upward .
his natural scent swarmed over her and wrapped her in spice , soap , and lemon .
his distinct scent hit her nostrils , and she fought the urge to bury her face into his chest and breathe in deep .
her scent swarmed him , a touch of tangerine and sandalwood that made his mouth water .
he leaned in , got a whiff of her heady scent , and cupped her cheeks .
even her scent was subtle , a hint of lavender drifting from her skin .
sleeping in his bedroom , her head on his pillow , her scent soaking into the sheets .
his taste and scent swamped her senses , and she hung on for the ride , already under his spell and seeing no need to fight it .
his skin was warm and slightly damp , and the musky scent of man and sex rose to her nostrils .
the scent of freshness and a variety of herbs , all mixed up .
the wine trickled down her throat , heavy and ripe , the scent of blackberries drifting to her nostrils and soaking her mouth .
his thumb coaxed the hard nub of clit to come out and play , and his fingers danced and massaged over her core , until the fabric was wet and full of her scent .
his warmth and scent wrapped around her and provided comfort .
she thought she might faint if she caught sight of the steak , so she made a battle plan to stay outside where the air neutralized all those wonderful scents .
she breathed in the scent of ginger and sandalwood and reminded herself this was the right move .
the scent of soap and sex and citrus drifted to her nostrils .
her mind jumped with confusion , but the heavenly scent of butter and cocoa drifted up , and suddenly she could n't care less what the conversation was about .
her laugh , scent , walk .
he actually smelled her , the scent of bare skin and arousal , spice and musk , and all woman .
once my awful shower is done , i towel off , trying to ignore the fact that the towel smells like someone else 's perfume .
i slide my nose along the tense chords of his neck , aroused by the scent of him .
his skin is slick with sweat , and my nostrils are filled with his warm , delicious scent .
i shiver and burrow my face into his neck , breathing in his sweaty scent .
i nod , inhaling his scent and clinging to him , my arms around his neck .
i inhale daniel 's scent , trying to drown out the smell of burnt flesh , and hide my face against him , letting him be the tough one here .
callum leaned in closer , until i could smell the fresh scent of his skin .
the fresh night air , mixed with the perfume of rotting trash .
the pure air of the rico was gone , the scent of flowers and grass just a memory .
i slip into his shirt and his scent and warmth engulf me as i watch him ease into his damp turtleneck , and it 's with complete disbelief that i walk out of the room with him , with this beautiful god , feeling his gloved hand on the small of my back , guiding me to the elevator , his eyes studying my profile with an odd smile .
his spicy , comforting scent is like a drug , and i ca n't help but take deeper , more conscious breaths of him .
i flinch and retreat a step when i see his frightening expression , but he yanks me tighter against him , the scent of sweat and cigarettes mingling in his breath as he repeats , looking down at me with red - rimmed eyes , ` ` i said you 're not excused , bitch . ''
she nuzzles my throat and takes a deep breath as if she craves my scent .
she smells so f**king sweet and juicy i want to bury my nose and find the source of her scent .
his scent fills me like a warmth curling in my tummy as he hikes my skirt up to my waist to expose my lacy black thong .
i smell him on the coat he put on me , and in the scent of his hair , and on his skin .
i close my eyes as his heat envelops me , his scent , him .
the scent of her lingers somehow .
the salty scents of recent rain and damp cement and grass reach my nostrils .
his scents .
this sound , this smell ... they remind me of lazy saturday mornings reading the paper with my dad , his cologne scent engulfing me .
but while it lasted , we hid in the janitor 's closet in school and made out until i could hardly walk , my legs unsteady as i headed for class with his taste in my mouth , the scent of his soap clinging to my clothes .
a flick and the scent of tobacco filters through my daze , and i angle my head to see the tip of a cigarette glowing in the dark as he gives it a hit .
his scent reaches me , and it annoys me that i sound breathless - even if i have been fucked ten ways to sunday already .
the scent of sea salt , crawfish , beer , and sweat mingle to create a very distinct aroma .
the scent of damp and mildew intensified as she went down .
he was so close that he was touching her at shoulder and thigh , so close that she was stirred by his scent .
the scent of smoke laced with a strong , acrid - sweet herb drifted around her .
there was an herbal scent to it that i did n't recognize .
it roiled through the room , filling the small space with a familiar herbal scent .
he slid under the covers next to her , cradling her in his arms to inhale her sweet scent .
the warm , silken breeze carried the twin scents of jet fuel and the light mist that was sweeping down from the mountains .
he was aware of the wild , intoxicating scents and the soft sounds of the desert night in a way that he would not have been if he were to close down the parasensitive side of himself .
the scent of herbal tea wafted through the air .
the sweet scents , the perfect temperature with the promise of the heat to come , the exotic light , all combined to give her an odd , thrilling rush of awareness .
no heavy perfume .
he parted her with his fingers and kissed her intimately , absorbing the heady scent and taste of her body .
along with it came a more intriguing scent .
a dark , earthy perfume of freshly cut flowers , potted plants and decaying foliage assailed her senses .
like some subtle , exotic perfume , it aroused him and stirred the hair on the back of his neck in a very intimate way .
she leaned against him , inhaling the scent of his body and absorbing his strength .
i smelled the different alcohols as the bartenders poured them , the myriad of other people 's scents mixed with different perfumes , after shaves , and the tang of blood .
i smelled the different alcohols as the bartenders poured them , the myriad of other people 's scents mixed with different perfumes , after shaves , and the tang of blood .
an odd scent nipped at my nostrils , a thick , slightly bitter herbal odor .
the herbal scent grew stronger now , as if i 'd taken a handful of absinthe wormwood and stuck it up my nose .
his nostrils flared a little as he inhaled , sampling the scents .
the faint scent of vanilla teased her .
the scent of rotting seaweed enveloped her .
he inhaled the secret scent until he could no longer think clearly .
the wind was picking up , bringing with it the unmistakable scent of rain off the sea .
winston was stretched out at the top of the steps , his paws dangling over the edge , ears and nose angled to take in the sounds and scents of the night .
she turned her face against his chest , savoring the scent of his body and the strength of his arms .
the recent rains had released rich scents from the ground .
the taste of her skin and the herbal fragrance of her hair combined into an intoxicating perfume .
he moved down her body with his mouth , going lower until her scent enveloped him .
a familiar , faint scent of grapefruit oil in the oil warmer floated to me .
the moment i stepped into the hallway , the scent of freshly baked biscuits , barbecue sauce , and spicy meat swirled around me .
i pulled my shoes off and let the scent carry me into the kitchen .
the air smelled of moisture , that unmistakable wetlands scent of mud and water plants .
a faint scent of cinnamon floated into the air .
and i loved the scent , the delicate , fresh , slightly spicy fragrance .
the air smelled like flowers , a delicate but slightly spicy scent promising wondrous things .
this was a magical thing that could happen only once , so i stood there , breathed in the scent , and let myself dream .
i smelled a hint of sandalwood and vetiver , mixed with an almost harsh , peppery scent .
he wanted to absorb every detail , from her fascinating eyes to the warmth of her voice and the subtle scent of her body .
the tantalizing scent of her body and the faint , herbal fragrance of her hair were addictive .
the scent of spent passion lingered in the atmosphere .
the mineral scent filled her nostrils .
her sweet scent relaxed something inside him that had been wound too tightly for the past few hours .
he prowled slowly down her body , inhaling her intoxicating scent as he drew closer and closer to his goal .
deliberately he deepened the intimate kiss , reveling in her earthy , feminine taste and scent .
the primitive part of him always took satisfaction in the combination of scents that hovered in the air after he had made love to verity .
there was a faint , smoky scent on the wool .
jonas inhaled the spicy , feminine scent of her arousal and thought he would go into orbit .
jonas relaxed deeply , enjoying the scent of her hair and the way the curls tickled his nostrils .
the spicy scent of her grew stronger in his nostrils , inflaming him .
he could still remember her scent : the light clean fragrance of soap mixing with the faint rosemary from her dark hair .
she clutched him , savoring his scent and the hard feel of his unyielding body .
the light breeze stirred the leaves and carried the scents of the woods .
she struggled with the buttons of his shirt , inhaling his scent as she worked .
there was no telltale scent of alcohol in the atmosphere .
familiar scent .
the same scent i smelled years ago , when i had no place to go and mahon told me i had a home .
the musky , warm scent of his body was intoxicating and the^ ; ^roughness of his unshaven cheek made her twist with a new kind of restlessness .
honor found herself relaxing against him , her head nestled on his shoulder and the warm , masculine scent of him filling her nostrils .
gryph inhaled deeply , bathing his senses in the sweet herbal scent of it .
there was another scent mingled with the sweet herbs .
warm , fragrant smells filled the air near the food booths and more acrid , earthy scents emanated from the animal stalls .
the night wind brought a mixture of scents to my tongue .
the draft brought another whiff of her scent .
she stretched a little and nestled against him , inhaling the musky scent of his body .
she remembered the unique scent of the muddy water .
formal swirls of flowering plants added color and scent to the perfectly designed scene .
it carried the warmth and scent of his body .
her scent was more intoxicating than any drug .
she realized that she was inhaling the fresh , clean scents of the desert night , not air - conditioning .
her light perfume teased his senses , making him think of warm nights on the beach , tropical drinks , and light laughter .
regan leaned closer , her expensive perfume wafting over .
she smelled like vanilla and some sort of flower perfume , just as he remembered .
the air smelled different , though : still dove and him but , also , the round warm scent of vanilla .
so close he could smell the soft scent of her perfume .
so close he could smell the soft scent of her perfume .
her rose - scented perfume filled his senses more completely than the evening 's july heat , and he knew he did n't want to let her leave just yet .
he cupped her cheek and stepped closer , breathing in her intoxicating scent , his other palm cupping her hip and tugging her closer .
he moved even closer , bending his head to inhale her fresh scent .
would he ever be able to smell her perfume again without immediately thinking of her ?
the scent of the flowers in his hand mixed with the scent of hair gel and cologne .
the scent of the flowers in his hand mixed with the scent of hair gel and cologne .
he reached for the vodka cranberry and his woodsy scent teased her senses .
buried in layers of red curly hair , and the familiar scent of chanel perfume , her mother hugged kayla tightly .
buried in layers of red curly hair , and the familiar scent of chanel perfume , her mother hugged kayla tightly .
he buried his face in her neck , inhaling her sweet scent .
she inhaled the scent of the freshly stained mahogany wood cabinets topped with gleaming amber granite .
he grinned as she took them from his hand and brought them to her nose to inhale their fragrant scent .
he rested his cheek on her hair and inhaled her lavender - and - sunshine scent so hungrily it gnawed at him like a monster .
she glared at her sister as she clutched the shirt to her chest and fought the urge to bring it to her nose to inhale isaac 's scent .
she shuddered and buried her face against his chest , inhaling his scent in a plea for sanity .
she laid her head on his chest and breathed in the scent of his skin .
he breathed in her scent and moaned .
the scent of eggs cooking teased her nose , and her stomach growled in eagerness .
he strained to catch sabrina 's presence : her perfume , her shampoo , anything .
he pressed his lips to her forehead , savoring her scent , then pulled back .
normally , the cold breeze and invigorating scent of the ocean would soothe his nerves and make his brain work out whatever was bothering him at the time .
he remembered the scent of the garden : the soft musk of the roses , the damp coolness of freshly turned earth , the trace of his mother 's perfume and sweat .
he remembered the scent of the garden : the soft musk of the roses , the damp coolness of freshly turned earth , the trace of his mother 's perfume and sweat .
the scents of watermelon shampoo and baby wash wafted up to him .
the bed was too big for her , and full of tony 's scent .
she 'd promised the girl a trip to the park today , and if rebecca lingered in bed any longer she 'd be tempted to wrap herself up in the fading traces of tony 's scent and go right back to sleep .
he could almost smell the scent of her hair now , if he strained hard enough .
that was the only warning before suddenly she was pressed so close against him , her soft scent stealing over him , her warm arms wrapped around his neck .
just misty 's fresh scent , overlaid with the flowers she worked with all the time .
the scents conjured up her sultry voice , her uninhibited laughter , her soft face , and brown eyes that went shiny when she looked at him sometimes .
the images , sounds , and scents of her woke up graham 's needs too .
heat made scents brighter .
stale cigarette smells overlaid those scents , ashtrays overflowing .
a scent graham could wrap around himself until everything bad went away .
misty 's scent was even better than the flowers ' , her soft body under his worth every second of his agony .
he rocked her there , kissing her hair , drowning himself in her warmth and scent .
he inhaled , the hot nevada wind easily carrying to him graham 's scent and everything he 'd done with misty .
graham waited until the lupines had faded into the darkness , their scents growing fainter .
and dougal 's and misty 's scents .
her scent filled him , her honey - spice that was even stronger after last night 's intimacy .
she 'd bathed , but if she thought rubbing herself with the soap he used every day made her scent more distant , she was wrong .
` ` what distracts me is seeing you around , with your gorgeous legs , and your lips i want to suck on , and your scent driving me wild .
the scents of cinnamon and sugar , syrup and frying pancakes lingered in the room .
the mouthwatering scent of food and the feeling of graham twined together , one layering over the other .
graham reveled in it now , closing his eyes and drawing in misty 's scent .
a black , glassy obsidian floor swallowed up the dirt one , the trickle of the fountain pounded into graham 's brain , and flowering vines flowed toward him , their scents strong .
the pungent scent of rosemary mixed with the heady odor of roses as misty worked .
in the blaze of petals and scent - rose , violet , rosemary , forget - me - not - misty reached out and latched her hand around dougal 's wrist .
but scents and color lingered .
misty was in a cave with a smooth black floor , covered in vines of colorful flowers , their scents so strong they were sickening .
richard shut his mind off , soaped up the sponge , and scrubbed himself until he could detect no odors other then the crisp , spicy scent of soap .
she smelled the light scent of soap emanating from his hair and skin , a hint of spice and citrus .
she has to get used to your scent and your delicious apples before she 'll let you put the bridle on her .
the scent of lavender that always floated around her .
it smells like the dead woman 's perfume - i can scent it from here .
she remembered his scent as he wrapped his arm around her , the smell of sweat and smoke and sandalwood , a rich , smooth , earthy , powerful redolence that took her to places she had no business going .
she caught a hint of the same scent she remembered from last night , a rich , slightly spicy sandalwood mixed with smoke .
he smelled the delicate scent of citrus from her damp locks .
` ` that much perfume and pollen mixing together , it 's a wonder the lot of us have n't collapsed from breathing it in .
roses bloomed on both sides of the path , pink , dark red , and cream , their velvet petals sending a refined perfume into the air .
she breathed in jace 's scent , wrinkling her nose , clearly wondering who he was .
she swung to jace , his scent filling her , his strength calling to her .
he had a musky male scent , a little wild , like the woods on a moonlit night .
he was leaning close , his body heat wrapping around her , his scent relaxing the tightness inside her .
then his nostrils widened , taking in her scent combined with jace 's .
jace 's heart still thrummed from the kiss - deni 's taste , her scent , the warmth of her body imprinted on his .
jace 's scent like wild sage wrapped around her as she led him up onto the porch .
deni entered her haven , filled with the scents of her sons , her brother , and his mate .
she leaned down , bathing jace in her scent , and kissed his lips once more .
he needed her touch , her kiss , to breathe her scent .
he loved the sweetness of her scent , today coupled with fresh earth from her digging in the dirt .
jace kissed her shoulder , drawing in her scent until it calmed him a bit .
jace caught her up , turning around with her , holding her hard , breathing in her warmth , her scent .
the metallic stench of old oil and rusting machinery cancelled out the warmer scent of shifter , and deni sat down on her haunches , bereft .
deni was under him , her body soft , her scent and warmth making him forget pain .
deni slid her arms around jace from behind , loving the tall solidness of his body , his warm scent , the feel of his skin as she kissed his shoulder .
she was warm from the ride , mouth hot , skin damp with sweat , her scent filled with spice and heat .
naked ellison , towering above maria , his scent full of spice .
maria enjoyed the warmth of andrea 's hug for a moment , the baby scent of little kenny .
he had smelled something similar once , in the perfume of a girl at a ball , and that scent had opened a big gaping hole inside him .
he had smelled something similar once , in the perfume of a girl at a ball , and that scent had opened a big gaping hole inside him .
the wind brought a familiar scent of lemon .
kaldar 's scent floated on the breeze , spiced with the deep , resin - saturated aroma of eucalyptus .
kaldar had stolen another car - this one was blue and smelled of some bitter fake - pine scent - and jack got the front seat this time .
audrey shook his hand , and he caught a whiff of her perfume : citrus , peaches , and sandalwood , fresh , sensual , but not overpowering .
jack inhaled the scents .
he caught a hint of her perfume again and grinned , squeezing her closer , as his hand slipped into her pocket .
the colors lost some of their sharpness , the scents faded just a fraction .
the scent of scotch spread through the air , alcohol fumes mixed with a distinct aroma of burned honey .
a faint scent of cinnamon fluttered on the wind .
declan smelled like a pie , but this man 's scent was slightly bitter , spiced with cloves .
he sat next to her , and the heavy scent of roses emanating from her almost made him sneeze .
she wished she could curl up just like that , with his scent on her , and fall asleep while he held her .
her scent was like warm roses , spicy and strong but not overpowering .
the memory of her scent filled his brain , as did the feeling of her fingers in his pocket when she 'd pushed in the scrap of paper with her number on it .
he felt myka close behind him , smelled her warm scent , tinged with anxiety .
against myka 's left side was the solid strength of a male body , warmth , the scent of lovemaking .
the scent of myka , like cool , fresh rain in the middle of a fetid swamp , was the only thing that kept him from giving in to the feral rage and killing gavan on the spot .
she smelled good , the cinnamon scent overlaid with her own musk .
wind poured through the open doors , carrying the scent of brine , fish , and clean air , which still could not cover the stench of fae .
instead of the salt and fish scent carried by the heavy fog over the village , these mists exuded an acrid smell , overlaid with the sharp scent of mint .
instead of the salt and fish scent carried by the heavy fog over the village , these mists exuded an acrid smell , overlaid with the sharp scent of mint .
her scent wrapped around him , fresh and graceful and beautiful .
her scent was wrapping around his heart as well as the warmth of a new bond that had started to forge .
he lifted away , and she heard a clink of glass on glass , smelled the warm perfume of oil .
hart ordered oils from paris , and he 'd made her choose her favorite scents from a very discreet shop when they 'd traveled to france in the summer .
the scent of roses touched him as he closed his arms around her shaking body .
the musty scent of horses came to him on the wind , the cold of the night stealing his breath .
he smelled of paint and turpentine , and the heady scent of himself .
her scent , familiar to him now , and so dear , began easing him , and his thoughts cleared .
as he reveled in the taste of her , her scent of cinnamon , sweat , dust , the back of his mind began to work .
she kissed his cheek , her scent and warmth lending him strength .
louisa remembered the firmness of his lips , the scent of cigar that clung to his clothes , the taste of whiskey and spice in his mouth .
fellows was over her , the scent of violets that clung to her floating to him .
louisa smelled the outdoors on him , the fresh april wind mixed with the scent of coal smoke that clung to the wool of his coat .
louisa moved to him , halting close enough to him that he could breathe in her scent .
this beautiful woman with her soft scent , her sweet body , was his .
his cheek rested on warm flesh , his lips pressed onyx beads , and he inhaled a heady , womanly perfume .
the perfume did n't come from a bottle .
it was her - soap and the scent of fabric , warmth and woman .
the last thing steven remembered was a card game ... no , a cold london street , someone throwing things ... green eyes , red lips curving into a little smile , and a scent like roses .
he did smell a little of whiskey , but the overall scent of him was warm , with a bite of spice .
he sank down next to rose , breathing in the scent of her .
she was surrounded by steven 's warmth , strength , scent .
a musky scent drifted down to william .
a scent floated to him : spicy , reminiscent of cinnamon mixed with a dash of cumin and ginger .
this scent did n't belong in this world outside of a bakery .
william inhaled deeply , sampling the scents on his tongue .
no odd scents , beyond the usual smorgasbord of algae , fish , and vegetation .
black slimy mud stained his pants , filling the air with the scent of old rot .
no trace of smoke or human scents in the air .
and that spaghetti perfume you 're wearing is to die for .
her scent drifted down to him , her real scent mixing with the fragrance of soap .
her scent drifted down to him , her real scent mixing with the fragrance of soap .
a moment later they were outside , and william inhaled the scents of the swamp town swirling around him .
a cascade of night scents and noises washed over him .
he breathed in her scent , watching the way her long hair shifted as she moved .
in her house , filled with her scent .
dozens of scents swirled in the wind , assaulting william 's nose .
she smelled like mud , but he caught a mere whiff of her real scent underneath and it made him want her .
a fresh pine scent floated on the draft .
expensive scent .
he remembered everything : the tilt of her face , the angle of her hair , the puzzlement in her dark eyes , the feeling of holding her against him , the delicate trace of her scent on his lips .
the wind smelled of water and the mimosa - tinted perfume of night needle flowers .
some were smothered with perfume , some were tinted with whatever the woman had eaten last .
rotting mud , the pungent scents of night flowers , the stench of wet dogs from the kennel ... a door bumped to the left , and a woman 's laughter , incongruously normal , sounded through the house .
her scent sent his senses into overdrive .
her scent swirling about him , filtering through the scents of hot blood cerise .
her scent swirling about him , filtering through the scents of hot blood cerise .
flowers unfurled , yellow and white and pale purple , sending dizzying perfume into the air .
cerise 's scent tasted sweet .
a sweet scent filled his nostrils , heady and liquid - thick , like the odor of old buckwheat honey .
the cilia within them trembled , eager to taste the scents and flavors , but he kept them hidden .
the moist odor of breath , laced with scents of rotting meat .
her face was smudged , but he knew it was her , because he could smell her scent and hear her voice , soothing , calling his name .
kim felt the heat of his hand near the small of her back as she seated herself , smelled the scent of soap and male musk .
liam leaned closer , feeling his eyes change as he inhaled her scent .
he could stand all day looking at her , breathing in her scent , touching her sleek hair .
liam lifted his hand away , and kim dragged in a deep breath , inhaling his heady male scent .
her scent was exciting , sweet .
` ` when i hugged you outside sandra 's house , i let my scent twine with yours . ''
liam liked her face close to his , her scent filling his whole body .
the warmth of her skin , the scent of it , made liam 's hard - on throb , his lust start to break through the excruciating pain .
her body was covered with liam 's scent , filled with their lovemaking .
she combined her scent and his in perfect proportion , the sign of a perfect mate .
he watched the legs out of the corner of his eye as she strode up the driveway , letting her scent flow over him as she walked past him .
sean pulled andrea into a full embrace , inhaling her scent .
glory 's hug was n't nearly as intoxicating , and her embraces were always accompanied by a flood of perfume .
whatever it was , it made her spend forty - five minutes in the bathroom before she waltzed out again bathed in perfume and every hair in place .
andrea 's mother 's scent had been like warm baked bread overlaid with the freshness of the outdoors .
the coat was covered with his scent , and now she would be too .
the feel of her light fingers around the edges of the collar was erotic and enticing , and yet , he also loved simply bathing in her warmth and the scent of her .
glory 's scent was all over dylan , and from the way his eyes flicked to shifter white and back to blue , andrea knew that he could smell sean 's scent all over her .
sean held her down , her scent in his nostrils , her warm body writhing beneath his .
after lunch , glory had reemerged from her bedroom in tight black leather pants , a lacy blouse , mile - high shoes , and perfectly coiffed hair , her body doused with perfume .
glory leaned close , bathing andrea in heavy perfume .
and the scent was glorious .
sean leaned toward her , the scent of musk and leather reaching her , the look in his eyes heating her blood .
the scent of her filled his thoughts and every breath he took .
eric made a point of inhaling her scent .
she rubbed fingers under his warm hair and inhaled his scent , a shifter aroused .
another scent came to her , this one sharp like mint .
the shifters partied by the morrissey house , the scent of barbecued ribs floating on the breeze .
he nuzzled her , finding her beautiful scent .
she rested against him and closed her eyes , breathing his scent .
the scents of a dozen herbs mixed into an earthy , slightly bitter spice in the air .
their stems , no more than green shoots during the day , released a cascade of delicate , bell - shaped blossoms with the first touch of darkness , sending a mimosa perfume into the night .
a scent drifted down from him , a light , spicy aroma of cloves .
he breathed in the stale scents of the attic , scrambled up the pile of oddities , and plucked the lantern from the heap .
the night had fallen , the darkness cool and spiced with the delicate , slightly bitter scent of poor man 's orchids dripping from the vines winding about the tree and the faint mimosa perfume of nightneedle flowers .
the night had fallen , the darkness cool and spiced with the delicate , slightly bitter scent of poor man 's orchids dripping from the vines winding about the tree and the faint mimosa perfume of nightneedle flowers .
a spicy scent spread through the air .
the scents of the wood bathed his face .
a tangy sweet scent spread through the room .
there was a quiet strength in the way he held her , and she drew on it , wrapped up in his warmth and the scent of his skin .
she smelled him , that very familiar scent of sandalwood , and clove oil he had used to clean his sword , and sweat .
the perfume of countless flowers and herbs floated in the air , mixing with animal scents .
the perfume of countless flowers and herbs floated in the air , mixing with animal scents .
diego was still reeling from the kiss he 'd shared with cassidy , still reveling in the scent and taste of her .
it smelled wonderful in the kitchen - the rich coffee scent overriding everything .
she inhaled his scent ... and stopped .
cassidy inhaled the scent of his coat again while diego sat very still .
she did n't like the fae - like scent , but if she nuzzled hers on him , she could cover it .
she smelled it again , clinging to diego like a mist , the sulfur and mint scent of faerie .
she came against him , resting her head against his cheek , letting her own scent mark him and erase the stink of faerie from his skin .
he inhaled her scent and exhaled his own onto her .
she smelled good , and now her scent was on him , and his on hers .
that little smile , her green eyes , the scent of her body , the feel of her around him .
breasts beneath him , hot mouth , scent of her desire , hips rising to meet his .
she closed her eyes and breathed diego 's scent .
eric stood against her , body heat all over her , his scent ... iona inhaled .
eric leaned closer and inhaled her scent .
he enclosed her into his space , filled it with his warmth , his scent , his heat .
but she was right there , her warm scent on him .
the good scent of him lingered an instant before that too vanished , leaving iona alone in the moonlight , and breathless .
he nuzzled the line of her hair , already knowing her scent , already familiar with it .
eric leaned into her , inhaling her ripe , sensual scent .
eric breathed his scent onto her again as he brushed the line of her neck , renewing the mark .
she smelled clean like a mountain meadow , and her underlying scent was warm with wanting .
her sexy scent .
eric thought he could drown in her scent .
the scent of ruined roast beef sandwich was strong in the room , but stronger to her was eric 's scent overlaid with the scent of her mother 's stark fear .
talking to her through a cell phone was nowhere near as good as having her next to him , where he 'd be able to inhale her clear scent , to cover himself with her warmth .
now scents poured in at her so thick and fast she could n't process them .
she remembered the scent of lovemaking on nicole , the heightened warmth of the baby inside her , and started to wind up again .
iona put her nose to the curve of his neck , inhaling his scent as he 'd taught her to .
she even smelled happy , the scent of her perfume and excitement overlaid with the scent of her pregnancy .
she even smelled happy , the scent of her perfume and excitement overlaid with the scent of her pregnancy .
she even smelled happy , the scent of her perfume and excitement overlaid with the scent of her pregnancy .
iona drank in his male scent , fresh like the night .
eric breathed in her scent , something tight inside him loosening .
her eyes went dark , her scent filling with need .
she smelled another scent similar to eric 's and saw jace land next to her .
then again , her brown eyes were sparkling , her scent was nice , and she was more interesting than anyone else in this place .
she was wet there , not just from the shower , the scent of her honey filling eric 's senses .
for now eric assuaged his weakness by tasting her , letting himself drown in her scent and her heat .
iona had to stop herself closing her eyes to sort out all the scents as they flooded past her .
he still wore his leather coat , the scent of it mixing with his musk and his taste .
the scent of their lovemaking , sweet , heavy , and exciting , blended with the scent of pine and old leaves .
the scent of their lovemaking , sweet , heavy , and exciting , blended with the scent of pine and old leaves .
he felt the touch of his mate , her scent surrounding him , iona fresh and clean like mountain heather .
that one had borne the overlapping hospital scents of antiseptic , people , and the faint , faraway odor of urine .
the pheromone scent that came to her was loud and clear .
wind fanned her , bringing with it a scent of some flower she did n't know .
little white flowers bloomed in the flower beds , fil ing the air with a refined perfume reminiscent of peaches .
the province of dahlia bloomed in her mind with all its colors , scents , and flavors and it reshaped the bionet .
she tasted him - the slight saltiness and spice - and smel ed the exhilarating scent of his sweat mixing with a hint of his cologne .
the scent that kicked into his nostrils , the way his heartbeat slowed to powerful strokes , the way his body filled with heat told him that .
tiger would wade in and then just float away , dreaming of carly and her scent , her red - lipped smile , and her eyes assessing him without fear .
tiger had carly here , her scent like a bite of cinnamon , her face petal - soft under his fingertips .
he stroked his hand up and down carly 's forearm , mesmerized by the softness of her , the sweet scent .
her scent had wrapped around tiger 's senses , soothing him down from his anger .
carly leaned close , bathing tiger in her good scent .
his house had still smelled of that encounter , despite the cleaning solution scent over it .
her presence , her scent , the lingering feeling of being inside her , gave him strength .
she came to him , her scent filling him , calming him .
he needed to breathe in carly 's scent , and touch her skin , if only one last time .
the stance pushed her br**sts toward him through her thin dress and washed him in her scent .
carly listened , the coffee 's scent becoming less sickening and more desirable .
tiger nuzzled carly 's face , taking her scent , sending reassurances through the bond .
a delicate lemony scent of brugmansia floated through the open screen door .
he smelled crisp dough with a slight buttery taste and a tantalizing scent of roasted passion raspberry , the only variety of the old planet berry that grew in the southern provinces .
when she finally sat in a chair next to him , tucking her feet under her , and he caught a slight scent of citrus from her hair , he decided she was real .
the scent of citrus swirled about them , the heat of her body ignited his , and he sealed her mouth with his , hungry for a taste .
ian put his nose to the glaze , liking the clean scent that had survived the heavy cigar smoke of mather 's house .
the heat of his body touched her like a sharp wave , bringing with it the scent of shaving soap and male spice .
every time she drew a breath , she inhaled the scent of whiskey and cigar and dark maleness she was n't used to .
he imagined her stroking his hair while she lay next to him in bed , her warm scent all over him .
he would sit next to her and breathe her scent , watch the pulse flutter in her throat and perspiration dampen her skin .
isabella kissed beth 's cheeks , bathing her in a wash of perfume .
she smelled like flowers , faint perfume clinging to her skin .
her sweet and exciting scent surrounded him .
beth glanced up at him , faint perfume clinging to her .
the scent of her hair filled his nostrils , driving him a little bit mad .
he leaned to kiss her cheek , then clapped ian on the shoulder , the scents of horse and sweat clinging to him .
summer air would pour through the window , and he 'd breathe in its scent and hers .
the close odors tried to swallow beth 's lavender like scent , as though the house wanted to squeeze her back into the drudgery from which she 'd come .
the familiar scents of candles , dust , books , and cloth assailed beth , and transported her in her stupor back to her life as a vicar 's wife .
more memories of the church came back to her , the awful pain and mrs . palmer 's desperation , overlaid with the scents of her old life .
beth leaned into his chest , loving the clean scent of his lawn shirt .
he wanted so much to leave her alone , to not hurt her , but the warmth and scent of her drove out everything else .
with isabella standing so close to him , her heady scent in his nostrils , he did n't give a damn if the paint was mackenzie yellow or graveyard black .
she smelled mac 's soap and masculine scent overlaid with the faint odor of turpentine .
she 'd laid it next to her when she 'd gone to bed , where she could touch it and smell his scent on it .
breathing meant she 'd inhale his scent and his warmth .
he smelled of the outdoors , of smoke and soap , the comforting scents of mac .
but it was mac , with his hard body so near , his scent and warmth touching her , and pleasant became erotic .
mac smelled so good , like male and the scent of outdoors .
nothing else mattered when isabella 's scent and lovely slick opening surrounded him , nothing .
because he 'd given her time to heal , he could now sit so close to her and drink in her scent .
he pressed kisses to her glossy hair , inhaling her perfume .
isabella rolled over into the pillow he 'd slept on the night before , inhaling his lingering scent , and fell asleep , dreaming of his warm body on hers .
it hurt to smile , but his beautiful wife was by his side , her scent overriding the terrible coppery smell of blood .
he breathed in the scent of her , warm from the sunshine , and the powdery sweetness of eileen .
the roses in her hair were real , the scent of them deepened by her own warmth .
the scent of her mingling with roses , the feel of her in the curve of his arm , the tickle of her fair hair against his chin awoke emotions he 'd thought long dead .
the smell of the roses on her bosom came to him , and the sweet scent of herself , and cameron realized he still wanted her .
he let his senses drift to the scent of her , the feel of her beneath him , the taste of her mouth when he 'd pushed the key into it .
he stepped closer still , inhaling her sweet scent .
cameron breathed her scent , kissed her skin one more time , and then slid the necklace he 'd taken from his pocket around her throat , closing the tiny clasp in back .
he slammed the door and dropped onto the seat next to ainsley , smelling of the night and the good scents of the outdoors .
he enjoyed himself , tasting her skin , inhaling the salt sweet scent of her .
he was half drunk with the whiskey he 'd downed while pacing , and as he slid into waking dreams , he reached for the scent and joy of ainsley .
cam 's dreams were cut by feminine laughter and a scent he already loved .
ainsley 's intake of breath excited him , as did the scent of her , warm and aroused .
the scent of woman , and loving , undid him .
something about ainsley 's touch , her scent , had soothed him and kept him still .
he smelled heavily of cheroot smoke , night air , and a woman 's perfume .
eleanor hid her dart of dismay at the perfume , and cleared her throat .
` ` the one whose perfume you positively reek of . ''
she 's eighty - two and drenches herself in scents that would make a tart blush . ''
he imagined the salt scent of her skin , her pleasant moan as he licked her , the dark jolt in his heart as she put her hands up to protest .
eleanor remembered the duchess 's sweet perfume , the way she 'd pulled eleanor into an impulsive embrace and had n't wanted to let her go .
eleanor smelled his shaving soap , the whiskey he 'd drunk , and faintly behind that , lady murchison 's rather dreadful perfume .
his thoughts were on the stairwell with eleanor , her instant but innocent response , the taste of her mouth , the scent of her skin ... ` ` you were about to ask for something else , before you settled on the safe topic of marriage , '' david said , dragging back hart 's attention .
lavender - the scent always meant eleanor to him .
he was in evening dress and smelled strongly of cigar smoke , brandy , perfume , and something else it took eleanor a moment to identify .
his mind blanked to all but the scent of eleanor 's hair , the glorious feeling of her fingers , her warmth at his side .
this close to her , he was sharply aware of her scent , the curve of her cheek , how her red hair darkened at the temples .
she smelled of her lavender soap , the scent that broke him open inside .
the pillows bore her lavender scent , but eleanor had gone .
to be awakened by the delicious weight of juliana in her satin and tulle , the scent of roses , the sound of her voice .
under their scrutiny , elliot felt his lassitude trying to descend once more , wanting him to lapse into a stupor again , to lean against the satin warmth of her and breathe her scent ... ` ` are you certain , elliot ? ''
his mind gave him back the next thing , the bliss of juliana 's heat , her touch , the scent of her surrounding him .
when she entered the big kitchen with her tray , she was assailed by pungent aromas of food she could n't identify , the scents odd but somehow mouthwatering .
he 'd recalled he exact shape and touch of her lips from that brief kiss , the scent of her rose - soft breath .
she was desire and goodness , and she smelled of her glycerin soap , a touch of french perfume , and a woman wanting .
with his eyes closed , there was only darkness and the scent and taste of juliana , the sound of her finding her highest pleasure .
as soon as elliot had heard her walk into the room , as soon as her sweet scent had come to him on the draft , his erection had climbed high and stayed there .
juliana a hairsbreadth from him , surrounding him with her beautiful scent , her warmth .
nothing existed but the pleasure , her tightness , the scent of her , the heat of their bodies together .
the trapped heat from his body embraced her , surrounding her with his warmth and scent .
the normal scents of my apartment floated to me , the hint of synthetic apple from the soap in the bathroom , the fragrance of vanilla from the candle by my bed , and strongest of all , the stench of dog fur , a leftover from when my friend kate 's poodle grendel had kept me company .
the memory of him was so raw , i could conjure his scent by just thinking about him .
i inhaled his scent .
his scent permeated every inch of the space , from the tent walls , to the foldout desk and chair , to the papers neatly stacked on the desk .
every object pulsed with it , calling to me , singing , ` ` raphael ... raphael ... mate ... '' the scent enveloped me , warm , welcoming , mine , and every inch of me screamed in frustration .
a new scent swirled around me , a heavy fragrance - rose , patchouli , and coriander - an expensive perfume .
a new scent swirled around me , a heavy fragrance - rose , patchouli , and coriander - an expensive perfume .
the familiar scent washed over me like a pain - filled perfume .
he leaned forward , inhaling my scent .
the scent of automotive lubricant wafted up .
the evening breeze swirled around me , flinging scents into my face .
as i got in , his scent slid along my skin , singing to me .
we stood for a long second , our nostrils fluttering , taking shallow breaths and trying to break the fragrance down to individual scents .
music emanated from somewhere above , gentle , exotic , and unobtrusive , like a hint of an intriguing perfume .
he raised my hand , as if to kiss it , and paused , inhaling the scent instead , savoring it .
the scent of myrrh spiced the air .
i inhaled the spicy scent of forest herbs , the musk of a raccoon , and the slightly bitter scent of opossum .
i inhaled the spicy scent of forest herbs , the musk of a raccoon , and the slightly bitter scent of opossum .
the air smelled of jasmine , not the purified scent of the perfume , but real jasmine : dark , slightly narcotic , with a hint of indole .
the air smelled of jasmine , that same dark , entrancing , menacing scent i 'd smelled before .
the world blossomed in an explosion of sharper scents and brighter colors .
the night breeze swirled about me and i caught a weak hint of jasmine , followed by the exact same layered scent i 'd smelled in gloria 's office .
the mist of blood lingered in the area like an exotic , entrancing perfume .
a familiar scent zinged through my nose .
his scent hit me .
the magic of ammit swirled around us , evaporating slowly , like distant notes of perfume dissipating from the skin .
i smelled a familiar scent and turned my head .
he would put his arm around me , and i would lay safe , wrapped in him , breathing in his scent .
his scent washed over me , and for once , instead of making me hurt in regret , it sang through me .
the usual scents faded .
the scent of blood , hot and fresh , washed over me , kicking my senses into high gear .
when we had limped our way into the keep with the scale , filthy , covered in blood and dirt , and wearing the delightful perfume of carrion mixed with gasoline and smoke , doolittle had nearly had an aneurysm .
his scent reached me first , that taunting , comforting , infuriating scent .
his scent enveloped me , and i held on to him , until i fell asleep .
his nostrils flared a little as he inhaled , sampling the scents and i felt a punch of jealousy right in the gut .
lemon - scented perfume drifted through the cold air - the people were keeping their customers awake , because the sleeping could n't gamble .
the scent of malted barley and juniper wafted up .
she found she preferred the warm , herbal scent of pipe smoke in any case , although cigar smoke was what clung to most gentlemen these days .
she also caught the scents of cigar smoke mixed with that of the cigarette , plenty of whiskey , and a woman 's heavy perfume .
but the breath for the words drew in his warmth , the scents of smoke and liquor , and the words melted on her tongue .
violet easily smelled the scents that clung to him - smoke , the remnants of whiskey , the musk of himself under his wool coat .
the scents made her remember how he 'd leaned to her in the upstairs room in london , how he 'd tasted her mouth , how he 'd stunned her with the brief , warm press of lips .
she saw again the french countryside unrolling before her under the balloon , heard the sound of wind in the ropes and the hiss of daniel 's machine , smelled the scent of the sky , and felt the warmth of daniel beside her .
the scent of whiskey brushed her nose , and something cool and metallic touched her lips .
now she was almost nuzzling him , breathing in , as though getting herself used to his scent .
her thoughts switched to waking up next to daniel in the inn , the warm scent of him in the bed with her .
the musty scent of the room , the heat from the fire that made the space close , and the hum of activity on the street far away - all dissipated .
the draft also brought a scent to violet that she recognized from being with daniel .
ian too was fully dressed , but no scent of outdoors came from him .
the scent of newly turned earth , the scorched smell of the engine , and the scent of violet and desire heightened the wild feeling of loving her .
the scent of newly turned earth , the scorched smell of the engine , and the scent of violet and desire heightened the wild feeling of loving her .
the clacking of the wheels , the heat of the bodies , the scent of smoke and perfume , and the groans or laughter of the players filled the space .
the clacking of the wheels , the heat of the bodies , the scent of smoke and perfume , and the groans or laughter of the players filled the space .
in the dreams , he could taste the nectar of her , take in her beautiful scent .
she smelled the cloying note of mrs . thomalin 's perfume on his clothes along with his crisp male scent and the sweetness of champagne .
she smelled the cloying note of mrs . thomalin 's perfume on his clothes along with his crisp male scent and the sweetness of champagne .
sinclair 's blood heated as bertie 's bosom rose under his touch , the placket opening for him , her scent intoxicating .
sinclair dipped his head to the mattress , breathing the warm scent of her hair .
he 'd encouraged bertie to sing the praises of the woodwork while he was in front of her , smelling of the night and his own intoxicating scent .
he even touched a page to his nose , as though taking in its scent .
mrs . lang always smelled a bit of whiskey , which she liked , and a faint scent that was the fancy soap she saved her pennies for .
the wind swirled with scents : a hint of wood fire , a dog marking his territory , horses , one , two , three , four , something tart and spicy ...
a scent floated past me on the draft .
a weird scent , dusty , pungent , and bitter , not something i ' ve ever come across before . ''
the scent hit my nostrils , sending goose bumps over my arms .
the wind brought with it a salty metallic scent that burned my tongue .
i inhaled , sampling her scent .
their scents were old .
the familiar scents washed over me : rice , onion , chili peppers , cumin , coriander .
the scent of him , the comforting , strong jim scent , touched me , blocking out other smells .
the scent of him , the comforting , strong jim scent , touched me , blocking out other smells .
so many scents .
a familiar male scent tugged on me .
the tree that hung over her plot dropped chestnuts like little bombshells , and the wind carried the stale scents of dried flowers and death .
the wind carried the scent of it , briny and thick , and the stars were bright overhead .
it seems faintly ridiculous that he should be up there at all , in this church in london that smells of rain and perfume , a line of women in purple dresses making their way toward him with halting steps .
she smells of lilacs , though it 's hard to tell whether it 's her perfume or the bouquet she 's holding .
each time someone enters through the revolving doors , the faint scent of cut grass drifts in , too , the air outside heavy with humidity .
there 's a scent of rain in the air , and the men smoking cigarettes nearby stub them out and head back inside .
he could n't help himself ; they 'd been his mother 's cigarettes , and the scent clenched at something inside him .
the wind lifted her hair from her shoulders , and he caught the scent of something sweet ; it smelled like flowers , like springtime , and it made him a little dizzy .
there was definitely something heavy in the air , something vaguely soupy , but she only ever caught a whiff of it from time to time , when the winds shifted and the scent of the north sea - full of salt and brine - drifted inland .
the smell of the chicken in the oven was overpowered by the scent of salsa from the mexican restaurant downstairs .
he 'd been relieved to find that their new apartment sat above a knitting store , which meant it was mercifully free of smells of any kind , except for the faint earthy scent of bartleby , the little box turtle they 'd found in a parking lot outside sacramento .
the wind rustled the trees , bringing with it the scent of pine , and a flock of birds wheeled overhead .
on the wall , the familiar clock ticked its familiar rhythm , and when owen took a deep breath , he almost expected the faint scent of cigarette smoke .
i closed my eyes , savoring the familiar scent .
but then i 'd breathed in her familiar scent that instantly calmed my racing heart , and i had relaxed again .
i leaned down and kissed the top of her ginger head , breathing in the scent of the shampoo that i 'd bought for her .
if i could hold her for one minute , and inhale her sweet scent , it would be enough to get me through the weekend .
` ` i missed hearing that phrase ... . '' i trailed off and kissed her neck , desperately breathing in her scent so i could carry it with me all weekend .
i hugged her close , breathing in her scent .
i breathed in her scent and kissed her on the tiny freckle under her eye , high on her cheekbone .
i inhaled deeply , memorizing her scent .
i hugged her tight , resting my head on hers and breathing in her scent .
her soft scent teased me .
his scent was already ingrained in my memory .
i inhaled near his neck , absorbing the mix of wood smoke , cinnamon , and musk that made up his scent .
the blood soaking her wool sweater overwhelmed almost every other odor in the blazer , so that beneath its metallic scent she only detected a faint hint of coffee , vinyl seats , the earthiness of male skin , and his lingering fear .
more emotions enveloped my subconscious while his scent - a rich mixture of spices , musk , and burnt sugar - filled the room .
the scent of cinnamon , spice , and smoke filled my nose .
this must be his natural scent , something i had n't noticed before my nose received its upgrade .
underneath the hairspray and body lotion , i caught her scent , like lemons and sea spray .
the scent to my newly sensitive nose made the air heavier and sweeter .
vlad 's smoke - and - spice scent had never been more intoxicating .
its taste flavored my mouth while its coppery scent hung in the air .
instead , everything was bathed in brightest light while the comforting scent of rainwater and freesia enveloped me .
her sweet scent vanished , as did the crystalline sunshine i 'd been flying in .
my mouth was wet with it while its scent perfumed the air , no longer coppery and sharp , but heady and intoxicating .
a richer , warmer scent filled the room , reminding me of simmering spices and wood smoke .
i closed my eyes , taking in a breath to smell the rich spiciness of his scent .
when i could still feel her gaze on me , i headed in the direction i 'd been looking , hoping the skin - scouring version of a deodorizing treatment i 'd undergone had removed all traces of vlad 's scent from me .
i caught a whiff of that strange earthy scent even over the stench from the rats and the smell of my own blood , and when i stopped running , they must have guessed that i spotted them because they came out of their hiding place .
her gaze widened while her scent changed to a putridly sweet aroma .
instead , he remained where he was , the only effect a shudder wracking him and the smell of ozone briefly overcoming the scent of smoke .
the room was suddenly filled with half a dozen attendants , each bearing a large domed platter that had delicious scents emitting from it .
that scent of smoke coming from vlad increased .
i inhaled , too , but the forest was so rich with scents that my newly sensitive nose could n't determine a particular person 's olfactory calling card .
bitterness wafted from her , changing her scent from lemons and sea spray to something harsher .
that breeze lifted her scent to him again , tantalizing him with the invisible caress of her on his senses .
kira 's fists clenched , and her natural sweet scent soured .
her flesh was so soft , her scent mingling with his as he drew her close .
he kept thinking about how kira 's skin had felt under his mouth yesterday , how she tasted , and how her scent assumed a richer , deeper fragrance with her arousal .
the wind rushing around them stole away her lemony scent , but he knew he 'd smell it on him later .
or would her nearness , her tantalizing scent , and the smooth melody of her voice be enough to make him abandon all his careful planning in favor of the chance to be with her ?
kira sniffed without thinking about it , her nose almost exploding at the rush of scents , too many to distinguish .
her br**sts strained against her bra , her lace underwear was more all uring than concealing , and her lemony scent was both sweeter and muskier with her lust .
it was hard to form logical words when his attention kept being distracted by kira 's scent on his skin , how near she was to him , and how ravishing she looked in her miniscule undergarments .
it was torment enough to have her scent filling the room , teasing him with her nearness .
instead , her scent flared with desire as she slowly perused his body .
he inhaled , reveling in her scent , her taste , and the tremors he felt vibrating against his mouth .
her name left his lips in a groan as his mouth slid down her body , reveling in the scent and flavor of her silky skin .
kira stood between vlad and mencheres , the breeze coloring the air 's natural bouquet with the different scents emanating from the two vampires .
the multitudes of scents were overpowering , even more dominating than the roar of the transit car as it bulleted along the tracks .
aside from the harsher aromas of alcohol , urine , body odor , perfumes , and bad breath , the scents lingering on the car were also like fingerprints of emotions .
aside from the harsher aromas of alcohol , urine , body odor , perfumes , and bad breath , the scents lingering on the car were also like fingerprints of emotions .
tina 's blue eyes were wide , and her scent - yes , it was that citrus blend kira had caught a whiff of outside the door , like oranges and cloves - soured ever so slightly even as her pulse sped up .
the air filled with different perfumes , overpowering the lingering scent of sulfur .
the air filled with different perfumes , overpowering the lingering scent of sulfur .
the harsh smell of sulfur was gone , leaving her own scent of honey and jasmine to rise through the other perfumes covering it .
the harsh smell of sulfur was gone , leaving her own scent of honey and jasmine to rise through the other perfumes covering it .
a sharp pain in her stomach brought her attention to the cart with the covered dishes and the mouthwatering scent wafting from it .
he took another step and then her scent changed , too , that honey and jasmine fragrance growing stronger .
even now , her scent and nearness tantalized his senses .
the scent of her anxiety filled the cab , covering the stale sweat , perfume , and lingering odor of vomit in the backseat .
the scent of her anxiety filled the cab , covering the stale sweat , perfume , and lingering odor of vomit in the backseat .
only denise could see what he 'd done , and her scent changed even as the color returned to her face .
by three a.m. , the scent of weariness and dejection coming from her was palpable .
denise 's scent and the way she reacted to his touch confirmed it , razing his willpower and drawing him to her even though his common sense warned him to stop .
could n't stop himself from inhaling her honey and jasmine scent , salted by her residual anger , but deepening as his hand wound in her hair .
spade closed his eyes , absorbing her scent with another deep breath .
` ` touch me again and i 'll kill you , '' he growled , whirling and running in the direction where giselda 's scent was the strongest - and where other harsh , vile scents intertwined with hers .
and the sting across his face was combined with the scent of his own blood .
he sat back on the bed , leaning close to denise so she could hear him above the blaring telly and trying very hard to ignore the headiness of her scent that said she had her monthlies .
her jasmine and honey scent had soured as well in the past two hours , watching him lose hand after hand .
madox 's overripe citrus scent increased , but he did n't so much as twitch as he waited for spade to fold or call .
denise cleared her throat , looking away , her honeyed jasmine scent turning tarter with discomfort over her previous quip .
he reached out to caress her face , savoring how her scent changed from determined anxiety to something far richer .
her honeyed jasmine scent mixed with his , creating a muskier , lush fragrance that he occasionally breathed in .
one glance had shown that spade was his usual handsome , impeccable self , wearing pressed pants and crisp shirt , his scent a heady , natural cologne .
her scent ripened to an addictive lushness with her desire .
her heady scent grew stronger , too , entrancing him .
when the coast was clear , i unzipped my bag , took out my batons , and ran back downstairs , through the kitchen where the scent of peaches and sugar still hung in the air .
i took a long breath through my nose , inhaling the scent of summer flowers , and admired the houses along the way .
suddenly depressed , i collapsed on the velvet settee in the corner , inhaling the slightly mildewed scent of the shop .
she was wearing her business suit , heels , expensive perfume , and a frown .
i inhaled the scent of the flowers and smiled .
` ` the scent of eucalyptus , '' i suggested before i thought about whether this added to the romance of the situation .
a woodsy scent with undertones of musk and gunpowder .
besides , i adored the scent of roses : perfume and dirt .
besides , i adored the scent of roses : perfume and dirt .
i would n't smell the spicy scent of him that dragged me back , against my wishes , to our hopeless night together .
she was dressed in a trim jacket and wore a carefully teased hairdo , heavy makeup , and flowery perfume , like she 'd just gotten off work .
along with warm air , the heavy scent of honeysuckle rushed in , and the growl of alec 's plane .
even though the cockpit was hot with the unrelenting sun shining in , and the air was muggy with the scent of my sunscreen , my chest expanded and i finally felt like i could breathe as i flew over the ocean .
the vinegar scent of beer and cigarette smoke and occasionally marijuana wafted on the air here , even around the children , even at eight in the morning .
the scent of frying food drifted through the windows , and the smell of coconut tanning oil that only people who 'd never heard of cancer would use .
i turned for the ocean again , inhaled the clean scent of it .
the morning breeze carried her scents of sunscreen and bug repellent .
among the cars parked anyhow on the driveway and in the yard underneath the palm trees , a cluster of pickup trucks and the faint scents of tobacco and pot told me where the trash was .
he inhaled the scent of her hair : shampoo and sarah .
he caught a whiff of her expensive perfume as she placed her hand over his on the table .
he leaned closer again , catching another whiff of her perfume , and said conspiratorially , ` ` i heard giuliana is throwing a party . ''
as her body settled perfectly against him and his hands touched her hair , he wanted her - wanted to bury his face in her neck and sniff her perfume until he 'd had enough , wanted to take her back to his room and unzip that goddamn skirt - but he would never have her .
i woke to the sound of dishes clanking in the kitchen and the scent of bacon .
i let the words hang in the air between us like the unexpectedly lovely scent of an aromatherapy candle in a funky soho shop .
then holly 's mom clopped in on four - inch stilettos and a cloud of perfume .
holly closed her eyes and inhaled the scent of pad thai .
kneading her back , losing himself in the tingling sensation she was giving him , he inhaled the oleander scent of her hair .
when they passed each other , he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of oleander in her hair .
she recognized his spicy scent from when she 'd whispered with him in ninth - grade english class .
the feel of the cards , the solid clicking of the chips , the scents of his mother 's perfume and lunch grilling in a restaurant nearby - all this took him back to his earliest memory .
the feel of the cards , the solid clicking of the chips , the scents of his mother 's perfume and lunch grilling in a restaurant nearby - all this took him back to his earliest memory .
i felt the warmth of his body and caught the scent of his cologne .
because now the wind swirled around us both and wound me up in his scent of chlorine and ocean .
just as he stopped in front of me , the cool breeze whipped around him , carrying his scent to me .
so it 's more accurate to say that this time , rather than shopping , i walked through the stores , inhaling their familiar scents .
the boutique next door reeked of dizzying perfume , a chemical brainwashing me into buying something more fashion forward than my usual comfort zone .
amid the music of bubbling fountains and the heady scent of oleander bushes that were probably pruned by lobotomized men with fingernail clippers , the shrink told me many things that were ironic , perfect as punch lines , even better than the chicken that crossed the road .
my mom had n't been wearing perfume but i smelled her anyway , something i recognized beyond her usual soap and shampoo , which she would n't have at the mental hospital .
i was confused as hell about my new plate of food , but the scent was all types of appealing and daniil was eating everything off my old one .
thorne drew in a deep breath as he lifted the lids on both pizza boxes , the scents of sausage , pepperoni , cheese , and tomatoes tickling his nostrils .
she slipped a silver bracelet on her wrist , dabbed a bit of perfume behind her ears , and then , after a last look in the mirror , she went downstairs to wait .
she took a deep breath and her nostrils filled with his unique scent .
the taste of her kisses lingered on his tongue , the scent of her perfume , of the woman herself , clung to his clothing .
the taste of her kisses lingered on his tongue , the scent of her perfume , of the woman herself , clung to his clothing .
the scent of her grandfather 's pipe tobacco lingered in the air .
thorne took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with a familiar scent .
the steady beat of her heart echoed like thunder in his ears ; the rich , coppery scent of her blood made his fangs ache with need .
the steady beat of her heart was like music to his ears , the flowery scent of her perfume , the scent of the woman herself , sweetly alluring .
the steady beat of her heart was like music to his ears , the flowery scent of her perfume , the scent of the woman herself , sweetly alluring .
the steady beat of her heart was like music to his ears , the flowery scent of her perfume , the scent of the woman herself , sweetly alluring .
the scent of her blood was far more intoxicating than any wine could ever be .
the scent of musk rose from her heated skin .
the air reeked of perfume , perspiration , and weed .
before she could talk herself out of it , she took a quick shower , put on her favorite blue sweater and a pair of jeans , carefully applied lipstick and eye shadow , dabbed a little perfume behind her ears , and she was ready to go .
the dimly lit interior , the heady fragrance of blood of all types , the melody of so many beating hearts all blending together , the unmistakable scent of musk that filled the air , the low , sensual music coming from the jukebox .
with a sigh , thorne sat down and drew olivia into his embrace , his fangs extending as the scent of her blood called to him .
swinging her legs over the edge of the mattress , she stepped into her slippers , pulled on her robe , and hurried downstairs , frowning as the scent of coffee tickled her nostrils .
lying there , with the scent of their heated lovemaking all around him , he vowed he would forfeit his existence and everything he possessed before he let anyone or anything hurt a hair of her head .
remembering that she had read somewhere that familiar scents could awaken old memories , she made a batch of chocolate chip cookies .
her nearness flooded his senses - the floral shampoo she used to wash her hair , the musky scent of her desire , the taste of her toothpaste , the satiny smoothness of her skin beneath his hand , the warmth of her breasts pressed against his chest .
she tried on clothes and shoes , sampled perfume and powder , stopped in the candy shop to buy a pound of honeycomb .
but it was the rich , warm scent of her life 's blood that called to him , drawing him to full awareness .
walking among them , their combined scents had aroused his thirst .
though faint , her scent was borne to him on the breeze .
his unique scent , alien and yet somehow enticing , filled her with an emotion she could n't define .
he drew a deep breath , his nostrils filling with her unique scent .
1 perfume ( the world 's most expensive fragrance - a steal at only $ 2150.00 a bottle ) , the same scent worn by actress katie holmes on her wedding day .
her scent , the beat of her heart , had penetrated the thick layers of earth and darkness that had surrounded him , drawing him out of oblivion .
her scent lingered on his skin , reminding him of the intimacies they had shared .
the beat of your heart , the scent of your skin , the sound of your voice ... you 're beautiful to me in ways others do n't see . ''
his scent filled her nostrils and stirred a familiar longing deep within her .
he took a deep breath , inhaling the fragrance of her hair and skin , the tempting scent of her blood .
standing in the doorway , he took a deep breath , filling his nostrils with her scent , remembering the taste of her lips , the warmth of her skin , the way she cried his name as she writhed beneath him .
hugging it close , he tumbled into oblivion with her scent all around him .
all those nationalities in one place , each with its own unique scent and taste .
an indrawn breath carried the scent to her nostrils , warm , sweet , sweeter than anything she had ever known .
and it was there , a faint coppery scent that made her mouth water .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of clean , fresh air for the first time in over a month .
he took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the warm , sweet scent of her - the soap she had bathed with , the peppermint she used to sweeten her breath , the scent of lilacs that clung to her skin .
he took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the warm , sweet scent of her - the soap she had bathed with , the peppermint she used to sweeten her breath , the scent of lilacs that clung to her skin .
the lingering scent of her perfume filled the very air he breathed .
the lingering scent of her perfume filled the very air he breathed .
her womanly scent rose up to tantalize him , stirring his blood , his desire .
his nostrils flared , filling with the scent of her warm flesh .
` ` it looks fine , kristine , '' he assured her , and then , tempted by the slender curve of her throat and the flowery scent that clung to her hair and skin , he bent down and kissed her cheek .
and though he was gone in the morning when she awoke , his scent permeated her bedclothes , her pillow , her skin .
the thought filled him with a bittersweet longing , and then , catching kristine 's scent on the air , he felt a surge of anger rise up within .
the scent of rain lingered in the air , and with it the smell of damp grass and earth .
he sat there , staring at nothing , remembering the warmth of her lips on his cheek , the faint flowery scent that clung to her hair and clothing , the slightly husky sound of her voice as she asked , in her own shy way , if he would join her in bed later .
he ran for miles , tireless , mindless , his nostrils filling with the scents of the night - the damp earth , the leaves he crushed , the stink of something long dead .
her scent filled his nostrils , as tempting as the deer 's warm blood .
his scent surrounded her , kindling memories of days spent riding together , of nights in his arms .
her scent filled his nostrils , seemed to permeate every fiber of his being .
her scent rushed into his nostrils , warm and womanly and uniquely hers , reminding him of the nights he had gone to her bed , the pleasure he had found in her arms .
he could smell her scent all around him , had only to close his eyes to picture her sitting on the settee , lying in his bed , kneeling at his feet as she washed the blood from his wounds .
unable to help himself , he sniffed the air , his mouth watering as he inhaled the rich , gamy scent of the meat .
he took a deep breath , and kristine 's scent flooded his nostrils .
the scent of the blood , the afterbirth , filled his nostrils and he backed away from the bed , watching as edith bathed the child , then wrapped it in a soft blanket and laid the babe in its mother 's arms .
the scent of her blood called to him ; his fangs lengthened as she drew near .
the scent of her fear , mingled with the underlying scent of her blood , inflamed his hunger .
pausing , he lifted his head and sniffed the air , his nostrils filling with the scent of greed and whiskey .
he remembered the scent of freshly turned earth , the feel of it in his hands , the satisfaction he had felt when he saw the first green shoots push their way through the earth .
she slipped it over her head , her nostrils filling with a fresh , clean smell , and a faint masculine scent she recognized as delongpre 's .
he groaned softly as his nostrils filled with the scent of soap and the warm musky scent of woman .
he groaned softly as his nostrils filled with the scent of soap and the warm musky scent of woman .
the air was filled with a myriad of scents she could not identify .
her scent filled his nostrils , not the scent of her blood , but the scent of her skin , and her sorrow .
her scent filled his nostrils , not the scent of her blood , but the scent of her skin , and her sorrow .
her scent filled his nostrils , not the scent of her blood , but the scent of her skin , and her sorrow .
a deep breath filled his nostrils with the scent of vibrant life .
right now , with the low thrum of her heartbeat whispering in his ears and her scent filling his nostrils , he could n't think of anything else .
an in - drawn breath carried the scent of lilacs and warm womanly flesh to his nostrils .
the scent of her blood , flowing like a crimson river through her veins , filled his nostrils ; the sound of her heartbeat echoed in his ears .
her scent filled his nostrils , reminding him of nights long ago , when it took more than a few sips to quench his thirst and ease the pain .
and then , drawn by her scent , by the warmth of her living flesh , he forgot all about mirrors and witchcraft .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of evergreens and rain - dampened earth .
his first breath carried brenna 's scent to his nostrils .
she opened the refrigerator , her nostrils filling with the scent of butter and eggs and milk , apples and oranges , mustard and ketchup .
how awful it would be if she could never again catch the scent of rain in the air , or dance in the silvery light of a full moon .
his scent was in her clothes , in her hair .
even though there were a hundred other people in the theater , his senses honed in on cara - the scent of her shampoo and soap , the flowery fragrance that clung to her hair , the fried chicken she 'd eaten for dinner , the hot buttery popcorn on her breath .
but overall , the sweet scent of her life 's blood called to him .
he closed his eyes , the scent of her need and her blood arousing him until it was almost painful .
he dropped down beside her , every fiber of his being attuned to her presence - the scent of her hair and skin , the steady beat of her heart , the rhythm of her breathing , the warmth of her thigh brushing against his own .
he breathed in her scent as she stepped out of the car , let it permeate every fiber of his being .
he loved the silky feel of her hair , the heat of her skin , the musky scent of her .
he wrapped a lock of her hair around his hand , inhaling the flowery aroma , along with the scent of her skin .
sitting up , she pressed the pillow he had used to her face and sighed as she breathed in his now - familiar scent .
it was like coming home - the dim lights , the flickering candles , the scent of heated bodies and beating hearts .
the scent of her blood teased his nostrils , tempting him to push roshan aside and lift her arm to his own lips .
she stared out the window , reliving the moments in the basement last night , recalling the sharp report of the gunshots , the acrid stink of gunpowder , the sickly sweet scent of blood .
resting his forehead against hers , he inhaled deeply , drawing in the scent of her hair , her skin , her life 's essence .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of evergreens ; night birds called to each other ; crickets played a serenade .
a deep breath carried the rich new - car scent to my nostrils .
his scent tickled my nostrils .
her scent had surrounded him , tantalizing him even in his intangible form as he hovered in the air near her desk .
his presence filled the room ; his masculine scent teased my nostrils .
the scent of his cologne tickled my nostrils .
the sand was warm beneath my bare feet , the air tangy with the scent of salt and surf , but it was n't the ocean or the night that held me in its spell , it was the man beside me .
the lingering fragrance of her perfume teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood aroused all his senses .
the lingering fragrance of her perfume teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood aroused all his senses .
i smelled the coppery scent of her blood , saw the hellish red glow in rafe 's eyes as he took her to the brink of eternity , and then brought her back .
the scent of roses filled the air , music played ever so softly in the background , or maybe it was all in my mind .
the scent of her blood , warm and vital with life , filled his nostrils .
the fragrant scent of evergreens and flowers filled the air .
rane remembered their first hunt , remembered the woman their father had chosen , the way she had felt in his arms , the enticing beat of her heart , the intoxicating scent of her blood .
his scent filled her nostrils , his nearness made her edgy in a way she had never experienced before .
her scent filled his nostrils .
her scent wrapped around him - the fragrance of her skin , the soap she had bathed with , a hint of perfume .
her scent wrapped around him - the fragrance of her skin , the soap she had bathed with , a hint of perfume .
and overall , the heady , musky scent of the woman herself .
did she expect him to lie there beside her , to breathe in the warm , womanly scent of her body , listen to the siren call of her blood , and do nothing ?
he took a deep breath , the scent of her blood arousing his hunger .
rane took a deep breath , filling his nostrils with the scent of the woman beside him .
she felt her fangs extend as she contemplated the slaughter , the harsh cries of panic , the rich coppery scent of blood rising in the air and teasing her tongue .
he could hear the beat of her heart , steady and strong , could smell the scent of her blood flowing quietly through her veins .
desire lurked in his eyes , the scent of musk rose from his skin .
he took a deep breath , and mara 's scent filled his nostrils .
his tongue brushed his fangs as he inhaled the scent of the crimson river flowing through her veins .
she stood there a moment while memories of happier times spent in this house played through her mind - a vague recollection of her mother walking her to kindergarten on the first day of school , the scent of freshly baked cookies that had always lingered in the air on monday afternoons , the birthday parties and holidays in the backyard , the flowers her father had sent her the day she received her first big assignment at the chronicle , all the nights she and her father had spent talking , laughing , working together .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of evergreens and dew - dampened earth .
the warm , coppery scent of fresh blood wafted through the air , sweet , tantalizing .
he imagined he could still smell her scent on his clothing , on his sheets , his pillows .
she took a deep breath , inhaling his scent .
he took a deep breath , inhaling the musky scent of her skin .
the coppery scent of fresh blood rose on the night wind as they slashed at each other .
he removed the cork , his nostrils flaring as the rich coppery scent swirled through the air .
the flowery scent of her skin tickled his nostrils with every breath .
the rich coppery scent of her blood and the steady beat of her heart only served to arouse him more .
she took a deep breath and her nostrils filled with a myriad of scents - the soap used to wash the sheets , the faint fragrance of logan 's cologne , the promise of rain in the air , and overall , the rich , musky scent of logan himself .
she took a deep breath and her nostrils filled with a myriad of scents - the soap used to wash the sheets , the faint fragrance of logan 's cologne , the promise of rain in the air , and overall , the rich , musky scent of logan himself .
a deep breath filled her nostrils with the scent of earth and foliage and the stink of an animal long dead .
she breathed in his scent , and knew he was dying .
but for now , she needed to take her baby home , to wash him and feed him and hold him close , to breathe in his sweet baby scent , to kiss each tiny finger and toe , to assure herself that no permanent damage had been done to her child , the only child she would ever have .
he was thinking of changing his hunting ground to hollywood boulevard when a bewitching scent tickled his nostrils , drawing his gaze toward the entrance and the slender woman who stood framed in the doorway .
her scent tantalized him , as did the steady beat of her heart , the sight of the pulse throbbing in the hollow of her slender throat .
` ` you smell of perfume and alcohol , '' she remarked .
he drew her closer , inhaling the fragrance of her hair and skin , the faint coppery scent of the warm red tide that flowed silently through her veins .
he was about to say he knew they did when a familiar scent wafted through the air .
nosferatu 's den was a high - class nightclub , but the combined scents of perspiration , liquor , and perfume were occasionally overpowering .
nosferatu 's den was a high - class nightclub , but the combined scents of perspiration , liquor , and perfume were occasionally overpowering .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of pines and earth .
the steady beat of her heart , the scent of her blood , her desire .
derek 's nostrils flared as the scent of musk filled the air .
he held her all through the night , content to be at her side while she slept , to stroke her hair and her skin , to breathe in her scent .
he lifted his head as a new scent was carried to him by the night wind .
her warmth , the scent of her desire , stirred his hunger .
he could smell the musk on her skin , hear the uptick in the beat of her heart , the scent of her blood as it flowed hot and sweet beneath her skin .
he breathed in and his nostrils filled with the scent of rain .
he closed his eyes , inhaling the sweet scent of her skin , listening to the excited thrumming of her heart as she anticipated his bite .
touched beyond words , he pressed his forehead to hers , closed his eyes , and breathed in her scent .
his laughter stilled as he drew her gently into his embrace and inhaled her scent .
his scent filled her nostrils , reminding her of every minute they had spent together - nights filled with passion , the sound of his voice whispering that he loved her , the surprisingly sensual pleasure of his bite , the strength of his arms around her , the sheer wonder of what he was .
his scent was all around her , comforting in a way she could n't explain .
` ` maybe we could ... '' she paused , nostrils flaring at an unfamiliar scent carried by a vagrant breeze .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of evergreens ; night birds and crickets serenaded them as derek dropped sheree and her mother off at a side door so sheree could change into her wedding gown .
it was hard to remember she was angry with him when he was so near , when his scent , the mere touch of his hand , stirred her desire .
she paused in front of a candy store and inhaled the myriad scents emanating from inside .
chapter fourteen charlotte i snuggled into calvin 's side , breathing in his scent .
i breathed in his scent , more content than i had ever been in my life , listening to his heartbeat .
carly read it over my shoulder , giving me a whiff of her strawberry scent .
it was probably just the aftershave he used , but i loved the scent .
the thick scent of salt reminded me that i was really back home .
chapter two gavin becca 's scent lingered in my yukon as i pulled away from molly and ben 's house .
i inhaled the scent of him , ordinary but faintly salty .
some footprints , a lingering scent .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scents of drinking and sex .
the ghosts of the scents of doughnuts and blossoms lay on top of the funk of spoiled things and old diapers that passersby had tossed into the handy receptacle .
the air was so permeated with scent , i was reminded of passing a candle shop in a mall .
even lemon scent made her vomit .
i 'd been enjoying the gentle scent of the cut bushes and the songs of the crickets and frogs celebrating spring .
i smelled sweet perfume , and i smelled something else , something awful .
in fact , if it had n't been for the white apron swathing her and the lingering perfume of cooking oil , sweetie might have been a sexy woman .
inhaling the scent of chalk , cleaner , paper , and books brought it all back .
all the scents surrounding her were familiar .
he crushed my hair in his hand and inhaled deeply , as if he were extracting the perfume from a flower .
the scent of wedding flowers made the night sweet .
niall had been able to mask the fairy odor from eric in the restaurant , but i saw from the flare of eric 's nostrils that the intoxicating scent clung to me .
she 'd spritzed on a little perfume to eclipse the faint , rather dry smell of vampire .
his nostrils flared at the delicious scent of fairy .
i smelled the different alcohols as the bartenders poured them , the myriad of other people 's scents mixed with different perfumes , aftershaves , and the tang of blood .
i smelled the different alcohols as the bartenders poured them , the myriad of other people 's scents mixed with different perfumes , aftershaves , and the tang of blood .
lost in her own thoughts , she tuned in to the slightly musty male scent that wafted off his body .
there were stars and glittering cascades of pebbly broken safety glass , the damp noxious perfume of the big bad , and a lighter gray smell of rain and daylight .
there was smoke coming from the chimney of one of them , and pat got his first whiff of the heady and slightly intoxicating scent of burning peat .
i think i went over the line when i started playing with his hair , and inhaling that increasingly addictive scent of his was no help .
one of my great - great - grandmother 's rosebushes was blooming , and the scent had healed something inside me .
the perfume of morning .
when he pulls me in for a hug , i inhale his familiar scent .
i am still wearing ryan 's clothes , and can smell the warmth of his scent with a hint of amberwood as i start to grow tired .
after hanging up my new dresses in ryan 's closet , i put my new bottle of perfume on the bathroom counter .
gasping for breath , i smell the remnants of his scent that linger on my pillow .
i ' ve missed this bed , being wrapped up with him in these sheets , smelling his scent all around me , feeling his warmth .
clinging herself to me , legs wrapped around my waist , i bury my head in her neck , and the thick perfume she 's wearing makes me screw her harder , wanting to finish up so i can go home and wash this shit off of me .
her scent is encased in the fabric .
stepping into essenza , the place is filled with fine european perfumes , soaps , clothes , and jewelry .
the way she 's moving , the way her skin smells with the light scent of her perfume , the way her hair feels as it brushes along the skin of my arms - it 's a heady combination of elements that consumes my senses , but i still crave more .
the way she 's moving , the way her skin smells with the light scent of her perfume , the way her hair feels as it brushes along the skin of my arms - it 's a heady combination of elements that consumes my senses , but i still crave more .
i can only hope that she 'll one day wear it again , but for now , it lies on the counter in my bathroom by her perfume .
but i ' m not completely walking away because her canvas is still in my closet , and a bottle of her perfume still sits on her side of the sink .
so i let time pass as i keep her tucked into me , her head nestled in the curve of my neck , the feel of her damp hair against my skin , the smell of her soft scent that filters into my lungs ... my senses consumed with her , and then comes sound as she finally speaks .
drew 's favorite scent .
then i make my way downstairs , following the scent of fresh brewing coffee .
her scent is sweet , fruity , with a hint of spice - like a ripe apple with a touch of cinnamon .
i turn my face into her neck , resting my head against her clavicle , breathing in her scent .
the scent of her skin , her hair - it 's sweet and spicy , apples and cinnamon , distinct .
she does n't smell nearly as incredible as kate - but her bouquet is what i would ' ve probably defined as incredible if i 'd never had the pleasure of kate 's sublime scent .
rose petals are scattered in a path to the bed and over the covers , giving off a soft but fragrant scent .
it takes a second for me to answer ; the warmth of his skin , his scent , and the way his hands feel on me all have my body buzzing with something i ' ve never felt before .
he asked , his body so close i could smell the light scent of his cologne .
just like the last time i slept with him , his scent is clinging to my hair .
i laugh , cuddling into him while breathing in his scent .
i start to cry harder and feel myself being transferred from him to kenton , and as soon as i smell my husband 's familiar scent , my anxiety starts to ease and the tears start to lessen .
lying down along her back and wrapping my arms around her , i breathe in her scent .
he 'd been lured to that part of the hall because he 'd passed a stairway and caught some delicious scents rising up from the kitchen .
which made him wonder if the scents coming up from the kitchen had been a craft - enhanced lure .
the evergreen scent should be filling the room .
that will add the scent to the room . ''
empty rooms , cleansed of psychic scents and memories .
since he was sparring with zaranar , lucivar did n't look toward the door , but he noticed the refreshing scent of crisp , clean air - and he noticed the psychic scent of the male who entered .
he wrapped his arms around her and breathed in the scent of her , the warmth of her .
but he could have sworn her scent was on his skin and he could feel the lingering warmth of her next to him in bed .
his hand went through hers , but when she reached up and rested that same hand against his face , he felt the warmth of her , breathed in the familiar scent of her .
the sound of her voice quenched a raging thirst inside him , and there was a spot on her neck that had a scent that aroused him and yet gave him peace .
that dumb bitch birdie , the ` ` queen 's maid , '' was holding a bottle of scent kermilla had acquired during her last shopping trip .
shaken , kermilla looked at the bottle of scent .
` ` birdie picked up a bottle of scent from the dresser - a bottle that still had the theft disk on it . ''
but a bottle of scent , for example , that left the boundaries of the shop with the disk still on the bottle would be spoiled . ''
` ` so birdie picked up a bottle of stolen scent and kermilla hit her . ''
the room had the scent of a place that was cared for .
breathing in that first scent of autumn , ranon stopped at elders ' park and looked at the main street of eyota , his heart aching with pride .
her psychic scent filled his senses like the most intoxicating perfume .
her psychic scent filled his senses like the most intoxicating perfume .
not today when the air has that first scent of spring . ''
he clamped his teeth on the spot where her neck and right shoulder connected ... . and breathed in a scent that soothed and excited him .
` ` jaenelle , '' he whispered , nuzzling that spot , breathing in those scents that could belong to no other woman .
i wanted your scent on my sheets .
once it 's triggered , the web will absorb the psychic scents in the room , while the oil in the vial absorbs the physical odors .
but the psychic scents in the room , combined with the muskiness of sex , made his own body tighten .
a hint of his presence was still there under the scents of soap and polish , but less than usual .
` ` it 's not an exclusive soap or an exclusive scent .
` ` vulchera was n't wearing that scent the first day , '' daemon said softly .
so she used a scent i associated with you , put on a piece of clothing that would carry my own scent .
when she climbed onto the bed and straddled him , he caught the scents of nerves and excitement .
and inside the package is your husband 's shirt , smelling of another woman 's perfume .
not cologne , just a spicy male scent that made her feel fluid and female .
he breathed in the exciting scent of blood but had no desire to taste it .
no longer sleeping and not quite awake , daemon breathed in the scent of his wife , his love , his queen , and breathed out a sigh of contentment .
an enticing scent .
they had bathed after a hungry session of lovemaking , but he still caught a light whiff of their mingled scents beneath the clean smell of soap .
a soft scuffle and a new , faint scent competing with the hallway 's musty air .
he closed his eyes and breathed in the physical scent of her and the dark psychic scent that was both a balm and an enticement .
he closed his eyes and breathed in the physical scent of her and the dark psychic scent that was both a balm and an enticement .
he did n't let roxie 's lingering scent spoil his mood when he returned home .
him on his knees in front of her , his arms around her waist , his face pressed against the juncture of her thighs , breathing in the smell of her as her scent changed from warm and quiet to hot and aroused .
and underneath that fear he sensed a warm , quiet strength that intrigued and aroused him , that made him want to wrap himself around her and breathe in her psychic scent as well as her physical smells .
there was a lingering scent of cooked meat in the air .
just the smell of her , and the lingering scent of her female students , had been enough to make him want to smash furniture , shatter bone .
she was n't aware of him as he watched her , as he breathed in her scent .
a psychic scent that made his heart speed up and his muscles quiver .
the darkened room stank of sweat and fear to the point where it almost overwhelmed the presence of a feminine psychic scent .
an elusive scent drifted past him , a scent that warmed the muscles in his groin at the same time it melted the tension from the rest of his body .
an elusive scent drifted past him , a scent that warmed the muscles in his groin at the same time it melted the tension from the rest of his body .
something brock had said about links and psychic scents and jewels kept teasing him , but its significance stayed just out of reach .
nowhe understood the tartness in lia 's psychic scent when he 'd kissed her , why she and thera had stayed so close to each other , why lia had tried to avoid physical contact as much as possible .
a wave of joy , filled with her psychic scent , washed over him , quickly followed by uncertainty .
the clash of strong perfumes mingled with equally strong body odors helped him remember why he had n't eaten .
the psychic scent washed over him , through him .
taking another sip of brandy , he slowly realized that , while jaenelle 's dark psychic scent filled the room , it was n't recent .
eventually , the warm bed , the murmur of the fountain in the garden below , and the scent of whatever soap or perfume she used lulled him into a deep sleep .
eventually , the warm bed , the murmur of the fountain in the garden below , and the scent of whatever soap or perfume she used lulled him into a deep sleep .
the wind shifted slightly , brought a different scent .
her scent was there , and in the dark , he could almost believe that she was simply away for a little while , that he would wake one morning and find her cuddled up next to him .
he held her tightly , breathing in her physical scent as well as the dark psychic scent he 'd missed so keenly during the last few days .
he held her tightly , breathing in her physical scent as well as the dark psychic scent he 'd missed so keenly during the last few days .
the land called him , seducing him with scents and sounds .
catching the warmth of a feminine psychic scent , lucivar threw open a door and stepped inside the kitchen before he realized , too late , the woman trying to pump water one - handed was n't jaenelle .
and the liberally applied perfume did n't mask the smell of decay .
and there would be a scent in the room that was her , a scent he would wake to , burying his face in her pillow after she was up and attending her own concerns .
and there would be a scent in the room that was her , a scent he would wake to , burying his face in her pillow after she was up and attending her own concerns .
using craft , she opened the door before he turned the handle , and let the seduction tendrils flow from her like some exotic perfume .
when he reluctantly opened his eyes , her psychic scent still lingered , but he knew she was gone .
but it was the wrecked study that really drew him back , the room where he could almost hear a deep , powerful voice like soft thunder , where he could almost smell a sharp , spicy , masculine scent , where he could almost feel strong arms around him , where he could almost believe he had once been safe , protected , and loved .
this dark , sweet scent was chillingly clean of that muskiness , and as he continued to breathe deeply , to open himself to that which was stronger than the body , he felt distressed to find it so .
daemon glided down the corridor , his probing mind identifying the rooms as he passed : classroom , music room , playroom , lady graff 's sitting room and adjoining bedroom ( which daemon immediately turned away from , his lips curling in a snarl , as he caught the wispy scent of erotic dreaming ) , bathrooms , a couple of guest rooms , wilhelmina 's bedroom .
in fact , as that delicious dark scent once again permeated the walls of the angelline mansion , robert seemed more and more uncomfortable about staying there .
daemon opened his mind to the psychic scents around him .
the scent of coconuts filled the air .
closing my eyes for a moment , i could feel the good sunshine soaking into my pores , the scent of the canyons ahead thick in the air .
i threaded my hand through his , breathing in his scent , which was concentrated thickly at my favorite spot on his neck , just below his ear .
i wrapped my arms around him , sighing as i breathed in his scent , accented by sun and sage from the desert he 'd been living in .
i grinned back at him , snuggling deeper into the covers and into him , breathing in the scent of his warm skin all over me .
i pressed myself into him , a new wave of tears showing up as i breathed in his scent and nuzzled my face into his neck .
i smelled nothing but the scent of warm pipe tobacco , chimney smoke , chocolate , and hamilton .
that and her perfume .
i was surrounded by his scent , and it made my head swim a little .
i stared up at him , the scent of warm wool and lemons thick in the air between us .
his rich , cozy scent of wool and lemons was now too thick , too much , too there .
i inhaled deeply , breathing in that inherent hamilton scent , and i felt warm and toasty instantly .
we hugged for a moment , swaying gently in the kitchen while the scent of wet , burnt cotton bloomed around us .
the rich scent of turkey wafted through the air , and it was incredibly cozy .
his scent , which up until now i had somehow overlooked , filled my nostrils .
i sat in one of her comfortable armchairs in the breakfast nook , with my legs underneath me , drowning in jack 's shirt and in his scent .
i drank in his scent , my own personal s'more , and drifted back to sleep .
i pressed each of the shirts to my face in turn , inhaling his sweet scent .
i breathed in his scent , amplified by his sleepy time heat .
i breathed in his sweet scent , remembering the first time i was aware of it .
` ` oh , god , '' i cried , as he fluttered his tongue along the length of my tummy , tasting the salt of my skin , smelling the scent of my skin that he himself had identified as a mixture of clean laundry and blessed coconuts .
i breathed in his sweet scent , s'mores and hamilton , and i began to kiss every part of his warm skin that was exposed .
` ` i ' m very excited for tomorrow , '' i murmured into his chest , catching the scent of his cologne .
his salty / woodsy scent .
my nose filled with his earthy scent , i tilted my head up to look at him .
dusk had fallen , and a warm breeze was blowing in off the ocean , carrying the faintest scent of brine , cut with the night - blooming jasmine that was just beginning to open .
if i cared to examine what it meant , that i chose to surround myself with his scent every night , one might draw a conclusion that i was unwilling to face quite yet .
i craved him , craved his scent and his touch , and i continued to run my hands along his skin , dancing kiss after kiss along his shoulder as i wrapped myself around him once more .
the scent of wood soap and lemony oil rubbed into the wood to make it gleam .
clutching my copy of loins of endearment , i crawled into the most sinfully plush bed ever created , loving the scent of clean linens and line - dried sunny blankets .
banners of silk hung low from the ceiling , fans paddled lazy air , swirling the heavy scent of myrrh and sandalwood thickly on the night breeze .
i breathed in , his scent filling my nostrils .
crushed against his chest , my nose was filled with the scent of irish spring soap and paperback books .
immediately i was brought back to the scent of the library back home , that homey scent of sun - touched book spines and thick yellowed paper , a quiet afternoon in the stacks .
immediately i was brought back to the scent of the library back home , that homey scent of sun - touched book spines and thick yellowed paper , a quiet afternoon in the stacks .
as my nose caught the scent of warm irish spring , i looked up to see his face .
he leaned in , the scent of sweat and sun and ... hay ... filling my nostrils .
my hands went to his hair , holding him close sweetly as he breathed in the scent of my skin .
my nose pinpointed his whereabouts , the scent of coffee calling to me like a beacon .
the scent of downy calmed me .
his hands restless on my waist , the planes of his strong body anywhere it was pressed against mine , the scent of his shampoo and the ever - loving downy filling my nostrils , and his mouth bearing down on mine .
i breathed deep , inhaling the scent of laurel and pine , the saltiness of the sea air that was always in the background .
i pressed it against my nose , inhaling the scent of wool and unmistakable simon that clung to it .
it had been so long since i 'd been held , just held , by a man that between the tiny circles and the scent of his fabric softener i was losing my senses .
as simon looked under the flowerpots for the key , i inhaled the citrus scents and the distinctly salty air .
remembering how to move , i ran to push open the doors and let the soft air spill over me and into the house , blanketing everything in the evening 's perfume .
i felt crazed , drunk on his scent and the feel of him inside me .
i breathed in , inhaling his scent as i watched him pull back just the smallest bit , only to thrust once more .
i breathed in his scent , then peeled myself off of him and headed to the wall to peel off the dough stuck there .
the soft floral scent of my mother 's perfume that filled the room as she was getting ready for a fundraising event in the city .
the soft floral scent of my mother 's perfume that filled the room as she was getting ready for a fundraising event in the city .
her coconut scent , the same body lotion she used to use back in college , brings back memories of our bodies entwined , our lips meshed together as i brought her to climax time and time again .
` ` fuck , mac , that feels incredible , '' he spits out as i pull him out of my mouth and jerk him off with my hand as i lick his balls , the musky scent sending my body into overdrive .
his unique scent moved with him - the deep and heady aromas of jungle and his warm and velvety cologne .
the interior of the house still carried the scents of the generations that had come and gone .
soft , old - fashioned perfume .
` ` someday , '' i grumbled , pushing them aside and pulling out a heather - gray t - shirt , the lingering scent of jeff 's cologne filling the room .
i tugged it over my head , pausing while i was cocooned in cotton and jeff , savoring the scent of him , wondering what it would be like if he 'd been there with me .
when we were just inside the foyer , she reached up and cupped my face in her hands , the scent of warm jasmine rising from her wrists .
` ` different lotions for different body parts , different scents for different occasions . ''
his hands slid around my back , enveloping me in his arms and his spring - green scent .
i took a sudden breath , the urge to drink in the scent nearly overwhelming .
vision gone , i let the sounds and scents surround me .
his body around mine , it was hard to avoid the scent of his cologne - clean , crisp , irritat ingly delicious .
and i 'd bet money that i still carried the lingering scent of ethan 's cologne .
i knew who it was before the door opened , before she 'd even knocked , from the cotton - candy brightness of her perfume in the hallway .
i arched my back , my hand reaching out for the headboard behind me , savoring the fire in my belly , the warmth of his body , the scent of his cologne , stronger now that we were together .
her voice carried the faintest french accent , and her perfume was exotic .
ethan stepped inside ; i followed , catching a cloud of citrus - and - spice perfume as i walked past the girl .
he took both my hands and leaned toward me , pressing a soft kiss to my cheek , the scent of sugared lemon floating around him .
the scent and feel of him was soothing , and i managed to enjoy being swept up in his arms , no matter how guilty the pleasure .
i closed my eyes and breathed in the cottony scent of his cologne .
i walked inside and paused for a moment to breathe in the scent of paper and dust - the perfumes of knowledge .
i walked inside and paused for a moment to breathe in the scent of paper and dust - the perfumes of knowledge .
there was also a faint scent of lemon and sugar in [ andt was the air , which always seemed to be the case around tate .
ian was outside again as wel , and the air was thick with the scent of fresh resin .
a canopy bed sat across the room , its round , fluted columns wrapped in flowering vines that perfumed the air with the scents of gardenias and roses .
the scent of fae blood flowed across the room , and my eyes rol ed back at the temptation of it .
however much i might have enjoyed blood of the bagged and vampire varieties , the hunger they inspired was nothing compared to the scent - from across the room - of a few droplets of fairy blood .
as i stepped onto the street , i caught scents of water and city and sulfur , but there was something else : the smel s of lemon and sugar , the same scents i 'd caught around tate .
as i stepped onto the street , i caught scents of water and city and sulfur , but there was something else : the smel s of lemon and sugar , the same scents i 'd caught around tate .
for a moment , i just stood in the doorway , eyes closed , drinking in the familiar scent .
his sharp , clean cologne was giving way to the scents of cleaning polish and dust , but it stil lingered there , faint and fresh , like the whispers of a ghost .
the sun now above the horizon , i walked inside and caught the lingering scent of him again .
before i could think better of it , my shoes and jacket were on the floor and i was crawling into his bed , tears spil ing from the familiar sensation of the linens and the scent of him that fil ed them .
wrapped in the scent of him , i smiled and savored the memories .
i told them about the old magic claudia had mentioned and the scents of lemon and sugar that catcher had n't been convinced were meaningful .
as i stood there , i 'd have sworn i caught the scents of lemon and sugar in the air again .
the sudden punch of peppery magic that filed the car - and the cloying scent of sugar and lemons that accompanied it - proved this was a magical problem ... and a problem i knew al too wel .
a smal fireplace put the smel of woodsmoke in the air , which mingled with the scents of ancient paper and fragrant tea .
` ` he has a scent - lemon and sugar . ''
nothing but the lingering , cloying scent of lemon and sugar .
as we neared it , the scents grew stronger , like a cookie factory had opened up shop down the road .
scents of old paper and herbs - rosemary and thyme - filed the air , along with the damp scent of earth .
scents of old paper and herbs - rosemary and thyme - filed the air , along with the damp scent of earth .
they flapped once , then twice , filing the air with the scents of sulfur and smoke .
` ` shhh , '' he said , as i breathed in the spicy scent of his cologne and gripped a fistful of his shirt .
the breeze carried the scent of clove cigarettes .
i reached out to grab her arm before she could fal and caught a whisper of her flowery perfume .
i did the same with ethan , ignoring the bleeding gash on his arm and the intoxicating scent of blood .
she stepped inside , her gaze searching for ethan , with a cloud of floral perfume and nervous magic about her .
the nymphs jumped to their feet and surrounded their victor in a cloud of wavy hair , rayon , and fruity perfume .
a wave of scent washed over me , and i closed my eyes for a moment against the instinctive attraction .
not so small that it had n't drawn blood ; the pungent aroma of the drops she 'd spilled was a low note beneath her perfume and the smell of the flowers .
a droplet of blood appeared there , sending a sweet , metallic scent into the air .
i opened the door and was hit by the scents of sugar and yeast .
i closed my eyes , enjoying the scent before delia cleared her throat and gestured toward us .
blood spilled , filling the air with the scent of heady vampire magic .
it grazed my ponytail , singeing the edges and sending the scent of burning hair into the air .
dark and a little cozy , with shabby couches and mismatched chairs and the scents of coffee , cinnamon , and smoke from the roaster .
his eyes stilled when his gaze reached my mouth and needle - sharp fangs ; his eyes widened , the air filling with the heady scent of fear .
i breathed in the scent of him , the crisp scent of his cologne a relief among the smells of smoke and blood and battle .
i breathed in the scent of him , the crisp scent of his cologne a relief among the smells of smoke and blood and battle .
the room smelled faintly of dust and the rose - scented perfume i liked to wear in colder months .
the chiseled tip of a katana just grazed his arm , sending a bright stripe of crimson to his skin , and sending the spicy scent of powerful blood into the air .
the faint scents of dirt and blood lay beneath fresh flowers and the cologne of the various men in the room .
the scent that wafted from the house was strong and not entirely welcoming .
there , the air was heavy with the scents of crushed pine needles , animals , pastures .
seth had left chicago , and his scent had been different - lemon and sugar , like freshly baked cookies .
and under it all were the scents of smoke and sulfur .
as she neared , i caught the unmistakable scents of smoke and sulfur .
the scents of smoke and sulfur grew stronger .
i heard his footsteps behind me , his fierce and labored breathing , the scent of his cologne rising from his warm and nimble body .
he smelled like the mentholated rubs he preferred for sore muscles , a scent i 'd forever associate with weekend sleepovers at my grandparents ' house .
i paused at the first - floor landing , eyes closed and a hand on the banister , reveling in the scent of freshly cooked bacon .
they put a heady floral scent in the air .
the place smelled witchy - the scents of dust and paper mixed with the bright fragrance of dried plants and herbs .
he stepped away , and i nearly gasped at the absence , the sudden chill against my skin , the loss of his comforting scent and the caress of his magic .
i buried my face in his shirt , let his warmth and magic and scent embrace me .
i did so automatically , hoping his scent would stick to my skin and linger there the rest of the night .
but the way he spoke low , so it only reached my ear , the way he sort of leaned in to my body and his warmth and scent wrapped around me ...
the ocean breeze filtered in , bringing with it the scent of the salty sea .
he reached between us and took my hand , linking us together as the sound of the ocean filled the room and the scent of our sex lingered in our noses .
with adam 's scent surrounding me , silky sheets beneath my body , and knowing whose arms i slept in , i was frankly thrilled to be awake .
the scent of cinnamon schnapps on his breath made me gag .
i pulled it around me and inhaled his scent .
before i could turn it into a steamy make - out session , she was gone again , and the rich scent of coffee filled the kitchen .
jack pushed his little face into the side of my neck and the scent of his shampoo wrapped around my senses .
a few more minutes of even breathing and his scent so close and my body released its death grip it had over me .
instead , i breathed in that deep scent of his and pressed my face against his neck .
a deep , musky scent that clung to the air .
the scent of fried dough wafted through the afternoon breeze , beckoning me closer and offering thousands of calories in comfort .
after dressing in a pair of black linen pants and a black - and - white striped blouse , i left the bathroom in a cloud of steam , and the scent of richly roasted coffee wafted down the hallway toward me .
the heady scent of salt pressed against my skin and lips .
his body was smooth like polished granite , and his tropical scent enthralled my senses so the only thing that existed was him .
his faint coconut scent swirled around me , and i took a deep breath , letting my eyes flutter closed .
a scent i identified instantly as his wrapped around my senses .
` ` i brought some donuts and coffee , '' he gestured , and for the first time since he walked in i smelled the sweet pastry and the warm rich scent of coffee .
her head fit right in the space beneath my chin , and the scent of her shampoo wafted up my nose .
` ` come along , then , '' i called , trailing through the house and into the kitchen where the scent of cinnamon and vanilla drifted through the air .
a little beep filled the silence and then the fresh scent of brewing coffee filled the room .
she shifted and some light floral scent wafted toward me .
without thought , i leaned down , placing my lips against her hairline , breathing in that fresh and calming scent .
she leaned over the table toward me , her fresh scent wafting around me like some kind of scarf .
my skirt had ridden up , exposing some of the white cotton of my crotch , and i inhaled , noting the air around us was beginning to smell heady with the scent of desire .
the strong aroma of brewing coffee wafted through the air and i inhaled the rich scent as i filled a glass with juice .
a clean scent with a hint of spice .
it was an older scent , one that had been around for a long time , but it was my favorite .
the scent wafted up around us and bubbles coated my fingers .
god , i could still smell her honeysuckle scent that practically wrapped around me every single time she leaned so close .
the scent of vanilla cinnamon wafted through the air from the wax melter that i always had on , and i dumped my bag and keys on the little glass - topped table by the door .
no one paid me any attention as i walked into the room , which was filled with marijuana smoke , and the scent made my nostrils burn .
once they were gone , her legs parted unabashedly and the heady scent of her damp juices was like a siren , like i was a boat , lost at sea , and i was finally coming upon my port .
he came so close that i could feel the heat off his body and smell the scent that seemed to be his calling card .
i inhaled , the sharp scent of damp leaves invading my senses .
the scent of pine wrapped around me , bringing me comfort as i stared at the top of his dark head bowed laboriously over my hand .
his hands caught me around the hips , supporting me , as his pine scent whirled around us .
the scent of apples and cinnamon mixed with his heady pine scent and my eyes slid shut as his lips moved over mine .
the scent of apples and cinnamon mixed with his heady pine scent and my eyes slid shut as his lips moved over mine .
i wondered if my skin would bear his scent after i finished drying .
his hands slipped over my skin like velvet , like he was made of silk , and the lavender scent of the soap rose up around us and caught in the mist like a fly in a spider web .
palm trees and tall plants full of colorful , blossoming flowers filled the air with a heady scent .
i tried to think about the way he smelled , if the scent was familiar , like the natural scent nash carried .
i tried to think about the way he smelled , if the scent was familiar , like the natural scent nash carried .
i breathed in the familiar scent of him .
the weather was gorgeous , clear blue sky , white puffy clouds , and the faint scent of the ocean in the air .
what 's more was the scent of his cologne lingered on me ... wrapping around my senses and invading my feeling of relief that he was gone .
it was an older scent , something that had been out for several years , a popular men 's brand .
even after he was gone , the sheets still carried his scent .
the scent of cologne suddenly washed over me and i gasped .
i opened my eyes and lifted my hands to place them over my mouth and nose to hopefully barricade some of the overwhelming scent .
his scent wafted close , completely taking over my senses and making me forget my throat was as dry as a desert .
i could n't help but notice how comfortable the worn fabric of his shirt was against my skin and how it carried the scent of him , which caused me to breathe a little deeper .
something orange caught my eye , and then a familiar scent wafted into my nose .
his clean scent encompassed me , pushing away some of the smoke , and tears prickled my eyes .
your scent still lingers on my sheets , katie . ''
the scent of smoke seemed to cling to me , reminding me once again of everything i was trying to forget .
he did say my scent was on his sheets .
after that i curled up on the couch , inhaling holt 's scent on the cushions .
we rolled down the windows , and warm night air , heavy with the scent of salt and the sea , wafted into the cab and surrounded us .
the wind blew off the water , and i closed my eyes and inhaled , feeling my hair lifting off my shoulders and dancing behind me as i took in the heady scent that only nature at its best could produce .
the sweet scent of the fluffy goodness had my stomach rumbling in appreciation .
` ` but we did n't , '' i whispered , inhaling his scent that still clung to his skin even after he was the victim of an explosion .
heven the sweet scent of apples filled the cool air as it rustled through the leaves of the apple trees .
gemma handed me a mug and i breathed in the strong scent of the brew .
a navy hoodie fell around my shoulders and sam 's scent filled my senses .
` ` happy birthday , '' he said as i brought the rose to my nose and inhaled its floral scent .
she leaned over and the scent of wildflowers tickled my nose and filled my senses .
the scent of her mouthwatering cooking wafted from the kitchen and for once my stomach did n't grumble .
her scent was so clean and light .
i turned and stepped close , close enough she could feel my body heat , close enough her scent mingled with my senses and made my fingertips ache to touch .
the familiar scent that was heven filled me up inside , whistling through that hole that resided in my chest .
i asked , the scent of chocolate already wafting toward me .
just the hint of his scent made me feel better than any nasty drink gemma could concoct .
there was no faint peppermint scent .
the scent of him , strong , heady and deep mixed with the fragrant sweet , budding apples overhead acted as a balm to everything that had happened that day .
i stood and swept heven up in my arms , inhaling the sweet scent of her hair .
the place smelled musty and old ... a scent i was beginning to associate with death .
a scent of freesia wafted toward us announcing her arrival .
for me it was a scent that once tasted , i would never forget and something i would always seek out .
i fit myself against him , breathing in his scent and sighed .
her scent , light and pure , floated around me .
thankfully , i had a profound sense of smell , and i did n't catch any familiar scents from my roommates so , for now , we were safe .
i snuggled in closer , enjoying his scent .
i turned and buried my face against him , inhaling deeply of his scent .
his scent reached me , and i wanted to cry .
there are different scents from all the different food places , there 's a lot going on .
the scent of peroxide filled my nostrils as i doused a cotton ball in the bubbly liquid .
the scent of him was surrounding me and his shaggy hair brushed against my cheek .
when i opened the door to the cafe , i was greeted with the strong scent of coffee and pastries .
the air was humid from the constant running water , and the scent of sweaty jerseys permeated the room .
it was a clean scent , like soap , the kind of soap that probably costs five dollars a bar .
the deeper into the shelves i went , the more the air was permeated with the scent of old books - a cross between paper and dust .
girls milled around , the hallways filled with giggling and the scent of perfume .
girls milled around , the hallways filled with giggling and the scent of perfume .
i could n't help but sink into the soft , warm seat and breathe in the scent of his jacket .
seconds later , the scent of coffee filled the room .
the scent of wood - fired pizza and bread wafted out onto the sidewalk .
i turned my head and caught a familiar scent that made me ache all over again .
the kitchen filled with the comforting scents of donuts and coffee , but i felt awful that someone would still be breathing and alive if not for what he did for me .
i smiled and brought the flower to my nose to take in its bright scent .
i took a deep breath of the light floral scent and then carefully set the vase down on the table in front of me .
her soft womanly scent floated around him and made his jaw tremble .
her sweet feminine scent rolled around him now , and if that was n't bad enough the new double - chain told him the rest of the story .
maybe she did n't understand why eve 's theater had affected him like this , taking him to the edge so fast , but the scent he exuded , so masculine and full of erotic herbs , had given her a new idea .
her hand floated up and down his back and her scent thickened through the air .
the words , her scent , the feel of her wetness that allowed him to glide as he thrust hard , sent him into a frenzy .
his sweat had a metallic smell , yet underneath was that rich scent that she loved .
he might have argued or at least made an attempt to ply the information out of her , but a new scent rose above the aroma of his meal , which made him pause mid - bite and stare hard at lily .
her sweet feminine scent floated in streamers of sensation and her desire fueled his .
when she got to his wrists , he realized the air was thick with her feminine scent .
she slid her wet finger inside his mouth and the flavor of her , ripe with excited female and her feminine scent , made him crazy .
the soft moan that left her lips , combined with the rush of her sweet , feminine scent , helped him to know that she was as engaged as he .
her feminine scent worked in his brain as well , hardening him that one degree firmer so that she groaned this time .
but as he stared into her eyes and felt her desire for him , the scent of her sex perfuming the air , he shunted aside what would always be a deep blight on his soul .
he felt so good and his scent , full of maleness and sex , rose to create euphoric streamers through her senses .
the scent reminded angelica of the back rooms of a house that had n't been cleaned or aired in a long time .
the scent of his desire flowed around angelica as he focused his attention solely on her .
but with his next breath the scent of her blood reached him , and the sudden craving he experienced cramped his stomach .
the sweet , rich scent of her sex poured off her now .
she streamed an erotic scent .
the fabric held his smell , a deep , rich scent that she 'd come to associate with him and especially with sex .
` ` you have a scent that gets to me every time , and it 's in your shirt .
she had savored his practiced lovemaking , his beautiful mulled wine scent , and his soul that she could see so clearly , a soul so different from the self - absorbed life he had led .
but a surprise had followed , for from that first immersion into the initial graded baptismal pool , grace had lost the ability to scent him and he could no longer smell what he called her meadow scent .
oh , dear god in heaven , that scent !
with every breath she took , more of his scent ripped through her brain .
that he should n't be doing this at all was something he would grapple with later , but right now , with her meadow - sweet scent pouring in waves over his brain , he was doing what he was meant to do .
what an elegant scent .
if so , she wore a very strong perfume .
he turned into her and kissed her back until his tongue was in her mouth and his forest scent drenched her .
that her meadow scent kept flowing over him in waves sustained the certainty that he was pleasing her as well as forming a most inappropriate erection .
her lips parted and her sweet - meadow scent quite suddenly perfumed the air between them .
the scent was back , that intense wildflower scent , the one he had first smelled when he arrived at the observation deck .
the scent was back , that intense wildflower scent , the one he had first smelled when he arrived at the observation deck .
oh , my god , it was a breh scent .
a wine scent .
given that she was still cascading her wildflower scent in his direction , it would n't take much .
` ` sorry , but your wine scent is getting to me . ''
casimir knew temptation , because her wildflower scent was really working him .
he sniffed ; the wildflower scent that belonged to patience was still very much present in the space .
his forest scent drifted up and teased her nostrils .
her laughter drifted away because suddenly the room was full once more of forest scent and his head was easing down in the right direction until he was chuffing , making that resonant growling , huffing sound that somehow relaxed her pelvis .
she threw her arms back and closed her eyes , drowning in his scent .
add to that her sweet meadow scent , and his c**k was a missile again .
` ` meadow scent . ''
his breathing was still pretty uneven , especially since even at this distance he could smell her rose scent , rich red roses .
she even carried a decadent rose scent that only he could detect .
even through the stench of beer , smoke , and male bodies , all he could really process was that light floral scent that kept his dick in an uproar .
he wore a heavy cologne , heavy like his muscles , like the male scent she was getting from him .
her deep red - rose scent perfumed the air and worked him up .
the strong scent of patchouli surrounded him now , and because the air - conditioning kept a gentle stream of air flowing around the room , he could see the candlelight flicker behind his eyes .
he felt the future crowding him as he had never felt it before , holding his woman in his arms , smelling her rich red - rose scent , until he ached , body and soul .
the scent of cherry tobacco sifted through the screen mesh .
the soap had a slight floral scent , but the shower had filled with that fragrant cherry tobacco scent of his , which had begun working like a couple of quick perfect fingers between her legs .
the soap had a slight floral scent , but the shower had filled with that fragrant cherry tobacco scent of his , which had begun working like a couple of quick perfect fingers between her legs .
the scent was erotic , very much a man but laced with forest , like the ponderosa pines of northern arizona .
then he smelled it as well , the gentlest fragrance of a meadow , all that verdant growth , the earth , a combined scent of indistinguishable flowers .
his body reacted , wholly inappropriately , and as he turned to face her , as her meadow and wildflower scent continued to pummel his senses , he began to grow aroused .
he was n't sure he cared which it was , but as his nostrils flared , he caught her rose scent and it thickened in the air .
leto groaned and his scent suddenly flooded the room , that beautiful forest smell .
he felt grace 's hands on him again , and her rich , earthy meadow scent flooded his body with new drives , new cravings .
but here he was with a perpetual hard - on because of his sensory recall of the woman 's scent , like fresh earth and sweet wildflowers .
he grabbed the headboard and mouth - fucked her as the image of grace swirled through his mind , as the recollection of her scent brought him close to the edge .
as for grace , he could hardly wait to see her again and to draw her meadow , wildflower scent into his nostrils .
the heavy bouquet of his wine scent buckled her knees .
his spiced wine scent cascaded over her so that she breathed him in deeply .
that was the exact moment he 'd caught marguerite 's rose scent for the first time , an event that had coincided with her disappearance from second earth and the beginning of her bid for freedom .
the mist could do many things but it could n't keep her earthy wildflower scent from him .
but holy shit , the bastard had his arms around her , his tongue deep in her mouth , and dammit his woman was in a full state of arousal , her meadow scent flooding the room .
he looked down at her , trembling all over again at her scent , her nearness .
her scent flowed into his nostrils and up into his brain until he was dizzy .
he could n't get enough of her meadow , earth , and wildflower scent .
her rose scent was increasing , too , which meant she had something very specific on her mind .
when she realized what he wanted , that he wanted her primary vein , her whole body rolled and arched , which in turn brought a soft hiss from between his lips as his forest scent suddenly drenched the space .
but it was the second scent hitting the air that made her stomach rumble .
besides , all she could smell was thorne 's tobacco scent now , and since he seemed to be enjoying nursing on her thumb that scent only sharpened , flooding the cool night air .
besides , all she could smell was thorne 's tobacco scent now , and since he seemed to be enjoying nursing on her thumb that scent only sharpened , flooding the cool night air .
he sighed , and the air once more grew spicy with his male tobacco scent as he leaned back on the chaise once more .
cherry tobacco had a sweet scent , something she had always enjoyed smelling , and now here it was combined with thorne .
she moaned softly , and her rose - woman scent flooded the air .
his breath rose high in his chest , and that sweet cherry tobacco scent now clouded her senses and forced her mouth open to take in his nipple .
he worked her slowly , and the air filled with her rose scent .
even the memory of grace 's meadow - wildflower scent was for him a triple dose of viagra .
if she 'd been standing , his cherry tobacco scent would have knocked her flat .
his obvious need of her , and all that specific male scent meant just for her , was doing a serious number on her body .
she saw the raw need in his eyes , and his powerful tobacco scent powered over her .
the scent of the earth rolled toward him in beautiful sweet waves .
now here was leto , shedding his fragrant forest scent all over again , the one that had engulfed her in the infirmary at the mortal earth colony .
still , she smelled leto and his primal scent worked in her body , reminding her of every poetic couplet she 'd created over the past hundred years .
her mind began to grow very lax , very loose , as though the scent that now engulfed her was like the heavy blanket of dry summer forest air .
her deep rose scent flowed over him in a sudden heavy wave that plowed into his sinuses and brought his own back arching .
how could he not , when his mulled wine scent filled her with desire and when he treated her so gently .
her scent rose to drift into his nose and command his senses , a delicate bouquet of pastries and woman combined , a heady combination that tended to strip him of all rational thought .
she stepped away from him as a strong roll of her delicate croissant scent struck his nostrils .
the trouble was that the more her scent rolled , the more it afflicted his lower body as though fingers played over him .
the ceremony would begin soon and she would be free , at least for a few minutes , of jean - pierre and the coffee scent that flowed over her in a constant teasing breeze of sensory torment .
she withheld a groan , not because he meant to give her relief but because his touch was heaven and the scent of him , delicious coffee and earthy male , filled her knees with water .
but fiona weaved on her feet and when her scent , the light buttery croissant scent , rippled over him , he knew her thoughts had traveled the same path as his own .
but fiona weaved on her feet and when her scent , the light buttery croissant scent , rippled over him , he knew her thoughts had traveled the same path as his own .
but when her sweet scent , of croissants and woman , drifted once more beneath his nose , he let himself fall into the moment , into his desire , embracing what he craved .
the smell of wood and her scent flowed over him .
her lips were swollen now and her scent filled the room , buttery pastries .
her breath flowed toward him , a sweet scent of the patisserie .
her silver - blue eyes were glazed , her lips parted , her breaths coming once more in little pants , which swept her soft patisserie scent over him , which in turn was like a new set of fingers rubbing ever so lightly over his cock .
a wave of coffee scent flowed over her .
his coffee scent , even while sleeping , still made her almost anxious to repeat everything they 'd just done together .
a roll of jean - pierre 's cafe - au - lait scent battered her and she heard him groan .
in all the time that she worked with alison , her delicate croissant scent was a constant pressure on his senses .
but standing here now , the delicate scent deepened .
he groaned and released a whirlwind of his coffee scent , heavy with all that was male .
` ` your beautiful patisserie scent , cherie .
the air was so fresh and clean and carried the somewhat sharp scent of the sycamores .
he groaned a second time , but this was accompanied by a wave of his delicious coffee scent , which made her mouth water .
and just like that , desire rose once more as his savory coffee scent battered her senses .
he had a nice scent , something familiar , like sandalwood or a really fresh cologne .
of course bringing up sex was a mistake , because a heavy roll of his delicious coffee scent poured over her .
his scent did n't just flow ; it pounded over her until she was suddenly in his arms and clawing at his pastel brocade cadroen , trying to release it with one hand , but failing .
her scent drifted toward him and he closed his eyes and drank in the light smell of the patisserie .
an answering swell of his exotic male - and - coffee scent returned to her .
she loved that they exchanged scents , that the breh - hedden had given her this clue to his desire and response to her actions .
your beautiful scent is flooding my nostrils , fiona .
he pushed her onto her back and took her , perhaps not as gently as he should have , but she clung to him , and shed her beautiful croissant scent , and cried into his hair , and dug her nails into the flesh of his ass .
her lovely patisserie scent floated toward him , and something more , that which was just fiona , that which he carried in his mind and as a beautiful flavor on his tongue .
her grandfather used to smoke a pipe that smelled similar , only this scent was sweeter and even kind of gave her a buzz .
that strange tobacco scent seemed to be getting stronger .
but it seemed all wrong , because it was a rich floral scent , like the red roses his sister , patience , had once grown .
there were new requirements now , one in particular that had been harassing her from the moment she realized that the coffee scent she kept smelling came from him .
she leaned into him and her lovely sweet croissant scent rose up and up to surround and engulf him .
the accompanying swirl of her scent made him smile .
when another swell of her heavenly scent flowed over him , his cock , also at full - mount , jerked in response .
his scent , a beautiful , musky , sage fragrance , had already been heavy in the house , but at that moment clouds of sage had billowed toward her .
as always , the scent had teased every tender place of her body to a ripeness she 'd never experienced before .
they were his closest friends , his strongest support , but that day hav had brought tangerines home from the market without thinking what it would do to him , without remembering that for medichi , parisa smelled of tangerines , her special scent meant only for him .
for her , marcus 's special scent was like earthy grasses and fennel combined .
he had n't wanted to pleasure himself but that was the curse of his situation : because of the breh - hedden , the scent of tangerines meant parisa , and parisa meant pure hot - blooded sex .
he 'd been struck down the moment he 'd smelled parisa 's lovely pheromone - riddled tangerine scent .
only then did he realize the steamy room had filled with a delicate tangerine scent .
she took a deep breath and there it was , the one thing she could not experience when she voyeured antony : his sage scent .
his scent rose inside up and up , then penetrated her brain .
let him suffocate her with his nearness , with his embrace , with his musky sage scent .
the shampoo usually had an edgy smell but he really could n't tell because all his nose , sinuses , and brain registered was the delicious scent of tangerines .
it was the scent like a bakery or a french patisserie , like fresh - baked buttery bread or perhaps croissants .
the scent of tangerines rose into the air around him until he was mindless .
a breeze , hot and full of rich desert scents , blew over her .
parisa moved away from him and all that beautiful tangerine scent faded .
there was a strange scent in the space , though , like a parisian boulangerie , where bread was made .
all that mattered was this scent and bringing it into himself , into his body , into his soul .
she lifted her gaze to his and caught the roll of his scent , sage and all his wonderful maleness .
he breathed in the perfume of the man 's skin .
the breh - hedden has its truly horrible moments , but these scents are ridiculous and so ... '' she waved her hand in the air .
but when a swell of her tangerine scent , softened by a layer of scent that was just her , crossed the few feet between them , his body responded .
but when a swell of her tangerine scent , softened by a layer of scent that was just her , crossed the few feet between them , his body responded .
* * * parisa sucked in the dry mountain air , the resinous pine scent , and the sage that belonged to the man whose arms were still holding her from behind .
the smell of damp sycamore leaves rushed through his brain , that heavy scent , aromatic , clean .
even though they were fighting , that sweet scent of tangerines got to him all over again .
an answering rush of tangerine scent , softened with a bouquet that was just her , tingled his nostrils .
the rush of tangerine - and - woman scent rose like a cloud around him , which of course worked on his body like soft stroking fingers so that beneath his kilt he was hard as a rock .
she shivered in response because his sage scent swirled around her , licking at her body from her nose to her toes .
his lips parted and the scent of him began to roll in heavy waves so that she was surrounded by his scent .
if the tangerine scent flooding the room meant what it always had before , she 'd be ready for him .
his sage scent , roughened with a note that was all male , sent more shivers over her body .
` ` the scent of tangerines is so thick in my brain right now i can hardly think . ''
she had a scent meant just for him , an anomaly in their relationship , since specific mutual scents did n't occur in the usual course of ascended vampire life .
when elise 's strawberry scent once more rolled in his direction , his body reacted , as it always did , as though her scent punched into all his pheromone receptors at exactly the same moment .
when elise 's strawberry scent once more rolled in his direction , his body reacted , as it always did , as though her scent punched into all his pheromone receptors at exactly the same moment .
a shiver traveled straight through her and a wave of his scent , his gorgeous , sexy , toffee scent , flowed over her shoulder .
a shiver traveled straight through her and a wave of his scent , his gorgeous , sexy , toffee scent , flowed over her shoulder .
as he slid into the booth to sit at a right angle to her , his nostrils flared at how thick her scent was , how utterly seductive .
as soon as she had , pleasure barreled through her , rushing like a flash flood , pushing everything out of the way except him and his toffee scent , and his thrusts and his hips and the sheer animal power of his body .
then he spoke of the scents that he and elise shared .
all he could do was stare into her eyes , take in her delicate , very womanly scent , and stare .
even though his toffee scent was a strong indication that he wanted to be with her , probably as much as she wanted him , he had n't budged from the doorway .
in addition , her strawberry scent was an olfactory nightmare that kept on giving .
so who the hell was she , this powerful ascendiate , sitting with damp hair , a thin , strappy shirt over her full br**sts , ni**les peaked , her arms clasped around her knees , loosely , like she was doing okay , and shedding strawberry scent ?
she loved how he smelled because it was n't just toffee , it was him , a very male scent that rippled through her nose and sent vibrations into her brain .
the other part of ` ` breathy '' she understood quite well because he was leaking his toffee scent everywhere .
the scent of him , toffee and male , permeated the foyer .
until he took a breath and a whiff of strawberry scent drove through his nose , straight into his brain , and sent desire once more through his veins and into his groin .
the strawberry scent grew stronger until finally he sat up , then stood up .
he became one heavy roll of toffee and she staggered under the rich scent .
he leaned closed to her neck and sniffed , dragging her scent into his nose , more female this time , less strawberry .
a long ` ` ooooh '' came out of her mouth and her scent rolled now , a heavy strawberry - woman cloud that flooded him and took his mind deeper into an ancient primordial world .
the answering scent of strawberries told the rest of the story .
it had started with catching the scent of honeysuckle and ended with a kiss that almost turned into full - on sex - in less than a minute .
all he knew was that his skin carried her honeysuckle scent until he showered the next morning .
she would put her nose to his body and take in his extremely erotic scent , a blend of earthy grasses and licorice , like fennel .
for hours afterward , as she tossed on her bed , she would smell his rich erotic fennel scent and her body would tremble .
the shirt smelled like kerrick , the warm scent of cardamom - and - man combined , the telltale scent being the most remarkable aspect of the breh - hedden .
the shirt smelled like kerrick , the warm scent of cardamom - and - man combined , the telltale scent being the most remarkable aspect of the breh - hedden .
he 'd been so consumed by her , by her honeysuckle scent , that he 'd kissed her .
he had never heard of anyone on second earth possessing this kind of ability , yet here havily was moaning in that sweet melodic voice of hers as her honeysuckle scent infused the air of his somewhere bedroom .
come for me , he whispered again within her mind , her sweet honeysuckle scent strafing his nostrils and piercing his brain .
her honeysuckle scent poured out of her .
she smelled all his delicious fennel scent and smiled .
once more that deep , musky fennel scent , like grasses in summer , spiraled up to her .
he knew she watched him from the reflection of the chrome plate around the elevator buttons , but did she have any idea how her honeysuckle scent now filled the shared space and worked his c**k into a state of hard readiness ?
he closed his eyes , flared his nostrils , and dragged her scent into his nose .
ah , yes , the one defining quality of the breh - hedden , the giving of specific scents , male and female , meant only for the other , detected only by the other .
` ` you mean you do n't smell this sharp fennel scent ? ''
because i loved having you in my bed , on top of me , your scent flooding my nostrils .
he 'd been seated on that piece - of - shit , torn - up leather couch smelling her scent , her sweet honeysuckle , and his body had reacted like he 'd been doing lines of viagra .
he drew in a long drag of air through his nostrils , letting the honeysuckle scent of her scrape his nose raw .
his erotic fennel scent drifted in clouds over his body .
more of his fennel scent teased her , sending shivers up her thighs .
his fennel scent surrounded her .
now that marcus was separated from her by several walls , and his fennel scent was n't burrowing into her brain , her rational mind had a chance to surface .
and yes , his exotic fennel scent had swamped her , but exactly what were the two of them supposed to do now ?
keep tumbling into bed , keep exploring each other 's bodies , keep drowning in each other 's scent , keep kissing those lips and putting her hands in his hair , and letting her fingers rake his muscled flesh and oh , god , she was aroused all over again .
he could smell her honeysuckle scent and his balls tightened .
trouble was , as soon as he 'd detected her lovely honeysuckle scent wafting from the bathroom , he 'd grown as hard as flint , all over again .
` ` i always worried that i 'd frightened you , '' he said , leaning close , dragging her sweet scent into his nose .
even though she was focused on the event at hand , her scent filled the large space .
of all the aspects of the breh - hedden that battered him , this one was the most mysterious , the scents shared only between lovers .
but smelling that rich sage scent embedded in all this leather nearly sent her crumpling to the floor all over again .
he breathed in her scent through his nose and at the same time tasted more of her honeysuckle flavor from her lips .
he breathed in the scent of her - woman and honeysuckle - and released a sigh .
her nose was smashed up between his shoulder blades , which made it impossible to do anything but catch his wicked masculine fennel scent until her body was shedding fluids everywhere .
she had forgotten how sweet it could be to share the same bed , to smell the rich scent of a man , to feel the heat from a man 's body flooding an otherwise cool space and warming things up .
his fennel scent filled the room , though .
although the smell pleased him so much he might just make a phone call and see if the company made a tangerine scent .
every once in a while , though , the scent of tangerines struck his nostrils and yeah , each time , his c**k responded as though hit with punch of viagra .
` ` that sage scent you were smelling last night ? ''
havily could n't bear looking at her because she knew exactly what parisa was feeling , the depth of the sexual desire and attraction , the flood of scent that was right now passing only between the two of them , specific scents meant only for each other .
his body was pressed the full length of hers , and the release of all this aggression had tainted his fennel scent with such a heavy dose of pheromones that her knees no longer existed .
he could tell by her scent , which flooded the space between them , and by the way her breaths were short and light , that he could have told her to stand on her head and she would have agreed to it .
her rich honeysuckle scent flooded the room .
one belonged to onions and garlic simmering in olive oil , and the other was a rich fennel scent .
even at that distance , her exotic tangerine scent reached him , small wafts of scent meant just for him , which plucked at the sensitive nerves all along the insides of his thighs .
even at that distance , her exotic tangerine scent reached him , small wafts of scent meant just for him , which plucked at the sensitive nerves all along the insides of his thighs .
i have your fennel scent in my nose and i need you . ''
she knew he was aroused as well , since her nostrils were flooded with his scent , which in turn built tension all down her tender nether - lips as he plunged his tongue into her .
but he knew , he knew , that havily was what he needed right now , her honeysuckle scent in his nose and her body taking him deep inside until he released his seed .
when a wave of fennel washed over her , like licorice and grasses and summery scents , she closed her eyes and swayed even though she was sitting on the bed .
his fennel scent washed over her in waves .
and oh , his fennel scent was another intoxication .
her nostrils flared as his fennel scent brought a shiver rippling down her neck .
nothing else would do , not even her la perla nightgowns , not because they were n't soft but because they did n't carry marcus 's fennel scent embedded in every thread .
she breathed his fennel scent and savored .
havily 's scent , her beautiful honeysuckle reached him at the same time .
damn , that scent got to him , as it had from the first , tingling in his nose then working like lightning down his chest and abdomen to strike straight into his groin .
she breathed in and let his scent envelop her once more .
he dragged air through his nose and let her erotic scent drift straight into his brain .
his nostrils flared as he squeezed his eyes shut and drank in her scent .
his nostrils flared and a sudden scent of lavender hijacked his brain .
the scent gave him a rush , the way he sometimes felt after throwing back half a dozen shots of maker 's in quick succession .
he took a step forward and sucked in more of the lavender scent .
he ignored the scent of lavender , which now assaulted him like a cyclone .
she could n't believe the way her body responded to his scent , as though it belonged to her and no one else , as though she had to have it or die .
what returned was his scent , that exotic cardamom smell that once more invaded her body .
more of his incredible leathery spicy scent drifted into her nose all over again .
every breath he took brought her scent deeper into his bones .
a scent of lemons arose along with a faint resinous smell , something like paint thinner .
he could still smell the lavender scent .
the heady lush scent assaulted his nose again , sped into his brain , and this time triggered a host of reactions , each of which splintered one after the other and shot a cascade of fireworks through his central nervous system .
but the only thing he detected as unusual was an odd scent in the air , a kind of perfume that made his neck muscles jump ... and , shit , his groin muscles tighten .
but the only thing he detected as unusual was an odd scent in the air , a kind of perfume that made his neck muscles jump ... and , shit , his groin muscles tighten .
all he saw were a few ill - tended palms in enormous bronze pots and a row of sickly - looking pink plants fronting the glass office wall - nothing that could account for the fresh and rather sweet floral scent that assailed him .
he flared his nostrils , parted his lips , and took in the scent , breathed it in , all the way into his lungs and into his brain .
maybe you 're smelling her perfume . ''
he 'd been trying to escape this moment from the time he 'd first caught her lavender scent .
his familiar scent assailed her , of cardamom and his tough leathery musk .
the scent of cardamom rose again .
a rich scent hit him like he 'd walked into a perfume shop .
the scent of lavender took him on a rocket ride and he hardened painfully .
` ` and if you do n't mind my saying , you have the most wonderful ... scent ... like cardamom . ''
then there was the continued onslaught of kerrick 's massive presence in her car , the lingering erotic male scent of him , his nearness , and the temptation of touching him at will ... she drew in a long shaky breath .
and her scent .
she drew in another deep breath , and his cardamom male scent flooded her nostrils .
the living room smelled of leather couches and chairs , though not sufficiently enough to block the powerful scent of lavender that clung to alison 's skin .
at that moment the honeysuckle scent struck him all over again , like taking a hard swing of a baseball bat to his stomach .
she drew a breath , ready to turn her attention back to thorne and ask if he knew when she should visit ascendiate wells , but the strangest scent assailed her , an earthy musky scent that reminded her of - and this was quite ridiculous - fennel .
she drew a breath , ready to turn her attention back to thorne and ask if he knew when she should visit ascendiate wells , but the strangest scent assailed her , an earthy musky scent that reminded her of - and this was quite ridiculous - fennel .
the strange thing was , the scent appeared to be emanating from where warrior marcus sat , his hands clasped so tightly together she could see the whites of his knuckles .
the fennel scent sharpened , broadened , laced with a pure male musk .
unfortunately , he was really close , and when she took her next breath she smelled his wicked cardamom scent all over again .
as his cardamom scent once more rolled in a powerful wave over her , he frowned and shook his head .
she kept breathing in his wonderful scent .
his nostrils flared and he drank in alison 's heady scent like he was dying of thirst .
he was all muscle and warm skin , his cardamom scent wafting to her nostrils .
her br**sts swelled at the erotic scent , she grew wickedly wet , yet still she did n't want to disturb the moment .
night had fallen and somehow her honeysuckle scent had gotten heavier and thicker as the hours wore on .
the tastes might have pleased her enormously had it not been for one thing - all she could smell was that ridiculous fennel scent , which now puffed at her in great clouds from across the table .
her lavender scent now flooded the room .
lavender rose to him in heady waves now until his brain was drunk with the scent .
she kissed him , suckled at his swollen lips , breathed in the fierce cardamom scent that suffused the room .
as soon as he 'd touched her , her sex had bloomed and her exotic scent had filled him with purpose .
he dragged in air and there it was , the scent he now associated with her , an erotic , flowery fragrance , like something found in the tropics .
a grassy smell invaded the fir - tree scent and on instinct , he headed to the very center of what was , just as henry had said , a rocky , barren stretch of land at the lowest point of the depression .
the scent of her sex still permeated the air , that rich exotic tropical fragrance that assaulted his senses and caused his nostrils to flare then retract , working like bellows .
he wanted her and the slow , sweet scent of her sex drifted over him , alerting his body that she was ripe for him as well .
his smoky , applewood scent floated around her , causing her nostrils to flare and her mouth to water .
even her skin tasted of her tropical flower scent .
she cried out in frustration , but he continued lapping at her , savoring the taste of her that flowed over his tongue , her scent rich , his c**k hard .
the flavor , full of her scent , almost made him trip midair .
the scent of her sex , rich with her tropical - flower fragrance , hardened him even more .
and there it was , his deepest truth , the one he 'd shunned the entire time he 'd pursued batya , that he loved her , that he 'd fallen hard maybe from the first time he 'd caught that tropical flower scent of hers .
and you have that smoky scent , too .
his eyes took on a hooded look and his smoky , applewood scent got tangled up in the warm air above her .
* * * * * * * * * even batya 's skin tasted like her tropical - flower scent , something rich , heady , more than he 'd ever dreamed of .
a breeze picked up sending sharp pine scents through the air .
* * * * * * * * * ethan smelled the woman first , a scent like crushed raspberries mixed with wine , like something he could lick with his tongue and savor for a lifetime .
her raspberry - wine scent was thick in his nose and he could smell her blood , like an elixir from heaven .
as the scent of her drifted over to him , his mouth filled with saliva and it was all he could do not to groan long and loud .
his hillside grassy scent thickened in the air and tightened her abdomen .
a bitter scent , like oak leaves burning , permeated the space .
the fragrance eased him , but as he glanced at samantha , he saw ecstasy on her face as she breathed in the ancient scent .
he flew west , samantha 's raspberry wine scent pouring over him .
he saw her vein pounding and even above the rushing water and the scent of the ferns , her raspberry - wine blood called to him .
she wore his t - shirt , the black fabric soft against her skin , his grassy , hillside scent sweet in her nose .
but right now , he had his woman in his bed and he focused his thoughts on her , on the sweetness of her crushed raspberry - and - wine scent , the soft vibrations that emanated from the seat of her fae power , from the affection he saw reflected in her lovely light blue eyes , and in the softness of her lips .
a full sliver of heaven in that delicate scent , with just enough woman beneath to rob him of rational thought .
whatever the reason , more than life itself he wanted to know what her blood tasted like , if it would carry the flavor of rosemary , the scent that seemed to be attached to her always .
that she always smelled gerrod , and that his scent reminded her of fresh rain in the forest , was not something she intended to reveal to gus .
he had wanted her from the first moment he 'd laid eyes on her and caught her delicate rosemary scent .
for now , however , he would savor her soft fair skin , the light rosemary scent of her , the way she continued to sigh and coo in her contentment .
the fabric smelled rich , warm , erotic , that lovely fresh rain scent of his that simply undid her .
of course more of that fresh rain scent poured over her when she pushed the folding doors aside .
the scent of verbena pervaded the space .
i ' ve been half in love with you since that first day , when i caught your very sweet rosemary scent .
the taste was not what she expected , but rather flavored like his scent , like fresh rain , which seemed so impossible and yet was like everything she knew gerrod to be .
the scent of her was delicious - fruity and womanly , with a hint of coffee - and nate wanted to run his fingers through her pale , silken hair and just let it go , let it all go .
here in the narrow semidark room , with a lingering scent of earthy candle and lotions , there was nothing to worry about .
while she had heightened smell and could decipher shampoo , skin lotions , toothpaste , and various other scents on mortals , blood was always the easiest to pick out .
he could smell her vanilla lotion scent and feel her anxiety .
corbin moved his lips over her long , pale neck , loving the scent of her dewy flesh , the hint of rich , strong blood pumping through her juicy veins .
he peeled pink satin down in front , holding it with his thumbs , and took his time studying her sex , taking in the scent of her desire , rubbing his mouth over her softness .
he lit her cigarette , smelling the thick floral perfume she wore when her head bent to inhale .
leaning into her , he breathed deeply the scent of her body , her hair , and kissed her temple .
the air was tinged with a sour scent .
slashing his other wrist , he let the blood flow freely without making her drink , to let her smell the rich scent , let her hunger recognize it , desire it .
before taking her pants off , he bent over and ran his lips along her ni**les , closing his eyes , breathing in her scent .
now he could smell alexis , a warm blend of vanilla lotion and the natural scent of her skin , a salty anxiety .
nor would he let her arousing scent distract him , even as his nostrils flared slightly and he calculated that it had been a very long six months on the campaign trail since he 'd last had sex .
it had a sickly sweet scent to it , like she 'd been drinking one of those girl drinks with fruit in them .
he leaned over her , arm brushing her bare shoulder , took in her scent with flared nostrils , and whispered in her ear .
she breathed in his scent , light aftershave and crisp mint toothpaste .
her hot sweetness tightened as he pulled at it , the musky scent of her arousal surrounding him , filling his nostrils and blending with the scent of her mortality , her blood .
her hot sweetness tightened as he pulled at it , the musky scent of her arousal surrounding him , filling his nostrils and blending with the scent of her mortality , her blood .
she spritzed a cloud of perfume in my direction .
he was pressing against me in various places , and the scent of him , so different from mine , so earthy and male and strong , had me digging my nails into his biceps as i clung to him .
it was the scent of saturday and sunday mornings , of pajamas and pancakes and my parents smooching against the kitchen counter .
as my grandmother picked me up and rocked me on the hard chair in that waiting area , tears on her cheeks , her scent of rosewater surrounding me , she had murmured to me that the world had stopped for a moment and gone dark , but tomorrow , the sun would rise all over again .
i sighed , so relieved to feel him close to me , to smell his scent , to have his fingers caressing me .
the stubble on his chin was visible , and i could smell the subtle scent of soap and a splash of cologne .
his arms felt good , strong , and i breathed in his scent .
i snaked my arms around his waist and leaned into the familiar feel of him , taking in his masculine scent , the warmth of his shirt from the sun , the muscles in his thighs against me .
i did , crawling up between his legs , breathing in his scent , taking in his narrow lips , his eyes , so dark behind the lenses of his glasses .
` ` you smell good , '' i murmured , his scent the only thing that had n't clogged my nostrils and made me want to hurl in the last week .
i wrapped my arms around his neck and breathed in his scent .
she smelled like a soft floral perfume , blood , and the tangy musk of desire .
he briefly closed his eyes and drank in the scent .
it was unbelievably arousing , the best , most heady scent he could recall ever encountering .
he could feel the warmth of her breath and the sweet scent of the wine she 'd drank on her lips .
he leaned close and breathed in as if he was savoring the scent of her juices , the action so erotic that even with her forceful release , she was instantly aroused again .
she found herself even leaning toward him slightly , just to catch a whiff of his scent of soap and something else she had never quite been able to define .
so he focused on the feel of stella in his arms , the soft floral scent of her hair , and the sound of her sobbing as it slowed into snuffled crying .
he lapped at it , breathing deeply in through his nose as he took in her scent .
opening her mouth , she bent her head over his flesh , drawing the scent of wyatt into her nostrils .
he had an earthy , masculine scent that tugged at her inner thighs .
sweat and soaps and perfumes and , under that , something that was n't foul in the least .
their blood scent hung over the room like a london fog , surrounding them with its enticing sweetness .
she did n't even fully understand what the sweet , luring scent called her to do , she just knew with every fiber of her being she wanted to do it .
cort 's nearness , his scent , the friction of his hand on her arm and strength of his body close beside her , all of him , seemed to center her and shield her from everything else .
her warm , musky scent filled his nose , reminding him of a dewy morning with the sun warming the green grass .
never mind the jostling of the crowd , bodies close to her , body heat , and the sweet scent that seemed to cling to every mortal like a sugary coating .
her face was tucked in the shadows , her hair falling over her cheek , a soft crisp breeze drifting over him , bringing the scent of flowers to mingle with the tangy aftereffects of their lovemaking .
she closed her eyes and breathed in his scent of tobacco and cologne .
she could smell him , a light masculine cologne intermingling with the scent of fabric softener .
damien had leaned over closer - she could hear hi breathing , smell toothpaste and the coconut scent of th sunscreen .
her nipples pushed painfully against her bra , and mandy leaned closer to him , pulling his scent of night breeze , sand , and male muskiness into her nostrils .
knees on the bed , damien leaned down and kissed her inner thigh , right , then left , nuzzling his nose into her firm flesh and breathing the salty scent of her perspiration , and the sweetness of her arousal .
he could smell the floral scent of her lotion , feel the dampness of her hair as he drove his fingers through her curls .
damien breathed in her scent , soft and floral .
he wanted to breathe her scent in , absorb her , drag moisture from her body at the same time his tongue dragged out those sexy sounds of ecstasy .
the smell was a mix of the old musty , stale air , and the newer scents of candles burning and a vase full of flowers .
marley could n't see specifics of what he was doing , but the soft moans , the motion , the ripe tangy scent in the air told her very clearly what was going on .
it smelled different than my room does , with its powders and perfumes .
i was walking along the path that cut between the kitchen and the house , inhaling the thick heavy scents of baking bread and jasmine .
she 'd never seen him smoking , but the rich tobacco scent seemed right on him , and she wanted to bury her nose in the cotton of his shirt , absorb him into her .
marley went into the maison principale and up to bed , with the scent of him still on her skin , her clothes , in her mouth , with her body still moist from want , and her heart sick with desire for what she could never have .
` ` you do n't think sex and sweat are good scents for a boardroom ? ''
another turn , another set of bodies , flashes of skin , sounds of moaning , hot breathing , candles and sex scents floating through the air , and marley felt panic rise like bile in her throat .
breathe in his scent , take comfort in his strength .
which was probably why he was so uncomfortable walking ahead of sara michaels , why he was so hyperaware of the sound of her breathing , the scent of her perfume , the glimpse of her arm behind him , fingers stroking along the banister as they ascended .
which was probably why he was so uncomfortable walking ahead of sara michaels , why he was so hyperaware of the sound of her breathing , the scent of her perfume , the glimpse of her arm behind him , fingers stroking along the banister as they ascended .
he realized it immediately , heard her sandals , the rustle of her dress , felt the air move behind him , aware of the scent of her perfume , a strange olfactory combination that he thought included cinnamon .
he realized it immediately , heard her sandals , the rustle of her dress , felt the air move behind him , aware of the scent of her perfume , a strange olfactory combination that he thought included cinnamon .
smelling her feminine perfume and touching the small of her back .
the scent of her hair filled his nostrils and he breathed deeply .
how could she not know , just once , what it felt like to have him inside her , their bare skin touching everywhere , her ankles locked around his waist , the sweet scent of sweat and sex hovering between them , his dark eyes staring down at her ?
gabriel lay as motionless as he possibly could , afraid to brush against her , afraid to inspire her hand to start up stroking again , afraid to breathe and catch a whiff of her scent , her shampoo , her femininity .
the scent of her filled his nostrils , the hot rush of her breath dancing over his flesh , the weight of her hip leaning against his , the smoothness of her leg massaging his calf .
that he thought about her every day , that he longed to hear her voice , smell her cinnamon scent , touch her soft skin and hair .
the scent of flowers from the neighbor 's hanging baskets filled her nostrils , and god , she felt good .
felix could feel his own anticipation for the meal , feel the pleasure of the innocuous domestic scene , smell his mother 's floral perfume , and see the crisp newness of his gloves .
the scent was cloying and overpowering in her room .
` ` regan , '' he breathed , taking in her floral scent .
felix leaned forward and brushed his lips over her panties , taking in the scent of her arousal .
his scent was all over her body , and she still felt the remnants of him between her thighs .
it would go sour , he had no doubt of it , but for now , he could close his eyes , breathe in her scent and affection , and feel happy .
` ` i smell my mother 's perfume .
the room sharpened around her , her breathing loud and harsh to her ears , the smell of the burning candles mixing in an overwhelming jumble of scents , and regan thought she heard whispering .
she could feel the warm breeze , feel the nakedness of her own flesh , feel the hint of laughter washing in like an ocean wave , smell the heavy floral perfume of camille 's mother .
i sucked in the ocean scent , staring over the railing at the dark waves crashing into the rocky shore as we pulled away .
i kissed his skin softly , breathing in his scent .
in fact , i sank into the embrace , taking in her floral scent .
needles rained to the hardwood and the scent of pine filled the air .
i just touched his face , slid my foot over his calf , drew my lips across his earlobe , inhaling his scent .
when i moved back an inch , i breathed deeply , filling my nostrils with his scent .
her hair tickled his cheek , and he could smell the cherry , musky , floral scent of her .
the thick sultry air moved around her , the sweet scent of wildflowers clinging to the air , and shelby breathed deeply as she ran .
eyes half closed as she let his chest hold up her head , shelby breathed in the sweaty sexy scent of boston 's skin , felt the sheen of moisture on his flesh in the humid barn , and arched her back as he drove into her .
the air was heavy with the earthy scent of straw and dirt , the sweet desire of shelby 's wet sex , and her ragged moans .
but staring at her tiny beauty , smelling her soft formula - and - powder scent , shelby felt everything inside her shift and rise up in a suffocating cloud of longing .
he kept his head between her br**sts , breathing in the salty scent of her warm flesh beneath his lips , while he kept his fingers still and let her ride out her pleasure .
shelby sharing the white house with him day and night , torturing him with her sweet natural scent and her no - nonsense attitude .
he smelled so good , a musky soapy scent that tickled her nose and reminded her of what it had felt like to be under him out in the cornfield .
the feel of her tight ni**les , the scent of her warm skin , nearly made him forget his own name .
she was like wildflow - ers , fragrant and riotous , bold and attention - grabbing with their scent , height , color .
willie shifted the basket under her arm , the scent of chicken rising to her nose .
he breathed in the scent of her , a soft , fruity smell that reminded him of bubble gum .
amanda always had lotions and glosses and powders on her , and while the scents were enticing , he wondered what she would smell like with nothing on her , just bare flesh .
danny worked the panties down inch by inch , leaning over her as he spoke , his mouth so close to her flesh he could see the goose bumps rising , smell the sweet scent of her desire .
he was just enjoying the light scent , an odd sense of homecoming working its way inside him .
as the scent of the coffee filled the small kitchen , brady looked around .
they had traded houses with danny 's parents when jack was born , to give them more room , and amanda loved lying in the four - poster bed in their bedroom with the window seat , the soft breeze wafting in through the window , bringing with it the scent of her lavender plants .
all morning piper had been smelling the thick scent of ripe strawberries and sugar .
he was saved from having to reply to marge by a woman swooping down on him and enveloping him in a hug , smothering him in dark hair , dangling earrings , and a strong scent of patchouli .
it was clean and sharp , but with the underlying earthy scent of animal and freshly threshed crops .
he could n't place the scent she wore .
it was n't a heavy perfume , it was n't floral .
when she crawled into her new temporary quarters , she buried her head into the pillow and drew in a deep breath , the masculine scent of brady still lingering on the linen .
goosebumps rose on her skin as he bent over , breathing deeply the scent of her , brushing his nose across the warm flesh of her stomach , teasing her .
i breathe in deeply , the rich , woodsy scent of him filling my nose .
the faint scent of alcohol that began to cling to momma whenever she 'd been to work .
i breathe in deeply , taking in his woody scent , and touch the pad of my thumb to his mouth .
under the salty smell of the sea , the distinct , unmistakeable scent of cow poo drifts to my nose .
i hug her back and take in her distinctive scent of roses , fresh blossoms and a hint of freshly baked bread .
my nose twitches as i sniff it , that glorious scent .
i breathe in that strawberries and cream scent that 's so lexy .
it 's bad enough being in the car with him - his distinct scent is everywhere , that indescribable yumminess that makes me bury my face in his neck every time i smell it .
i thought i would breathe it in , the scent of home .
i cup the back of her head and breathe her in , the flowery scent of her shampoo filling my nose as i lay my cheek atop her head .
his scent still lingers on the pillow my head rests on .
she hugs my arm , and i breathe in the sharp apple scent of her hair , the ends tickling my nose .
i smile , the caramel scent drifting up from my cup .
it 's a spicy scent that 's so out of place in california , but so right for him .
i sigh deeply , pulling her closer to me , and breathe in the vanilla scent of her hair .
she 's close enough to me that i can smell the flowery perfume she wears and see the dot of mascara on her eyelid she did n't wipe off .
i wrap my arms around his waist as his go around mine , and i breathe in his distinctive scent .
the fresh scent brings a smile to my face .
everything is him , from the photo on my dresser to the lingering scent of him on my pillow .
i breathe in his rich scent as he does and immediately berate myself .
warm and familiar with the gentle scent of cigar smoke , it comforts me instantly .
i want to taste him on my tongue , see his dark eyes that show so much , smell his cologne mix with his natural scent .
i roll over so i ' m facing his side , and the scent of him that lingers on his pillow encompasses me .
the toast is hot , and the scent of melted butter assaults my senses .
` ` i ' m fine , '' she gasped while he untied her , the familiar scent of him settling her nerves with each shaky inhale .
each slow , shallow breath mingled with the scent of baked earth and musky man .
each step pushed the fresh scent of morning out of the ground .
sex was so not what he wanted to talk about now with stella so fresh in his mind he could swear the eucalyptus scent of her lingered .
her red hair fanned out on the pillow , dry and carrying the scent of him since apparently she 'd used his shampoo .
as if the shower fresh scent of her was n't already driving him nuts .
she could draw in the scent of his shampoo with each breath .
the scents of their date swirled in her mind so tangibly she could swear she still smelled the incense , the spices , and the light glistening of perspiration .
he squeezed his eyes closed , resting his forehead on her and just breathing in the unique scent of her that overrode any shampoo .
even with his body on high alert , still he could n't help but catch the scent of her hair , the softness of her body .
she could still feel the imprint of his arms , carried the intoxicating scent of him on her clothes .
the fresh scent of toothpaste and soap seeped through her .
the lingering scent of goat liver from lunch made her nauseous .
the scent of musk and sandalwood reached to her .
she gulped in bracing gasps of air , until the familiar smells of paste and paper helped balance out the scent of this man .
he drew in the eucalyptus scent of her shampoo , the satiny feel of her skin under his fingertips .
memories of a trip to the beach sucker punched her with the scent of peanut butter sandwiches and sunscreen .
he gathered her against his chest , breathing in the familiar scent of the hand lotion .
the familiar music and scent of grilling meat reminded him of home .
she drew in air and could swear she was actually breathing , except there was no antiseptic scent of a hospital .
salty wind spiraled through , whipping around his ripe musty scent mixed with something else .
he just held her while she breathed in the musky scent of him and absorbed some of his strength .
the scent of his aftershave clung to the air .
the scent of her hung in the moist air .
so different from his boyhood farm where the animals had roamed free ... although the scent of honeysuckle was the same .
the scent of his shampoo in her hair ... and oh , god , her hair .
the woman - liam 's ` ` friend '' -sported sleek designer slacks and sky - high heels and brought with her an air of crisp efficiency and subtle perfume .
she smiled again , pearly teeth flashing as the chilly gust of the air conditioner wafted around more of her subtle signature scent .
and then the scent of honeysuckle filled him , engulfed him , until he wanted to curl up and sleep for a decade .
he rested his chin on her head , breathing in the scent of his soap on her body .
he leaned back to give himself space from the tempting scent of her .
disco was seriously loving the open - air ride , his muzzle tipped up into the wind , taking in the rush of scents .
the fishy scents from the bag made her nauseous .
she tipped her head to the last rays of sun heating down on her , wishing she could fill herself , lose herself , in the lush nature scents around her , as disco did .
brandon tugged her arm , the familiar feel and scent of him soothing her fear .
the scent of her freshly washed hair as she walked beside him chased away the rest of the world .
she rested her forehead on his chest , inhaling the familiar musky scent of him and letting it sweep away the fear she 'd been carting around like an eighty - pound pack .
` ` you can touch me too , you know , '' she whispered against his mouth , the scent of honeysuckle filling the space between them .
he drew in the scent and taste of her , all the while still tuning in for cues of what she wanted .
the scent of her filled the air and he lifted his head , tipping his face to catch a whiff of her , going harder , knowing how she could n't resist him .
general sullivan smiled , the scent of breath mints and overpriced aftershave thick and cloying .
a breeze slipped over her , crisp with the scent of the ocean and possibility .
pressing a kiss to his smooth forehead , she breathed in the scent of his freshly washed skin and hair .
now she smelled twenty years worth of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , a scent that no amount of hospital antiseptic could dispel .
the silence echoed around him , the scent of her , of them , and sex mixing up with the disinfectant in the air .
the air was thick with an antiseptic scent and pained groans .
the smell from the pine air freshener dangling off the rearview mingled with the clean bleach scent of the bedrolls brought in by a humanitarian group today for the volunteer doctors .
his senses were still immersed in the scent of their mingled sweat , the feel of her skin against his , the musical tone of his name from her lips .
she rubbed her cheek against the warm cotton of his shirt , breathing in the musky scent of him , so familiar now .
and as the pressure eased , she became more aware of the world around her , the crisp scent of the wooden crates .
her scent , her softness , it was all imprinted on him and in him now .
each deep , healing breath sucked in the scent of hydraulic fluid and musty military gear , saturated from missions around the world .
the scent of baby clung to her sister - in - law 's clothes .
the scent of his soap was so vivid she could almost imagine what his skin would taste like if she were to ... she cleared her throat and willed her heartbeat to conduct business as usual .
savoring the scent of his freshly washed body .
the scent of his soap mixed with the smoky outdoors air from the fireplace until it seemed his place and her world blended .
she wanted to linger , draw in the scent of them together , musky and mingling with the hint of smoke .
the warmth of her naked body , every curve fitting against him , made him want to stay awake and catalog the feel , the scents .
she met him face - to - face , the scent of his morning workout still clinging lightly to the air .
as the scent of bacon and eggs from a nearby breakfast wafted into the empty hall , she swallowed hard , trying to find the words .
the scent of coffee carried from the mom - and - pop diner across the street .
the rich java scent drifted up as she blew into the still - steaming drink .
she added a bar of soap to her pile of toiletries , the scent of some kind of berries drifting across the room .
he knew just how their mouths fit together , the scent of her , cinnamon .
he closed his eyes and lost himself in the feel of her skin against his , the scent of her , like a bali orchid .
just breathing in her perfume stirred him , making him ache to show her just how much he wanted only her .
the warmed flannel of his shirt was soft against her fingertips , the scent of him and the crisp air filling her senses .
the wind carried the scent of the sea as she circled past a line of three boats on trailers with the power plant logo stamped along the side .
he ached to hold her , catch the scent of her hair , the taste of her .
his eyes closed and for the most awesome second he could remember , he just breathed in the scent of her hair that somehow still carried the crisp perfume of wide - open alaska spaces .
his eyes closed and for the most awesome second he could remember , he just breathed in the scent of her hair that somehow still carried the crisp perfume of wide - open alaska spaces .
her senses went on high alert , taking in david 's crisp scent that pushed away the sting of smoke .
he 'd already determined her perfume only had a radius of twenty - four inches as long as the ceiling fan did n't swirl the air around too much in her little office .
then she turned to look at him and he caught the scent of her hair , a flowery perfume like the jasmine in his home state of south carolina .
then she turned to look at him and he caught the scent of her hair , a flowery perfume like the jasmine in his home state of south carolina .
the scent of smoke on the air , the wail of sirens in the distance , all reminded her of how fragile life could be .
the breeze mingled scents of sticky tar and sweat .
the scent of him , like crisp air and musk , saturated the air and chased away the acrid stench of fear .
he pressed his face into the curve of her neck , drawing in the jasmine perfume of her shampoo .
her head pushed back into the sofa , releasing his scent lingering on the fabric .
the scent of his soap , aftershave , and something uniquely him .
his erection throbbed harder between them , and the jasmine scent of her filling his senses only made him harder .
his musky male scent pleasantly distracted her from the casino 's smoky odor .
lucy reached into her pocket and pulled out a tiny travel bottle of hand sanitizer- orange nectar scent .
even the scent of italian java steaming upward could n't disguise the antiseptic scent .
the scent of seawater and grilled tapas hung in the air as the next shift of wait staff took over food services .
the crisp scent of his aftershave , the heat of his breath against her ear sent her sagging against the door .
the scent of his soap and a hint of perspiration from the warm night mingled on the salty breeze with each breath that seemed to come faster and faster until her eyes fell to his mouth .
the exotic scent of mediterranean herbs and flowers- livia 's perfume- lingered so tangibly he could almost swear it clung to his clothes the way she clung to his memory .
she sagged back against lucy , her cousin 's french perfume radiating off her .
of course , that meant a return trip to her room , where he would be bombarded again with the scent of her perfume in the air , the silky feel of her shirts as he 'd scanned her closet ...
of course , that meant a return trip to her room , where he would be bombarded again with the scent of her perfume in the air , the silky feel of her shirts as he 'd scanned her closet ...
her exotic perfume swelled down the hall .
as quick as she 'd arrived , the woman sashayed off in a swirl of perfume and body - hugging turquoise silk .
her head fell to rest on his shoulder , the scent of mediterranean herbs and flowers drifting upward .
his musky scent mingled with hers in a primal perfume that made her ache for a deeper connection .
his musky scent mingled with hers in a primal perfume that made her ache for a deeper connection .
when she leaned back , chuck almost groaned out loud at the feel of her , the scent .
chimes and bells , shouts and groans filled the air as thickly as the perfume from the overscented , overprivileged women littering this place .
her signature scent drifted up like incense as he unveiled her .
the scent of bleached sheets made her dizzy as heat wafted from the oversized machines .
mason palmed her spine , low and firm , deepening the kiss until the hard planes of his body , the taste and texture of him , the scent of warm leather imprinted in her memory .
` ` right now , '' he teased the rose along her cheek , releasing more of the floral perfume , ` ` i ' m big time into you . ''
without breaking contact , she eased back on the bed , her head settling to rest on the plump pillows , wafting the scent of fabric softener - his new favorite erotic smell , right up there with roses .
he almost groaned his relief at finally being able to stretch over her , their bodies crushing petals , releasing a fresh swell of perfume .
the scent of roses clung to her ` ` sarong , '' reminding her of how long they 'd rolled together in those petals while they 'd loved each other with their bodies , their mouths , even their eyes .
her mouth watered , and it had nothing to do with the delicate crepes he cooked in the pan , the scent of brown sugar , nutmeg , and cinnamon teasing her nose .
he breathed in the scent of her , the scent of them together and alive at the end of a day that could have turned out so horribly differently .
her silky black hair fanned across the bleached white pillowcase , her exotic perfume overriding the antiseptic smell .
she leaned closer , her perfume thick and cloying .
he tucked her closer against his side , warming her with his body heat and leathery scent .
he pivoted away from her , the air too thick with the scent of soap .
already his scent wrapped around her as firmly as the coat .
he smelled of a fresh shower and a scent essentially him .
he brushed past , catching a whiff of her chanel perfume .
her chanel perfume wafted up again , another thing that had n't changed .
he remembered the scent well after buying the requisite bottle every valentine 's day .
smell more of her chanel scent until it was as if she filled every inch inside him .
she inhaled the musky scent of vince and some kind of rosy air freshener , desperate to erase the tinge of smoke still stinging her nose and memory .
even with the scent of his fresh - washed body and spicy soap , she smelled ... another woman .
he drew in her scent , wanted more and took it , stroking and laving .
he teased the rose over her nose , the sweet perfume mingling with the musky scent of sex .
he teased the rose over her nose , the sweet perfume mingling with the musky scent of sex .
her perfume smelled nice , but then he realized he could only smell it because she was sweating .
she gasped in air heavy with the scent of musky male and something akin to engine oil .
the scent of expensive tobacco swelled upward .
he was practically nose to nose with her , the scent of aftershave , salty water , and something unmistakably masculine teasing her nose .
wafting scents of roasting kabobs in a nearby stall presented a far greater distraction , since this mission left more time for drinking and little for eating .
her scent , something flowery and intensely feminine , teased his nose .
she 'd imagined surrounding herself with floral perfume to erase the stench of her amoral family .
the solid strength of his arms , the musky scent of him , the vibrant beat of his heart felt damn good right now .
tough to do with the taste of her still on his mouth , her flowery scent still in his senses , the feel of her soft body under his still imprinted.her revelation had knocked him on his ass at a time he was still reeling from the explosion and how close she 'd come to getting blown up .
the scent of expensive tobacco almost managed to override the cloying cologne of the woman at the next table .
the scent of grilled kabobs and strong turkish coffee filled the air even hours after the street vendors had closed down for the day .
her perfume swamped his nose .
a gentle breeze drifted inward and over her , carrying the soothing scent of spring blossoms .
he pulled her flush against him , the clean scent of his soap and something essentially him sending her senses on overload.and she had n't even kissed him .
her own warmth ratcheted up the scent of her lavender perfume to mingle with his scent .
her own warmth ratcheted up the scent of her lavender perfume to mingle with his scent .
her own warmth ratcheted up the scent of her lavender perfume to mingle with his scent .
the barely there flowery scent of her that was so sweet and clean and feminine it made him want to get closer to inhale her .
she lathered soap in her hands , and he willed himself to slow down and enjoy the moment as she infused the humidity with a flowery scent he recognized as hers .
even as he raced , stone soaked in the scents and sounds of home - the squeak of the saddle , the whistle of the wind through the pines .
her own racing heartbeat filled her ears now , each breath faster and faster , filling her lungs with the scent of hay and leather .
the scent of freshly waxed floors and flowers greeted her , but not even a cat or dog of her own .
need coursed through her , hot and molten , with just a splash of sweetness , like the scent of the tulips she 'd brought with her into the bedroom .
sliding his arms around her , he breathed in her flowery scent and savored the silky tease of her braided hair gripped in his fist .
he skimmed a hand down her pulled - back hair , releasing more of that floral scent .
but the wind twined around them as if binding them with whispering bands of air carrying his scent mingling with hers .
as the coffee gurgled the scent of java into the air , he felt the weight of eyes studying him .
she drew in the heat and salty scent of him , her senses starved after months without him .
she stretched under the egyptian cotton sheets , the scent of lovemaking mingling with the ocean air blowing in through the window .
a fresh whiff of bluebonnet perfume wafted up from the press of their bodies .
the peacefulness and the sweet scent carrying along the breeze of home . ''
motel shampoo mixed with the lingering antiseptic scent of the hospital .
his musky scent permeated the interior of the truck , and she breathed in the reassurance of pure jacob .
he would n't tonight , either , with her scent still clinging to his sheets .
as she tugged the sweatshirt over her head , jacob 's scent , his warmth , enveloped her , tempting her to seek the real thing .
the antiseptic scent filled her nose .
her harrumph over the closet stated she did n't approve of the musty scent .
he dipped his head for another kiss , his hand plunging into her soft hair again , releasing more of her floral perfume .
the antiseptic scent of the hospital as unwelcome a stench as the stench of ... worse than muck ... death .
even through the antiseptic hospital smell she recognized the spicy scent of him .
they never even saw him from his perch in the nearby greasy spoon where he inhaled the scent of frying hamburgers and humanity .
she inhaled the scent of rick 's spicy aftershave permeating the room .
the scents clung to the humidity , saturating the air and her awakening senses as the tub 's motor hummed softly underneath her .
she risked a deeper breath , inhaling the scent of laundry detergent .
sure he 'd done it for her father , but he had seemed concerned for her , too ... god , she was already weakening around him again , the warmth and scent of his leather jacket more enticing than it should be .
damned if the thing did n't smell like her now , a light flowery perfume and something unmistakably her .
carson , full of musky scent mixed with fresh ocean air , unmistakably him .
he walked up alongside her in the garage , the scent of motor oil arousing as hell when mixed with a hint of nikki 's soap .
he brushed around and past , leaving behind his double - mint gum scent and unwelcome doubts about her students , as well as questions about that whole strange once - over moment from reis that still totally creeped her out .
the scent of nikki 's soap .
his chin fell to rest on top of her head , the scent of her mingling with the ocean air to fill the hollow - ness inside him .
finally , he gave up and allowed himself to bury his face in her hair and breathe in the scent of her .
the night they 'd made this precious child came blazing back to mind in sensual detail , tingling along nerves and bringing the remembered scent of him , them together .
he 'd kissed the top of her head and breathed in deeply as if catching the scent of her hair .
she sifted the scented bits between her fingers , such tiny scraps to give off such a potent scent .
the scent of roses taunted him , reminding him of his plans to romance her .
her tangy sunscreen scent clung to the dry air .
deja vu whipped over her faster than the evening wind carrying the scent of barley and the earthy fertility of spring .
i 'd smell your neck and wonder what that aloe scent is- '' ` ` avon 's skin so soft , a mosquito repellant . ''
` ` and a mighty sexy bug repellant it is , suddenly the most erotic scent ever . ''
he breathed in the aloe scent of her the way he soaked in a song to soothe his soul until his world steadied .
paige stayed quiet as he plucked through the piece while the wind carried the scent of fresh - mown grass and paige 's flowery soap .
the nudge moment of realization had lowered his defenses , leaving him wide - open to endless more tiny nudges as he finally let himself just watch her and breathe in her new scent .
even downy - fresh clean , the fabric still carried his spicy scent .
parked in front of his piano with warm paige beside him and the scent of sex all around them both , he played through every mellow love song classic he could remember , to offer paige the romance he should have earlier .
the scent of coffee and bacon in the air answered her question about the empty space beside her .
tiny arms wrapped around her neck while the sweet scent of strawberry shampoo and healthy little girl swelled her heart .
this understanding came to him in a whispering moment as gentle as the caress of paige 's hand along his skin or the subtle scent of her flowery cologne .
smoke from the fire drafted surprisingly well up the pipe until only the sweet scent of burning wood remained , almost sweet enough to cover the musty smell of bedding and damp clothes .
the clean scent of soap and the warm softness of her skin saturated his senses .
although the musky scent of him mixing with the subtle smoky air was working well for starters .
he could n't think about much of anything except the scent of her damp , satiny heat against him , her moans and sighs and yes , more pleadings .
he turned his face against the sweet scent of her skin toward the hazy glow rippling across the plexiglas .
chapter 3 tucked into her hospital bed , rena extended her arm for the nurse 's routine blood pressure check , antiseptic air making her long for the scents of home and the comfort of her own bed to gather her thoughts .
the familiar scent of her favorite peppermint mouthwash and flowery perfume washed through his senses along with images of sharing a bed .
the familiar scent of her favorite peppermint mouthwash and flowery perfume washed through his senses along with images of sharing a bed .
the flowery scent of her shampoo that reminded him of all her flowers filling the dark , empty places in their lives .
muggy gusts of air through the open window by the tool bench provided minimal cooling , merely moving around the scent of sweat and motor oil .
he swallowed down fear and a hefty whiff of her perfume .
she inhaled his scent to mix with the sound of his voice still in her head and drifted into that twilight restfulness , neither asleep nor fully awake , when thoughts took their own direction .
his smile caressed her inner thigh just before he continued his path up until her scent filled his senses - roses and pure her .
he struggled to sit , canting up closer to the scent wafting off ... wool dangling overhead .
` ` so , sergeant , '' said their captor , hot breath blocking out the scents of home .
he settled her closer , enjoyed the scent and softness of her .
carried her toward the bed and inhaled the flowery scent .
he crowded her with his bulk and fresh - washed scent .
how could she not remember with his scent and hands all over her ?
the powder spread a cherry - red stain and scent .
she unrolled the sleeping bag , wafting free a scent she was quickly coming to identify as musty military .
her clean aloe scent teased into his memory along with the taste of her when they 'd kissed .
right this moment with his fingers buried in yasmine 's dark hair and her exotic scent drifting all around him , he was n't feeling particularly wise .
anchored himself with the feel of her lush body against him , her aloe shampoo scent rising to greet him as he buried his face in her hair .
after three and a half months without him , monica indulged herself to the fullest with the breadth of his shoulders under her hands , the musky scent of him around her , the taste of his salty skin as she nipped his neck .
the combination of her hands on him and the smoky , exotic scent all around him stirred him too much , too fast , for a man his age , damn it .
she gulped in gasps of clean air filled with the scent of him .
rustling sounded seconds before her aloe scent washed over him , his senses heightened by the absence of sight .
wind twined around them mingling the familiar scents of her homeland with the now - familiar scent of her future .
wind twined around them mingling the familiar scents of her homeland with the now - familiar scent of her future .
fruity scent wafted up , almost managing to override the persistent itch from the mess , an itch that would be increasingly uncomfortable once he got monica naked .
the distinctive scent of imported cubans favored by the rubistanian guard from the embassy snaked around her .
the scent of bay rum mingled with the pervasive air of hydraulic fluid .
her familiar scent of honeysuckle teased his nose .
she simply absorbed the familiar feel and scent of him , absorbed the differences she 'd observed earlier , the harder edges of a man instead of a boy .
his forehead fell to rest on hers and he inhaled the scent of her honeysuckle shampoo .
the scent of bay rum - of danny - drifted up from the rumpled sheets where she 'd lain awake , too aware of him with every breath .
strength seeped into her with each waft of steam carrying the lingering scent of daniel 's aftershave .
who knew red licorice had such a distinctive scent ?
the captain 's military paraphernalia wafting an odd hydraulic fluid scent she 'd come to realize permeated air force gear .
shallow tides bordered the house on three sides , rotting marsh grass emitting a methane scent into the air .
he inhaled the honey - suckle scent of her shampoo like some infatuated adolescent .
laughing , he pulled her close , inhaled the scent of honeysuckle shampoo and the promise of forever .
his callused fingers enfolded hers , his scent chasing right up the link to blanket her with intoxicating potency .
she edged forward , her scent of baby powder and soap edging further right into his senses .
wind drifted an intoxicating swell of hibiscus and philodendron perfumes .
that pina colada scent saturated her senses , making her thirsty and so very hungry at the same time .
a tough - as - hell proposition when her baby powder scent clung to the sheet trailing off the side .
darcy tried to ignore the scent of musk and suntan oil .
the scent of coconut and musk and man filled her already fuzzy senses .
just as he 'd done then , he gathered her close and held on a little too hard as she inhaled the familiar scent of starch and old spice .
he held her close , probably too tight , and inhaled the scent of her .
she inhaled the warm sunshine scent of his hair as max inched the zipper down on her flight suit , following the revealing path with his mouth .
she tucked her head under his chin , the scent of her shampoo drifting up .
the twining vines and floral island scents that had seemed so lush and beautiful during her walks with max now suffocated her .
finally , she rested her forehead against his and inhaled the scent of coconut oil , musk and man .
his sheets would carry her scent when he slept there later .
for once the familiar textures and scents did n't bring the soothing effect she 'd hoped for in suggesting this project to ivy and shelby .
his musky scent had clung to steam , permeating the air far beyond the bathroom walls , drifting into the bedroom until he invaded her senses without ever dropping his fine butt into her bed .
she tugged the jacket zipper down , link by link , the rasp taunting him almost as much as her shower - fresh scent and low - riding pajama bottoms .
the woman 's perfume preceded her .
shelby ducked away , pretending to tighten aggie 's flea collar , but she could still smell her mother 's perfume , just like when her mom used to read her bedtime stories .
enveloped in leather and the lingering musk of zach 's scent , she swallowed , twice , and still her mouth dried right up .
the lingering rosy scent clung to her , drifting up to permeate the still office air .
or the scent of musky sweat and sex linking their bodies .
he stood , draping his shirt over a hanger , a shirt that still carried the scent of roses and !
her scent swirled around him , strawberry shampoo and fresh air .
the musky scent of leather and cedar wafted straight out and into her before she could untangle her thoughts enough to ignore it .
the lingering scent of her minty shampoo on his hands .
tanner inhaled the chicory scent of his coffee to override the mint wafting from kathleen .
and that humidity now carried the distinctive scent of kathleen 's shampoo .
of course breathing the scent of undiluted kathleen offered almost as much satisfaction as tasting her .
the fresh scent of his shower , soap and coffee drifted her way with precise navigation .
reassured , she nestled closer and simply enjoyed inhaling the scent of soap , leather .
tanner held kathleen against him and breathed in her scent .
the warm scent of chocolate wafted from the bag to fill the confined space .
too easily she could inhale that mixture of bay rum aftershave and just him tinged with sweat , a scent too reminiscent of summer afternoons spent making love , sleeping entangled , making love again .
even needing a bath and fresh clothes , he carried that precious baby scent universal to all small children .
the occasional whiff of her peach scent chased away the acrid bite in the air , if for just a distracting second .
oh there was plenty of emotional sweat to go around , and it carried the tauntingly familiar scent of bay rum and gray .
the whole town carried the scent of humidity and history .
the precious perfume of baby shampoo and sunshine twined around her .
immersed in his touch and the scent of peaches , she could only close her eyes and moan .
lori gathered up magda , inhaling the precious scent of baby shampoo , and stood .
he raised his arm beside lori 's face and pointed , the scent of dry cleaner starch oddly arousing .
and honest to god , the bay rum scent of him was intoxicating enough .
the bay rum scent of him wrapping around her completely now , rather than just teasing - tempting - her senses .
all the same , she could n't help but draw in another whiff of his bay rum scent now that she was as close to him as she 'd ever been .
the soft feminine feel and minty scent of her was damn near driving him bonkers .
he leaned forward , taking her cool hand in his , the minty scent of her carrying on the late - night breeze .
the air conditioners kicked on silently , swirling the air around , mixing the smell of java with her fresh mint scent .
he was so close their breath mingled until she could n't tell if the coffee scent came from him or from her .
but photos and movies and tabloids just did n't capture the vivid colors , clashing sounds , exotic scents .
troy stood behind her , leaning in ever so slightly until his bay rum scent mixed with the perfume of live flowers .
troy stood behind her , leaning in ever so slightly until his bay rum scent mixed with the perfume of live flowers .
he would breathe in the scent of her shampoo , stay right there until she woke up and rolled into his embrace , inviting him to indulge in more .
climbing the winding wooden stairs , she drew in the exotic perfume of lush fertility seasoned with salty sea air .
` ` i ' m a self - centered playboy , '' he said against the top of her head , breathing in the scent of her minty shampoo .
the press of her naked curves against him was damn near driving him insane with the urge to drop to the ground right here , right now and thrust inside her , out here in the open air , on the lush earth , with the scent of crushed foliage and flowers all around them .
` ` i have to confess ... '' she stroked back his still - damp hair , the scent of mint and furniture polish riding the humid air .
the scent of native flowers drifted on the breeze through the open windows , providing an intoxicating moment when she realized just how aware she was around this man .
of the soaring sensation of being inside her with the scent of their mutual arousal perfuming the air .
her fragrant , delicious scent smacked him in the face , reminding him like nothing else could of all he 'd never have .
his musky scent invaded her personal space and she almost forgot to breathe .
his scent was warm and familiar , comforting yet arousing at the same time .
the scent of soap and shampoo , of clean , musky male enveloped her in a humid fog .
she shook her head and he caught a whiff of her fragrant scent .
` ` listen- '' she sidled up to him , bringing with her the intoxicating scent he associated with molly .
he inhaled her womanly scent and his muscles tightened with definite awareness .
he 'd jolted awake this morning , her scent all over his pillows , the memories of making love to her vivid .
molly settled back into her chair beside hunter , far enough away that no body parts touched , but close enough that when he inhaled , he smelled the fragrant scent of her hair .
a man would have to be a saint to ignore her pale flesh and tempting scent .
he inhaled her fragrant scent and he liked how she felt curled into him .
he smelled the sweet scent of shampoo in her hair and he hugged her back , pulling her soft body against his .
she asked and rushed to the door , leaving a whiff of intoxicating perfume in her wake .
he groaned , knowing he 'd be tossing and turning tonight and not just because of her sensual scent .
her scent would n't still wind its way into his heart .
her body tightened at the unfamiliar , yet welcoming scent .
her scent was n't as sweet as he remembered , it was more sensual and warm , more enticing and inviting .
the musky scent of sex and ty filled her nostrils .
she climbed back under the covers and snuggled deep into the pillows , inhaling ty 's comforting scent .
his breath tickles my lips , teasing me with his delicious scent .
the warm , familiar scent of his cologne wraps around me , and he starts to drive .
the vanilla scent he 'd noticed earlier wrapped around him like a warm friend .
mike stood in the crowded store , too close to carly , surrounded by her tantalizing scent .
his cologne , an enticing scent she 'd recently come to know , seeped inside her .
she 'd dreamed of this scent .
mike stood , crossing the room until he was close enough to breathe the intoxicating scent of vanilla .
her scented perfume drifted around him , causing his body to stir in an unbrotherly way .
the sweet scent of her perfume had him on edge , shifting uncomfortably in his seat .
the sweet scent of her perfume had him on edge , shifting uncomfortably in his seat .
every breath brought with it her unique scent , and her soft body had begun to relax , molding to his .
her vanilla - like scent was permanently etched in his dreams .
he kissed her again , letting her unique scent fill the empty spaces inside him .
pulling her against him , he buried his face in her hair and inhaled the scent he 'd only had the luxury of dreaming of .
her unique scent had lingered in his dreams and as she circled their seats , pausing only to slam down their drinks before moving on , he could swear she still wore the same perfume .
her unique scent had lingered in his dreams and as she circled their seats , pausing only to slam down their drinks before moving on , he could swear she still wore the same perfume .
the lingering odors of food and the musty scent that always permeated the air seemed stronger now .
her soft skin brushed his fingers , and her tantalizing scent touched his heart .
the heavenly scent of aftershave assaulted her senses .
she caught a whiff of his masculine scent and her insides curled with a rush of pleasure .
he inhaled and caught the scent of her hair .
her body ached in delicious ways and all because she was in his arms , inhaling his scent and imagining them entwined more deeply .
the seductive masculine scent that was so much a part of him wrapped itself around her , giving her strength .
delicate white lilies spread their fragrant scent throughout the confines of janine 's small car .
a delicious warmth heated her body and a tantalizing masculine scent greeted her with each breath .
his masculine scent overpowered her senses , but not her reason .
he was warm and she relished his touch , reveled in his scent .
the scent he 'd come to associate with nikki - with this house - permeated the air , wrapped around him .
too close to his arousing scent and the warmth of his skin .
juliette bent forward and inhaled the fragrant scent .
the floral scent she 'd come to associate with the island hung heavy but , after the stifling isolation of home , she welcomed the fresh air and fragrant smells .
juliette drew a calming breath but she inhaled his masculine scent and realized little could still the emotions rampaging inside her , the increased beat of her heart and the building crescendo of excitement .
he extended the flowers and she accepted them , inhaling the fragrant scent .
he reached around to fasten her seat belt and caught a hint of her enticing , arousing scent .
all the while his heated breath whispered against her cheek and she inhaled his seductive , masculine scent with each intake of air .
and he was too lost in her fragrant scent and the incredible sensation she created in his body to point it out .
he started to close his shirt buttons , needing the distraction , but she swatted his hands away and handled the chore herself - forcing him to watch her bent head as she worked , letting him drink in the sight and scent of the riotous head of curls she 'd freed earlier .
she inhaled his potent , masculine scent , and her body , already on the edge , reacted .
she inclined her head and a red curl eased over one shoulder , as she inched closer on the bed until she sat next to him , until her heady scent surrounded him and set his already raw nerves on fire .
her body molded to accept his harder shape and contours and she absorbed his raw , masculine scent .
he inhaled , taking in the fragrant scent of her hair and the musky reminder of all they 'd shared .
their fragrant , aromatic scent lingered in the air .
she inhaled the potent scent of sweat and man .
she could n't do that if they were lying in a bed that carried the musky scent of their lovemaking or if she let the heat of physical release sway his emotions .
he exhaled , and his next breath was filled with her enticing scent , making his fists clench and his groin harden in unmistakable need .
her decidedly feminine scent lingered in the air , hitting him like a blow to his midsection .
but the masculine scent of his cologne made ignoring him impossible .
the scent of lilacs permeated the air , making griff painfully aware of her presence .
her scent drifted around him .
unfortunately , her seductive scent was the same and memories flooded back hard and fast .
with every breath he took , he inhaled the sweet scent of her shampoo .
he buried his face in the back of her neck , inhaling her feminine scent and recalling details of the time she 'd spent in his arms .
the soft scent of the bubble bath lingered in the air .
` ` i think she 'd take the first cab - make that limo - back to her ritzy apartment and shower , just in case the smell interfered with her perfume . ''
he sat next to her , so close the musky scent of his aftershave warmed her in ways she could n't think about now .
she stepped around him and into the small room reserved for the chief of police , catching a whiff of his masculine scent as she brushed past .
he wore the same cologne , and the subtle musky scent settled deep in her bones , reminding her of that night .
she was almost past his alluring scent and the tempting warmth of his body when she forced herself to pause .
when he inhaled , he could smell the luscious scent of her body and remember the feel of her soft skin as he breathed her in deep .
instead she leaned into him , inhaling his sexy , masculine scent .
cara asked , inhaling the floral , fragrant scent she associated with the better parts of her childhood .
cara 's scent , a new warm , musky fragrance , cocooned him in a sexual haze .
it was all she could do not to lean farther into his warmth and the intoxicating scent she 'd come to associate with mike .
she finally opened the door , steam coming out of the bathroom along with the enticing warm scent that only served to arouse him more .
he smelled good , his musky warm scent sending her senses reeling .
she kissed his cheek , savoring the masculine scent and the rough stubble against her lips .
the arousing scent of his cologne permeated her pores , causing an ache in her heart she was beginning to think she 'd never be rid of .
she 'd attempted friendly conversation , ignoring the flutters in her stomach caused by being near him and his delicious masculine scent .
she walked over and made polite small talk , which he managed to survive despite the scent of her perfume reminding him of their explosive night together in bed .
she walked over and made polite small talk , which he managed to survive despite the scent of her perfume reminding him of their explosive night together in bed .
from the fragrant and still - familiar scent of her perfume to the way her hair fell loosely around her face , he was struck by her fragility and how much he wanted to take care of her .
from the fragrant and still - familiar scent of her perfume to the way her hair fell loosely around her face , he was struck by her fragility and how much he wanted to take care of her .
cole came up behind her , his body heat warm , his masculine scent drifting toward her .
strong arms lifted her , and when she finally focused , she was wrapped in warmth , protected by a hard male body and enveloped in a purely masculine scent that triggered memories of a night she could n't forget .
she inhaled , breathing in the musky scent of his skin , and memories of another night assailed her , memories of him taking her hard and fast .
he took in her feminine scent and his entire body stiffened in response .
she lost herself in his delicious scent , the amazing way he kissed , as if she were the only thing that mattered .
her familiar scent eased the anxiety erin had been living with for so long .
but as she entered her house , which now smelled of another woman 's strong perfume , she felt every inch the injured party .
and that was her scent he 'd smelled downstairs .
her mother 's familiar scent wrapped around her , easing the ache in her chest ` ` so ? ''
big mistake , since his musky , masculine scent overwhelmed her , making her want to crawl into his arms , bury her face in his neck , and drink him in .
she swiped on a light peach lip gloss , spritzed on some of her favorite perfume , fluffed her hair , drew a deep breath , and walked back out to face him .
her flavor was better than he 'd imagined , and her sweet scent went straight to his groin .
she waved away his concern , treating him to a whiff of her strong perfume , which he 'd already been informed was givenchy .
she leaned in close , inhaling the potent scent of his aftershave .
he braced his hands on her thighs and lowered his head , breathing in her musky scent before sliding his tongue over her sex .
the sweet scent of strawberry soap prickled her senses .
he could lean in and inhale her floral scent , watch her enjoy her meal , and shift positions so their thighs aligned and touched throughout the various courses .
he inhaled and caught the scent of coconut sunscreen .
it was a scent he 'd liked as far back as childhood .
` ` i could get used to being carried around naked by you , '' she said , nuzzling her face into the sweat - slickened skin of his neck , reveling in his masculine scent and heat .
with her body bracketing his , her scent teasing him , her feminine warmth arousing him , he was finding it harder and harder to concentrate .
his arm around her tightened and she laid her head against his chest , inhaling his masculine scent that was both comforting and arousing at the same time .
this scent warmed her all over .
he stepped closer and she inhaled his musky cologne , a warm familiar scent that mocked her attempts at keeping a distance .
corinne breezed into the room , bringing with her the scent of heavy perfume .
corinne breezed into the room , bringing with her the scent of heavy perfume .
those arresting blue eyes , that thick black hair , his distinctive masculine scent all set off heavy - duty sparks of desire .
she inhaled and smelled the musky scent of his cologne and her stomach curled with delicious warmth .
no expensive perfumed scents for rina .
and colin found himself even more aroused by her natural scent .
he took a step closer , inhaling the scent of champagne , wanting to lick the flavor off her skin .
rina closed her eyes and remembered colin 's touch , his warm mouth and his heady scent .
her lips lingered against his skin as she inhaled his masculine scent and her desire peaked higher .
so he could pull her close enough to feel the heat of his body and inhale the heady scent that aroused her and made her wet with wanting him .
she inhaled , savoring the masculine scent of his cologne , letting him seep inside her pores and her skin .
she inhaled the scent of shaving cream and aftershave .
as he passed , rina inhaled his masculine scent and her body heated up all over again .
she inhaled his masculine scent and memories of having him inside her body ricocheted through her .
she brushed a kiss on his clean - shaven cheek , inhaling his seductive , purely masculine scent .
she smelled like rina , an arousing floral scent that seeped into his bones .
the clean scent of soap mixed with a masculine spiced aftershave assaulted her , until she was enveloped in his essence .
the scent was fresh and clean in a wholesome way , and yet it aroused a need so strong and intense , he 'd been blindsided .
the tingling scent of mint surrounded her , tempting her , teasing her .
she 'd bolted from the penthouse last night because she 'd needed space - fresh air that did n't include jake 's seductive , masculine scent .
hell , he 'd already caught the fragrant strawberry scent he associated with this woman - the one that turned him inside out and made him want more than he could put into words .
she inhaled , and his heady scent enveloped her , making her feel , for the first time in her life , that she was n't alone .
she shifted , sliding so close that the heat of her body and the scent of her femininity surrounded him .
their breaths mingled , and a hint of peppermint reached her nose , a scent she 'd never found arousing until now .
the distinct scent of lavender drifted around her as she surveyed the racks of lace and silk garments dangling temptingly from plush - looking hangers .
the taste was so decadent , her feminine scent so erotic , he nearly came without being inside her - hell , without even being touched , something that spoke of her incredible power over him .
she sighed and seemed to go boneless beside him , her hair tickling his nose and the scent of strawberries lingering in the air .
his masculine scent was overpowering , seducing her with memories of last night .
his masculine scent wrapped around her , overpowering her in the confines of the small car .
her strawberry scent hit him like a punch in the gut .
his musky scent seduced and aroused - and would now linger in her apartment long after he was gone .
there was n't a thing about him , from his alluring scent to his heated touch , she did n't enjoy .
adrenaline had kicked in the second he 'd heard her soft voice , and surrounded by her fragrant scent of vanilla , his body had come alive .
the air held ben 's raw scent and if grace thought she 'd been swept away by the sight of him before , she was on fire now .
surrounded by her feminine heat and intoxicating scent , ben realized he was in trouble .
she stepped closer , until he could inhale her scent and practically taste her glistening lips .
though she 'd left the door open , sitting in ben 's small car , she was enveloped in his scent , in the essence of what made him sexy and real .
the fresh scent of clean . ''
his old seats shone and the scent of lemon - lime surrounded him , but his mind was firmly on grace .
but when she sidled up to him , so close he could inhale her fragrant scent over the other less appealing smells in the musty car , he could n't focus on anything but grace .
enveloped in his warmth , surrounded by his scent , grace wondered who was the seducer and who was the one being seduced .
the fragrant scent of her hair assaulted his senses .
a stimulating scent he could n't name , but one that aroused his senses , surrounded him .
he inhaled and caught that intoxicating scent again , one he 'd never forget .
his heady scent filled her nostrils , and when he met her gaze with his steely one , a rush of liquid moisture pooled between her legs .
and as he leaned down for a warm , tender kiss , one filled with the mixture of his unique taste and her feminine scent , an unexpected emotion swamped her .
chapter eight steam , mixed with the arousing scent of jasmine , filled the enclosed space in the bathroom .
the fragrant scent of soap and shampoo lingered in the air , reminding him of their shower , and how she 'd come apart in his arms .
soon , the intoxicating scent of coconut oil filled her nostrils , reminding her of days at the beach and the sinful delights she knew ben had in store .
he relaxed with her under the covers , the scent of musky lovemaking and coconut oil filling the air around them , just as contentment filled him - so much it scared him .
as he walked through the living room and entered her bedroom , the scent of coconut oil assaulted his senses .
instead he 'd forever associate the scent with grace lying nude , arms loosely bound , eyes wide and hazy with desire , waiting for him to possess her .
her scent , an intoxicating oriental blend of spices , heated the rest of his senses .
the mix of perfumes emanating from the guests had grown heavy hours ago , hanging on the damp humid air .
his masculine scent tantalized and seduced .
she could n't breathe without inhaling the scent of spice and man , an erotic combination that stole her breath and threatened to take her sanity next .
with every inhale of her subtle scent , his pants grew tighter .
the clothes smelled clean and fresh but they also held the slightest hint of logan 's scent .
catherine did n't know if the masculine scent was real or existed only in her imagination but it did n't matter .
as he inhaled the scent of her hair , his body tightened even more .
the distinct masculine scent of spicy soap and aftershave aroused her in an instant .
his potent scent made her stomach curl in response .
her unique scent filled him as he pulled the tight bud into his mouth .
the light breeze blew her hair around her face and carried with it the scent of saltwater from the ocean .
she stepped aside and as he passed her , she caught a whiff of his distinctive scent and her knees nearly buckled under her .
the spring weather was still cool and a fire crackled in the hearth , the scent of fresh - burning wood enveloping him .
his masculine scent pummeled her nerve endings , enticing her physically , assaulting her already raw senses .
despite that he 'd slept with her twice , and that the sheets still carried their scent , he wanted her again .
the musky scent of his skin mixed with subtle aftershave heightened her awareness and put her senses into overdrive .
he inhaled her fragrant scent and felt himself being pulled deeper .
the scent of lemons hovered in the air .
` ` i was thinking , '' he said , pausing to smooth her hair and inhale the fragrant scent that was kayla .
she inhaled for courage and smelled his masculine scent .
her scent worked against his restraint , tantalizing his senses , seducing his soul .
the lemony scent of her shampoo clung to her hair , bringing temptation to life .
her body heat called to his , her scent beckoned to him .
how could he when lying beside kayla , breathing in her scent and sharing body heat had begun to feel familiar ?
his unique scent enveloped her , making her feel warm and cherished .
he inhaled her lemony scent and groaned aloud .
a scent he did n't recognize but would forever associate with this moment seeped out of the bathroom along with the humid air .
her fragrant scent surrounded him , providing an added sensual high , as if he were n't already feeling enough .
his heat reached out to her , his familiar scent settling the butterflies deep in her stomach .
he inhaled her warm , exotic scent .
she 'd sniffed the woodsy fragrance in neiman marcus with her teenage girlfriends , and liza had been a sucker for the masculine scent ever since .
a feminine scent immediately surrounded him .
man , that pill vanquished her inhibitions , he thought , his every breath filled with the scent of her shampoo .
he leaned in and inhaled her fragrant scent .
he breathed in the luscious scent he 'd come to think of as unique to her .
she was n't sure how long she stood there , his strong arms comforting her , breathing in his comforting and , yeah , arousing scent .
she inhaled his scent , musk and man , mixing with the outdoors , and she wanted to crawl into his skin .
she snaked her way down his body , taking in his musky , masculine scent until she was inches from his rigid erection .
while he waited for an answer , he inhaled and took in her intoxicating scent , drawing strength from the fact that she had n't pulled away .
her warm , inviting lemony scent enveloped him in heat .
he asked in a gruff voice as her body heat and scent wrapped around him him .
he inhaled her now - familiar , intoxicating scent and wanted her to let him in .
how could she when she found herself solely focused on him - his strong hands lifting his food to his mouth , his masculine scent enticing her more than the penne alla vodka on her plate .
he inhaled , taking in the cooler fall breeze and the scent of leaves and knocked again .
he asked , his voice thick thanks to both the womanly feel of her in his arms and the faint scent of strawberry teasing him with every breath he took .
the other woman smiled , inhaling the scent of the bouquet .
she laid her head down and smelled his masculine scent embedded in her sheets , a reminder of all they 'd done last night .
nash 's hard body entering hers , his masculine scent , his arms wrapped around her as she slept .
and when she pulled him into an embrace , he buried his face in her hair and her familiar scent enveloped him .
not when one female thigh was slung over his and the scent he now associated with her filled every breath .
she headed into the coffee shop , needing space and air that did n't include ethan 's musky scent and the sensual awareness he inspired .
she blinked , but dizziness still assaulted her except now she was n't sure if it was the alcohol or ethan 's unique masculine scent that had her swooning .
she closed her eyes for a second and inhaled deeply , taking in the scent she knew would arouse her for a long time to come .
while leaning close and inhaling a fragrant scent that smelled suspiciously like strawberries .
he stepped closer and her sweet scent surrounded him , taking him back to last night , the kiss , and her hands looped around his neck while her lips devoured his .
he stepped in closer until he felt her body heat and inhaled her intoxicating scent .
he nuzzled the space between her neck and shoulder , inhaling her fragrant scent , arousing himself even more .
he smelled her fresh scent , teasing him , tempting him , making him want to lose himself inside her until he could n't think about who he was .
her cries of pleasure aroused him beyond reason and he switched br**sts and repeated the process , drinking in her taste and scent .
faith leaned in close , inhaling his sexy masculine scent .
she snuggled into him , inhaling his sexy , familiar scent , letting his body heat cushion her in warmth .
a ripple of awareness shot through her and she inhaled deeply , only to be surrounded by his masculine scent .
her warm scent settled over him , causing a distinct stirring inside his chest .
his head spun with her scent , her taste , his need .
the butcher was a slob , the baker too heavy and the last guy always smelled like another woman 's perfume , '' she said , laughing .
it was an incredible sensation , feeling her release , while still surrounded by her warm body and delicious scent .
he inhaled her warm , sweet scent .
he still smelled the scent when he breathed in , even before she 'd shown up this morning .
memories of last night came back and she snuggled closer into his bed , inhaling his scent in the sheets .
the suddenly too - strong scent of his distinctive cologne assaulted her senses and she pulled back .
despite the acrid smell of cigarette smoke in the air , he caught a whiff of her floral scent and grew immediately more aroused .
the perfume that had been getting to him all day caused his gut to clench again now .
the gloss had a hint of vanilla scent and each time he kissed her , he wanted to devour even more .
he inhaled the floral scent that had been testing his restraint all afternoon and nearly came right then .
her warm , feminine scent tempted him , aroused him , drew him in .
the spicy scent of soap from his recent shower and his delicious aftershave seeped into her pores .
he picked up one bottle , opened it and sniffed , inhaling an unfamiliar , feminine scent .
an arousing scent .
as he breathed in deep , her scent wrapped around him , awakening him even more .
as she stepped inside , a pleasing scent welcomed her .
every time he looked at amber or inhaled her unique scent , the sexual attraction kicked him hard and he could n't ignore it .
the fresh scent from her shower permeated the air around him and the light padding of her bare feet had sounded against the floor .
mike inhaled , the musty scent of his surroundings suddenly becoming more than he could take .
her soft hair , warm body and fragrant scent tempted and aroused him .
he read her neat handwriting with amber glancing over his shoulder , her fragrant , arousing , now - familiar scent seeping into his pores , magnifying every emotion he felt for her , both good and bad .
a light burst of cold wind whipped around them and he inhaled her warm , seductive scent , increasing his interest as well as his desire .
she slipped her hands inside his shirt and placed her palms against his chest , feeling his hair - roughened skin , savoring the warmth and inhaling his masculine scent .
she replaced old candles around the house with fresh , new ones , wanting the scent to permeate by the time she returned home from work .
lauren asked , hovering over his shoulder , so close her scent surrounded him .
unable to stop herself , she ran her thumb over his stubble - roughened cheek , inhaling his scent , waiting for his reply .
he inhaled the fragrant scent of her hair , his body hardening .
he nuzzled his lips into the side of her neck , breathing in the scent of her skin and taking in the slight tremors of arousal that shook her as his tongue slid down her neck .
he tried not to allow his body to react to her familiar , fragrant scent .
his familiar scent wrapped around her , giving her comfort and arousing her at the same time .
as he 'd tossed and turned , thoughts of the beautiful blonde pervading his mind , her sexy scent forever in his memory .
annabelle inhaled , trying to fight the pull , but his potent masculine scent that had surrounded her for two and a half hours in the truck suddenly enveloped her again .
before he could think , let alone answer , she whirled away , out of reach , leaving nothing but her fragrant scent and the promise of a restless night 's sleep in her wake .
he trailed kisses over her cheek , inhaling her feminine scent , and as he breathed in deep , the weight of her chest pressed hard and enticingly against his .
instead he buried his face in her neck , suckling the sensitive area of flesh and inhaling the fragrant scent of fruity soap and shampoo he associated with annabelle .
as she inhaled , she took in an old , familiar scent .
holding her tight , her lithe body molded to his , he inhaled the fragrant scent of her hair and fought his body 's response and the desire building .
as she tried to shake free , she smelled vaughn 's unmistakable musky scent and felt his overpowering heat .
he inhaled her fragrant scent and emotions swamped him .
her light perfumed scent was as comforting as an embrace and annabelle knew in that moment more than ever that she would miss seeing her every day .
he inhaled , breathing in her fragrant shampoo , an arousing , tantalizing scent that gave him a damn hard - on every time she was nearby .
he stepped closer , his big body overwhelming micki from behind , his heady masculine scent sending warning signals to her brain .
` ` i can spell it put for you if you 'd like , '' she said , leaning closer , her fresh scent enticing him .
he braced his hand on the wall over her head and leaned close , inhaling the fresh , fragrant scent of her shampoo and savoring the excitement pulsing through his veins at the thought of spending another day alone with her .
he placed an arm behind her head and leaned close enough to smell the scent of her skin .
she lingered for a while , just savoring his warm lips and his arousing masculine scent that had her stomach flipping in purely sensual anticipation .
with him standing so near , she could inhale his sexy masculine scent and take in his scruffy beard and rugged features up close one last time .
he knew by the familiar perfume that she was waiting for him in the doorway .
surrounded by her scent , a warm familiar feeling and unmistakable arousal kicked in .
he stepped beside her , standing so close his warm scent penetrated her pores and she grew damp in places he never failed to remind her existed .
as usual her luscious scent evoked images of hot bodies in tangled sheets .
her sweet sugary scent , more refined and classy than most women 's , sent his already heightened senses soaring .
he leaned in so they were almost cheek to cheek and he inhaled her fragrant scent .
she bent close and sniffed the glorious petals , breathing in their floral scent .
he strode up beside her , his body heat overpowering , his scent arousing .
` ` only the right girl , '' he said , nuzzling her neck in part to inhale her fragrant scent and in part to stop any further talking .
he snuggled his face in the crook of her neck and inhaled deeply , the scent of beach and her fruity shampoo assaulting his senses .
sophie headed for the shower he 'd just vacated and inhaled the scent of soap he 'd left behind .
she inhaled , taking in his fresh scent and trying to ignore the sexual desire galloping through her .
he inhaled and his body hardened at the familiar , intoxicating scent .
her luscious scent assaulted his senses immediately .
she could n't breathe as it was , but now when she inhaled she was overcome by his scent , by all that was riley , and was forced to admit to herself she loved him , too .
although he tried to keep an emotional distance , he found it difficult when holding her in his arms , inhaling her unique scent and knowing how her soft curves fit so perfectly against him .
he asked , enjoying the sexy scent .
but she could n't concentrate on business if she was busy remembering how soft and moist his lips had felt on hers or how the intoxicating scent of his cologne had wrapped around her , enveloping her in heat .
heat shot upward as his masculine morning scent wrapped around her , making her tingle .
he sat beside her on the sofa , keenly aware of her sweet scent .
he lingered for a moment , inhaling her scent to remember in his dreams later that night .
she inhaled and his scent immediately replaced everything else around her .
she smelled delicious , her perfume a subtle but constant reminder of the always simmering attraction between them .
her scent , strawberry shampoo and pure woman , overtook his thoughts and all he could concentrate on was taking her in his arms and kissing her senseless - with no cell phone , treo or family member interrupting them .
i tried not to inhale his scent , but it was impossible not to .
i stuck my thumb through one of the holes in his shirt and breathed in his scent .
i turned my back on her and stuffed my face into aud 's pillow which was still drenched in her scent .
and although hannah , he had noticed , smelled very , very nice , he was reasonably sure the scent did n't come from a perfume bottle .
before the drawer was even open , he was assailed by a soft , sweet scent , and he immediately identified it as the one he associated with hannah .
unable to help himself , he retrieved the panties , holding them up to his nose to inhale their sweet lavender scent again , growing dizzy just remembering the madness that had overtaken him that morning , when he 'd snatched them from hannah 's lingerie drawer .
he smelled of sweet tanned hide and strong black coffee , and she knew she would never be able to inhale those scents again without thinking of him .
he lost himself in the potent , coffee taste of her , in the sweet , powdery scent of her , in the hushed , gentle murmur of her , in the soft , lithesome feel of her .
close enough that now hannah could smell the fresh , potent , masculine scent of him , a scent she remembered too well and that carried her immediately back to that afternoon at her house , when they had come together first so explosively and then so tenderly .
close enough that now hannah could smell the fresh , potent , masculine scent of him , a scent she remembered too well and that carried her immediately back to that afternoon at her house , when they had come together first so explosively and then so tenderly .
she did n't seem the type for perfumes or self - pampering , but the scent of her was nearly intoxicating .
close enough that she could see a faint rim of dark green circling the blue of his irises , close enough that she could smell the clean chlorine scent of him , close enough that she could feel his body heat radiating against her .
what he noticed more than anything about her , though , was that intoxicating peachy scent of her , an aroma whose origin he had yet to identify but which continued to drive him crazy .
he 'd been with women who smelled of the most expensive perfumes , women who wore ridiculously fluffy lingerie , women who celebrated their femaleness with the most feminine clothing money could buy .
and she smelled him , the ivory soap he 'd bathed with that morning , the spicy shampoo he 'd used on his hair , the potent scent of his own distinct masculinity .
reading what she was writing to sorcerer as she was writing it , being so close to her , feeling her heat , hearing her ragged breathing , inhaling the intoxicating scent of her ... no man in his right mind would have behaved any differently than dixon had last night .
close enough that she could feel his heat and hear his breathing and smell the clean , masculine scent of him .
and with her body pulled against his the way it was , he was surrounded by the scent of peaches .
not sure why she did it , she placed her head against his shoulder and closed her eyes , inhaling the distinct , vital scent of him that had become both unsettling and comforting to her over the past week .
dixon leaned forward in his seat to read over her shoulder and , as always , was assailed by the fresh , luscious scent of her .
dixon was n't sure what to say after that , so he leaned forward again - to see the monitor , naturally - and was again assailed by the intoxicating scent of her .
they were sitting close enough that noah could inhale the scent of her , an intoxicating aroma of the red wine she 'd consumed to steady her nerves and the even more intoxicating aroma of marnie .
the same scent she 'd inhaled from him that night at her house as she 'd tried to consume him .
the same scent she 'd tried to recreate with a half - dozen different brands of sandalwood bubble bath since then , never coming close .
that became a tad more difficult , however , when the flesh - and - blood man behind her stepped close enough that his body was touching hers again , and the sandalwood scent of him surrounded her .
every time she inhaled , she consumed great gulps of his scent , and her mouth was filled with the taste of him .
her voice was a clear , euphonic tenor , and as he 'd wrestled with her on the bed , he 'd noted the faint scent of lavender about her .
she sucked in an involuntary breath at the sight of such masculine beauty , filling her nose with the scent of him , a scintillating mix of dial soap , expensive cognac and raw , unmitigated male .
and the spicy scent of the sandalwood shaving soap he used was more than a little sexy .
she inhaled a slower , deeper breath in an effort to steady her racing pulse , but when she detected the clean masculine scent of him and felt the warmth of his body mingling with hers , she was filled with something else instead .
her scent surrounded him , a mixture of damp and heat and need and woman .
her heat , her scent , her breath mixed with his , and if he closed his eyes , he honestly was n't sure if he 'd be able to tell where she ended and he began .
the aroma of coffee was stronger now , but not strong enough to mask the scent that was intrinsically - erotically - hers .
neither of them was getting it , which was why he kept noticing things like how the rosy bloom on her flesh had deepened , and how her breathing was growing more frayed , and how her luscious scent was starting to intoxicate him , and how easy it would be to have her in his lap , and then he could fill his hands with her br**sts and fill her mouth with his tongue and fill herself with himself .
he inhaled the scent of her hair : orange and clove .
of the breadth of his shoulders , the scent of his skin , so close in the little room .
he could hear the rustle of her skirts , the sound of her breathing right behind him , and once in a while her scent came to him , orange and clove , tantalizing and sweet .
his words were nearly slurred as if he were drunk on her feminine scent .
hothouse carnations in every shade of pink , white , and crimson overflowed from huge vases , perfuming the air with the sharp scent of cloves .
apparently lavender was an unusual scent .
maximus opened his eyes the next morning to the warm scent of artemis in his arms .
the scent of something sweet lingered in the air .
she glanced up , her lips parted , so near he could see the swirls of gold in her pretty brown eyes , and he suddenly identified her scent : orange blossoms .
whirling , she glided off the dance floor in high dungeon , the scent of orange blossoms trailing in her wake .
then his mouth was full of her sweet nipple and he suckled strongly , as the heady scent of woman and orange blossoms swirled about his head .
his movement shifted the covers , stirring the scent of semen and sex and her .
he could still smell her scent , and he realized to his horror that it was probably imprinted upon his skin .
the entire dark mass came tumbling down , a glorious tangle , and he stroked his fingers through it , leaning down to inhale the scent of orange blossoms .
she spent the carriage ride home burrowed into godric 's shoulder , trying to inhale his familiar scent , trying to remember all that she had rather than all she had lost .
the scent of orange blossoms drifted to his nostrils , welcome and warm .
a year later the scent of wet wool still made artemis flinch .
she had to tilt her head back to keep his gaze , and she found that every inhale brought with it his heady scent .
lady beckinhall leaned her head close to winter 's jaw , making her delicate scent for a moment break through the stinking miasma of the room .
he could feel the heat of the other man 's breath , smell his too - sweet perfume mixed with the sharp acid of sweat .
white , red , and pink mounds were everywhere in the room , perfuming the air with the heady scent of cloves .
she closed her eyes , reveling in the scent of him , musky and sensual .
` ` i like this scent , '' he said , his voice whispering against her ear .
he laid his head against hers , breathing in her scent , content simply to hold her .
the scent of lemons and frankincense drifted in the air .
silence breathed in the scent of milk and baby , tears pricking her eyes .
the exotic scent of frankincense surrounded her .
the scent of frankincense and lemons floated in the air , sensuous and somehow alarming .
he leaned down close - close enough to catch the scent of lavender in her hair .
he breathed in silence 's scent , breathed in both pain and comfort .
he 'd take his thumb and run it through that sweet cleft , watch the tender petals part , inhale the scent of her desire .
she slumped against him , the scent of their passion musky in the night air .
` ` i 'll wear yer scent on me body tonight , '' he said wickedly .
he leaned over her , so close she caught the scent of lemons and sandalwood .
intrigued , he bowed his head toward hers , inhaling the scent of flowers .
she wore a terribly strong , sweet perfume , and her black skirts were stiff and scratchy , but it was all i could do not to cling to her as phoebe did . ''
the room was hot , her breath was coming in gasps , and the scent of brandy and need filled her nostrils , making her feel faint .
lady helena had chosen to decorate the ballroom with hundreds of roses , and the scent of the wilting flowers was almost overwhelming .
he found himself leaning toward her as they both worked , drawn perhaps by the tender curve of her neck , the faint scent of lavender and woman .
the scent of dying roses and lilies mingled with that of burning wax , sweating bodies , and perfume , the whole both nauseating and heady .
the scent of dying roses and lilies mingled with that of burning wax , sweating bodies , and perfume , the whole both nauseating and heady .
the hour was growing late now , the scent of half - burned candles pervading the room .
lazarus closed his eyes , inhaling the perfume of their mating .
it was an earthy scent , a humble scent , one he would forever associate with her .
it was an earthy scent , a humble scent , one he would forever associate with her .
he bent closer to look for other changes and inhaled the scent of oranges .
lazarus reseated himself and watched as he swirled the last of the brandy in his glass , remembering a little girl 's brown eyes and the scent of oranges .
he bent over her , leaning down until the wisps of hair near her ear brushed his lips , inhaling the scent of sweet english flowers .
it was a nostalgic scent for him , conjuring the memory of other civilized women he 'd once known - his mother , his sister , forgotten young girls he 'd squired to balls long ago .
she whispered , and he caught the scent of english flowers - her scent .
she whispered , and he caught the scent of english flowers - her scent .
reynaud closed his eyes and felt the warm softness of his wife , the scent of woman and flowers surrounding him .
she was embraced by his heat and his scent .
it was warm , and the bed smelled faintly of their combined intimate scents .
he could smell the soap she 'd used to wash her hair - a light lemon scent .
his nose caught the scent of lemons from her hair .
perhaps it was the lemon scent of her hair that seemed to linger like a ghostly presence in his rooms .
the scent of lemons was heady in his nostrils .
she heard him rummage in the side table again and then she smelled the sharp scent of citrus .
to smell her intimate , womanly scent mingled with the scent of lemons , and to feel the warmth of her skin .
to smell her intimate , womanly scent mingled with the scent of lemons , and to feel the warmth of her skin .
jasper clasped her gloved hand and bent over it , inhaling the spicy orange scent of neroli water as he thought for something to say .
all he could think was that the sensuous neroli scent was in sharp contrast to her plain gown .
the scent of neroli floated in the air .
the elusive scent of her neroli perfume in the small sitting room , the fire that was always laid there , the thread of yellow silk he 'd found on the carpet the other day .
the elusive scent of her neroli perfume in the small sitting room , the fire that was always laid there , the thread of yellow silk he 'd found on the carpet the other day .
the scent of oranges rose as he fingered them .
she crossed to her dresser and dabbed scent at her throat , trembling as the cold liquid slid between her breasts .
the scent of bitter oranges rose in the air .
the scent of candle wax and smoke drifted in the air , but under them was another , more exciting scent .
the scent of candle wax and smoke drifted in the air , but under them was another , more exciting scent .
whether she imagined it or not , the scent of her husband was in the room : sandalwood and lemons , brandy and smoke .
the scent of lemons and sandalwood filled the room .
he leaned closer to her , and even though the sweet scent of roses surrounded them , he smelled spicy oranges .
she inhaled his scent , rising with the heat of his body .
she leaned toward jasper , and he caught the strong scent of patchouli .
he should have his sweet wife by his side , her soft curves next to his harder body , the scent of her hair and her skin surrounding him .
the scent of oranges lingered faintly , but she was no longer in the room .
simply held her , inhaling the scent of oranges in her hair , feeling her breath on his cheek .
sam inhaled the familiar scent as he waited for lady emeline 's answer , aware that her perfume was distracting him .
sam inhaled the familiar scent as he waited for lady emeline 's answer , aware that her perfume was distracting him .
but it was odd to discover this sophisticated lady wearing such a homey perfume .
his mother had grown lemon balm in her garden in the backwoods of pennsylvania , and the scent pitched him back in time .
the fresh scent had risen with the steam from the thick earthenware cup .
he slid through the narrow walled garden , brushing by mint and parsley and other herbs whose scents he could n't name .
their perfumes hung about them like a fog until he 'd wanted nothing more than to cover his nose and choke .
but lady emeline wore lemon balm , the scent of his mother 's garden .
she caught a pleasing scent on his breath but could n't place it .
he leaned closer , and she recognized the scent she smelled on his breath .
strange that such a domestic scent would seem so exotic on him .
the scent of lemon balm drifted in the air .
he was taking advantage of the situation , but he enjoyed her warmth and the scent of lemon balm , anyway .
instead , he bowed over her hand , brushing his lips against fine kid , the scent of lemon balm bathing his face .
he wore no powder or pomades or perfume , it was purely him , and she was driven mad by his scent .
he wore no powder or pomades or perfume , it was purely him , and she was driven mad by his scent .
lady emeline 's touch soothed him , even if it was given reluctantly , and the scent of lemon balm drifted close to his face .
she could smell the fragrant scent of tobacco smoke now .
the shop was dim inside with a low ceiling and a dusty scent .
his body surrounded her , and she inhaled his scent : wool and linen , leather and parsley .
the scent of lemon balm would haunt him forever .
he bent his dark head to check her dressing , and his woodsy , masculine scent surrounded her .
the metallic scent of blood , along with the odor of smoke and urine , suddenly filled her nostrils , accompanied by another memory - one of grechko 's head being thrown back when she 'd finally put a much - deserved bullet in it .
his masculine scent flooded her nostrils .
ethan leaned in closer and began reading over her shoulder , momentarily distracted by her intoxicating scent .
he tasted like coffee and toothpaste , and he smelled so good she just wanted to drown in his scent .
a light breeze swept over them and sent jim 's spicy scent floating in her direction .
noelle 's shoulders stiffened as she inhaled the familiar scent .
the wind carried with it the sulfuric scent of smoke , and as the compound burned before her eyes , isabel experienced a strange sense of grief .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of smoke and death and something that was uniquely trevor .
the heat of his palm sizzled through the soft fabric of the t - shirt abby had given her , and his woodsy , masculine scent infused her senses and wrapped around her like a warm blanket .
his heady scent , his incredible body , his intense brown eyes .
the early - afternoon breeze rustled the branches , and a sweet lemony scent wafted in their direction .
the scents of salt and seaweed grew stronger , the rhythmic pounding of the waves getting louder .
the coppery scent of blood reached his nostrils long before they found the body .
the flowery scent of her shampoo , the sweet fragrance of her skin , the rapid beating of her heart vibrating against his chest .
his breath was hot on her ear , and once again his intoxicating scent grabbed hold of her senses .
she sucked in a breath , only to inhale trevor 's incredible scent .
each time he took a breath , he inhaled her intoxicating , feminine scent .
the wind lifted her hair , and the sweetest scent he 'd ever smelled flooded his nostrils .
a garden in full bloom , the ocean , vanilla cupcakes ... random , contradictory scents , yet somehow they made perfect sense in relation to this woman , who was a walking contradiction herself .
she ought to bottle up that intoxicating scent , package it , and put it in stores .
the scent of basil and oregano permeating the air .
he slid into the backseat , breathing in the scent of leather and expensive cologne .
olivia buried her head against his neck and tried not to breathe in the scent of his overpowering cologne .
the name lingered in luke 's mind like a woman 's perfume .
the scent of him infused her senses , some spicy masculine aftershave that tickled her nostrils .
olivia inhaled the scent of his overbearing cologne , a pungent , spicy odor that permeated the car .
as she drew much - needed oxygen into her lungs , his scent filled her nose .
olivia made her way to the desk and sank into vince 's leather chair , cringing when the overbearing scent of his cologne wafted into her nose - his chair reeked of it .
his scent , the feel of his calloused palms on her br**sts , the taste of his lips as they devoured her mouth .
he liked being near her , and her bedroom smelled so damn good , like the sweet lemony scent of her hair and the strawberry stuff she lathered on her body .
he inhaled the lemony scent of her hair , wondering why it was so frickin ' difficult to say no to this woman .
it creaked open and he lugged her inside , where the scent of mold and mildew drifted into her nose .
the scent of his aftershave , the firmness of his lips , the wicked thrust of his tongue ... it all teased her senses , making her breathless , mindless .
abby breathed deeply , only to inhale the spicy , masculine scent that kane radiated .
she experienced a moment of light - headedness as the scent of his aftershave assaulted her .
he tucked the psychiatric tapes into his duffel and zipped it up , the sound of abby 's young , hesitant voice still floating in his head like the lingering scent of perfume .
he took a breath and the scent of her grabbed hold of his senses .
a weird scent hung in the air , not unpleasant but oily and earthy , which made sense since this town was apparently known for its emerald mines .
the metallic scent of his blood still hung in the air .
her sweet , flowery scent floated into his nostrils and he steeled himself against it .
with an answering smile , he pulled her into his arms , his entire body flooding with warmth and pleasure as he breathed in the scent of her hair , nuzzled the soft flesh of her neck .
the sweet scent of chocolate on his breath .
his scent and energy make my body thrum and pound , ruining any chance of finding my happy place .
` ` cassie , '' he whispers as he leans forward , so close i can smell the sweet scent of wine on his breath .
i smelled like lavender , a scent i normally despised , but i found myself inhaling deeply and repeatedly now .
inhaling deeply i relished in the fresh scent of him .
on him however , the scent of soap was faint as it mingled with the enticing aroma he emitted .
we were far from outside , yet the scent of the outdoors clung to him , making him seem even more wild and dangerous .
his scent was stronger , heightened by his passion as his fingers caressed the nape of my neck and his muscles stood out rigidly against me .
i took pleasure in the scent and feel of him as his arms slid possessively around me .
even through my turtleneck and sweater i could feel the dampness of his sweat soaked body , and then the tangy scent of his coppery blood hit me .
it was n't right , it definitely was n't something bethany would have approved of , but i felt the thirst stirring within my belly as the scent of their blood and fright drifted over me .
i bent my head to his and tenderly kissed the stitches on his cheek as i savored in his scent and lost myself to the feel of him .
beside me i could hear the frantic beat of bethany 's heart and smell the increased scent of the sweat on her body .
my hands fisted as i inhaled the sweet scent of her and resisted the urge to take her from here and taste as much of her as i could right now .
i closed my eyes and inhaled the smoky scent of her hair .
i inhaled her sweet scent as i buried my face in her hair .
now she smelled of woods and earth and a scent that was inherently her .
jenna stood beside him , and though they were n't showing it around anyone yet , i 'd noticed a subtle change in their scents when they were around each other now .
fresh air rushed in around us , the salty scent of the ocean drifted up to me as my hair was blown back .
i inhaled deeply savoring in the raw scent of the earth .
for a moment , as i lay there , inhaling the musty scent of decaying leaves and wet earth , i found peace .
i remained unmoving for a long time , inhaling the scents , listening to the sounds , and taking solace in the healing ointment that the world had to offer .
so many scents , so many sounds .
i lay there for a long time , breathing in the scents , the sounds , the night .
i could smell him ; smell the wonderful scents of wood and earth and spices he 'd exuded .
the familiar scent of my mom 's perfume , food , and scented candles washed over me .
the familiar scent of my mom 's perfume , food , and scented candles washed over me .
the garden had been my mother 's pride and joy , filled with flowers , strange plants , and the enticing scent of roses and lavender .
his scent engulfed me .
my stomach rumbled eagerly as the tantalizing scent of food hit me .
the scent of her drifting with the wind , a fresh , citrusy smell that teased his senses .
the years with her father had instilled even more discipline , and yet with sam 's scent finding its way into her lungs , invading every one of her heightened senses , she could n't find her breath .
everything disappeared around him , dropping away until there was only azami with her soft skin , silky hair , and that elusive scent that drove him mad .
his mind seemed to stay sharp enough and his focus remained on azami - every breath she took , the scent of her enveloping him , the way her soft hair slid against his arm and chest .
she would always recognize that wonderful scent .
the scent drifted to him , surrounded him , and seemed to enfold him , all before she ever laid her slick , oiled hands on his shoulders and began a slow , methodical massage .
azami pulled his shirt around her body , hastily buttoning it up the front to cover herself and found his scent surrounding her , comforting her .
he turned to lead her out of the room where their combined scents with the oil were n't so potent .
he inhaled , and her fragrance still lingered in the room mixed with their combined scents .
he picked up the pillow beside him and took azami 's scent deep into his lungs before stroking a caress over the pillowcase as he replaced it neatly beside his own .
the aroma blended with her scent , a welcoming start to any morning .
already it smelled like heaven with whatever scent was in the lit candles .
he stared up at the clear night sky instead , pretending interest in the stars , but the scent of her enveloped him .
cursing under his breath , he eased his body gingerly onto the bed , trying not to inhale and draw her scent into his lungs .
just as he 'd entered the room where she waited for the informant , she 'd inhaled and drawn his scent deep into her body , down into her lungs .
her scent surrounded him , making it more difficult to think straight .
her scent immediately enveloped him .
he loved the taste and scent of her .
the scent enveloped her .
keeping his eyes closed , he inhaled , just to breathe in rose 's scent .
he lowered his head , closing his eyes as her feminine scent enveloped him .
kane 's arms were comforting , as was his scent .
` ` the thing i do n't understand , '' javier said , inhaling the baby 's scent , ` ` is why whitney thinks we would stop .
he remembered that appalling scent as he came up from loving rose .
the scent of the tobacco made him sick .
chapter 20 the scent of flowers permeated the air .
drawing her scent into his lungs sent his body into some kind of permanent overdrive .
mack inhaled her feminine scent and nuzzled the soft mass of curls .
mack nuzzled her silky hair , inhaled her fresh , clean scent .
he smelled of spicy aftershave mingled with his clean , masculine scent .
he felt the warmth of her body , inhaled the scent that was uniquely jaimie .
turning his head , he kissed the side of her neck , lingering to savor the feeling of her soft skin and the scent of her .
chapter 10 jaimie 's mouth was heaven , the taste and scent of her filling him , the silken heat of her wrapping him up in desire .
she sat on the edge of the desk , barefoot , inhaling the scent of sex and his skin .
jaimie crawled forward , breathing in the scent of the night , her senses flaring out to check for more sentries .
the wind shifted and carried her scent to him .
her scent filled his mind and body .
he asked , lowering his head to inhale her scent again .
she inhaled and took the scent of him into her lungs .
and that scent of cinnamon that filled him with craving .
and yes , even now , the breeze carried the faint scent of cinnamon , although now it mixed with his scent .
kadan stepped close to her , purposely invading her personal space , inhaling her cinnamon scent , challenging her idea of what equality was .
kadan inhaled sharply , drawing tansy 's scent into his lungs .
he inhaled her scent again just because it gave him so much pleasure , a unique mixture of cinnamon and other spices that went straight to his groin .
her skin loved the oil , absorbing it quickly until only the glow , scent , and that heightening awareness , the growing heat rushing through his system , remained .
she always smelled so good , and she told me how my dad took her to this perfume shop and had a special scent made just for her .
he inhaled the scent of her , taking it deeper into his lungs , and nuzzled her breast .
he waited , there in the dark , with the scent of cinnamon and sex hanging in the air , until she was in a deep sleep .
chapter 14 kadan woke with his arms filled with warmth , and the scent of cinnamon and sin surrounding him .
she leaned against kadan and drew his masculine scent into her lungs .
he went to her immediately , wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her against him , inhaling her scent while he dropped a kiss on her upturned mouth .
her scent called to him , and every nerve , every cell responded .
she reached again , filling his mind with her , with the scent and taste of her - of cinnamon .
the scent of cinnamon grew stronger .
he inhaled , drawing the scent of cinnamon deep into his lungs , as if he could trust his sense of smell , but not his mind .
the sound of her voice over the radio , her scent lingering in the air , her laughter , and god help him , just the thought of her turned his body into one painful ache .
jess closed his eyes and allowed the feel of her satin skin , the clean feminine scent of her to seep into him .
she rolled over and caught the sides of the pillow to inhale deeply jess 's distinctive male scent .
even her perfume was drifting up the stairs .
she smelled fresh and clean in contrast to the heavy , cloying perfume chaleen had poured over herself .
she loved the way jess 's scent lingered in every room .
she loved the tangy , masculine scent of him , the way his hair was so neat except for that one persistent , very sexy lock of hair that always fell across the middle of his forehead .
she leaned into him , inhaling his scent .
the scent made her feel a little better .
cigarette smoke and perfume - and she recognized the perfume .
he could n't help leaning in to inhale the scent of her , to nuzzle briefly the warmth of her neck .
he could smell the combined scent of their lovemaking , a musky sweetness that seemed to enhance the feeling of joy , of completeness sweeping his body .
the sight of her , sprawled out na**d beside him , his scent mingling with hers , expression just a little dazed , made him a little light - headed .
he inhaled her , pulling her scent deep into his lungs .
the moment ken drew her scent into his lungs , he knew he was in trouble .
it mattered little that they were surrounded by the enemy , or that she smelled of sweat and blood ; her natural scent acted like a powerful drug , an aphrodisiac , and he found his body reacting in spite of the dangerous situation .
she seemed to envelop him , and the scent of her soaked into him through his pores , his lungs , deep into his tissues and bones where he knew he 'd never eradicate her .
even with blood and sweat and the drugs , her scent drove him crazy .
she was undeniably attracted to him , with the same frightening addictive rush he felt each time he inhaled her scent .
she inhaled , dragging ken 's masculine scent into her lungs .
ken tightened his arm around her and lowered his face until his warm breath fanned her cheek - until she was enveloped in his scent and her body began to respond .
ever since he had inhaled her scent , the monster so carefully locked away had grown stronger with each moment spent in her company .
he 'd known the moment he 'd inhaled her scent , taken her deep into his lungs , that he had been paired with her by whitney .
she inhaled , taking in the scents of the evening .
he could smell her musky scent , calling to him .
he bent his head to hers , buried his face in her hair and just held her close to him , savoring her scent and the softness of her body .
she was instantly hyper - aware of him , of his masculine scent and his sheer strength - of the fact that she was a woman and he was a man .
she should have smelled of death - not life - but when he inhaled her scent , he could taste her in his mouth , feel his heart beating in time with hers , strong and steady with a perfect rhythm .
his scent enveloped her , clouding her mind for a moment , until all she could think about was the feel of his skin against hers .
a fresh wave of her heady scent rose and his fingers were damp with her welcome .
their combined scents were potent and heady , so sexy she could n't think .
he inhaled her scent and scowled , still obviously furious over the idea that she 'd been with a man .
she could never mistake rose 's soft feminine scent .
she suppressed another shiver and held the shirt to her face , inhaling ken 's scent , hoping to keep it with her through the coming ordeal .
sean reacted instantly to her scent , to the close proximity of her body .
the scent of candles , sweat , and se**n assailed him the moment he entered .
she had thought he would take her , relieve the terrible craving , but he was already dipping his head , inhaling her scent , his warm breath blowing over her very core .
she was small , hardly more than a girl , but she felt like a woman - had smelled like a woman , all soft curves and fresh scent .
he did n't tell her that god had left him a long time ago ; instead he buried his face in the softness of her neck and inhaled her scent , wishing he could keep her .
her scent enveloped him until he could n't do anything but breathe her in .
his scent had been driving her crazy , like some aphrodisiac she could n't resist .
every breath she drew into her lungs brought his masculine scent swirling through her veins .
her mouth was only inches from his , and her tantalizing feminine scent seemed to fill his lungs , until he was breathing her through his entire body .
almost from the first time he 'd caught her feminine scent , she 'd filled his mind , until he could think of little else .
it was her scent , the soft skin , the heat of her mouth , and the taste of her .
the moment he slid his hands under her shirt and absorbed the feel of satin and silk , knew the lure of her scent was on every square inch of her body , he had to have more .
her scent was teasing him , his body swelling to painful proportions .
she was so tight it was nearly painful , and her scent was ripe , calling to the male in him , thundering in his head and heart and hammering in his groin until he could barely think with wanting to bury himself deeper and deeper , harder and harder .
she felt the thick hot jets filling her , mixing with her own cream , their combined musky scent triggering another wild spasm .
he remembered his own scent mixed with hers , powerful and appealing .
up so close to her , he could smell the heady scent of her , reminding him of satin sheets and candlelight .
he leaned closer to briony , inhaled the scent of her hair , of her body .
his scent enfolded her close , teased her senses so that she could n't help inhaling sharply .
her scent was impossibly feminine , a mixture of flowers and rain and the outdoors .
her scent was already mingling with his .
she could smell his masculine scent everywhere .
she needed to be alone - and she was n't sleeping in his room - or in his bed , where his scent was everywhere .
jack closed his eyes , rested his head against briony , and inhaled her scent .
his mouth came down on hers , his kiss rougher than he 'd intended when her scent drifted around him and her taste drove him right to the edge of control .
the full , painful ache of his body , the beating of his heart , her soft skin and heady scent , the potent combination of sex and something far , far deeper .
his scent enveloped her , his arms surrounded her , and his chest felt real and solid beneath her cheek .
he had always thought of himself as solitary - it was safer for everyone that way - but now , with briony lying beside him , her body warm and soft and her scent teasing his senses , he felt an odd sense of peace .
she smelled sweat and blood and the tangy masculine scent that sent her hormones into overdrive .
in the close confines of the bathroom , with her clean scent enfolding him , his body zinged out of control , tightening and pulsing , blood engorging his groin .
the cloying perfume of gardenia and jasmine hung heavy in the air adding to the oppressive heat .
she leaned closer to him , giving him a faint whiff of the fresh scent of peaches .
he could see the smallest details there in the dim lighting and smell her scent in the midst of the crush of bodies .
he deliberately crowded her , so close he could smell her faint perfume .
the heat of the bayou enveloped them in the perfume of the night and the rich rhythm of life .
she could n't help inhaling the scent of freshly baked bread and cookies she could n't identify , but her mouth watered .
her bare br**sts mashed into his chest and she could hear their combined heartbeats , smell the musky scent of their combined need .
she became aware of the musty scent of sex .
he lowered his head and inhaled her scent .
he caught her arm on the pretense of steadying her and inhaled her scent .
` ` i told her i wanted soft lights and a relaxing , soothing atmosphere for you and she gathered every candle she 'd made with the right scent . ''
he closed his eyes , savoring the scent of her , the taste of her , the way her body held so tightly to his .
flame awoke to the scent of lavender .
her first reaction was to shrug it off , but the hand was soft and thin , the scent strong of lavender .
air rushed into his body and took her scent with it .
inhaling her scent , taking her deep into his lungs .
nicolas buried his face in the silken tangle of her hair and inhaled their mingled scents .
a dog lifted its head as the breeze carried an unfamiliar scent .
he should have smelled of sweat and blood , but his scent was masculine , clean , inviting .
the river narrowed , and the air grew still with the dark pungent scents of the deep rain forest .
her scent dizzied him as they breathed her in .
she was here , in his arms , and he was more content than he 'd ever dreamed possible just holding her and breathing in her scent .
she leaned her head back against his chest and breathed in his clean , masculine scent .
the petals , soft velvet , held his scent .
the combination of his potent masculine scent surrounding her and his glowing eyes mesmerized her .
dax took her hand and led her through the flowers , the scent of him , so potent , surrounding her , making her a little light - headed .
he inhaled deeply once more and she realized that as the flowers in the field had taken on his scent for her , the strange petals held her scent for him .
he inhaled deeply once more and she realized that as the flowers in the field had taken on his scent for her , the strange petals held her scent for him .
his scent was everywhere , and her body was hot and needy .
she remembered the taste of him in the flower and that intoxicating scent of his , amplified a thousand times by the field of flowers surrounding her .
his scent drifted to her on the evening breeze , all the spice and masculinity , the outdoor , wild scent she recognized as dax .
his scent drifted to her on the evening breeze , all the spice and masculinity , the outdoor , wild scent she recognized as dax .
his intoxicating scent enveloped her , heightening her awareness of him .
he took in the early morning , breathing in the rain and scent of the forest .
instantly his fresh scent enveloped her .
he buried his face in the wealth of blue - black silk and inhaled her scent one last time before he succumbed to the sleep of his people .
her scent reached him as she opened the door .
that scent of hers - fresh earth , the forest , wild honey , of dark secret places and the night itself , drew him as no expensive perfume ever could .
that scent of hers - fresh earth , the forest , wild honey , of dark secret places and the night itself , drew him as no expensive perfume ever could .
she relaxed and he inhaled the scent of her , his head near her shoulder , so that the thick braid of silky hair brushed his skin and her feminine scent enveloped him .
she relaxed and he inhaled the scent of her , his head near her shoulder , so that the thick braid of silky hair brushed his skin and her feminine scent enveloped him .
rather than the battle with blood and death , she smelled of the forest , fresh rain and wild honey , that elusive scent he found enticing .
black tendrils of smoke rose and dissipated in the air , leaving a clean , fresh scent .
sitting only a scant few inches from him , the scent of her surrounding him and her warmth filling every cold space in his mind .
he inhaled the scent of brush , flowers and trees .
the scent of flowers hit fenris as they approached a large open meadow .
the flower was beautiful beyond belief and the scent seemed to burst over both of them .
she could feel her body reacting to the stimulating scent .
` ` each blossom takes on the scent of one 's lifemate , enhancing the addiction to their taste and smell . ''
she stepped close to him so that her scent enveloped him along with the blossoms .
even the soft velvet petals seemed to hold his scent .
the scent was a mixture of both of them , heady and intoxicating .
lycan sense of smell was very acute and branislava 's enticing scent was so alluring he found himself entranced by her .
her scent wrapped him up in velvet and left him reeling just as it had the night before .
even her wrist gave off that beckoning scent of wild honey and citrus that he 'd come to identify as branislava .
the rain always left behind a fresh , clean scent .
he 'd just had her , but that woodsy scent , fresh honey and rain aroused him all over again .
she inhaled deeply , reaching for dimitri 's woodsy scent .
she took that familiar scent into her lungs and just held it there , suddenly desperate to see him .
she had no doubt that he had known - that he 'd heard foreign footsteps or smelled their scents on the wind .
he even smelled the scent of potent , rich soil .
he allowed himself to inhale her scent , to bring his hands up to her back and hold her , fingers splayed wide to take in as much of her bare skin as possible .
she took a breath , inhaling his scent , wrapping herself in him for a moment while she considered how to best come to his aid .
the way it looks , the feel and scent of it .
he 'd removed the damp , musty smell and replaced it with a fresh , clean scent , but he had n't had time to do much more .
around her the fragrance of the flowers began to take on his scent .
cupping the blossom in her open palms , she inhaled his scent deeply as she slowly knelt up .
his scent was heady , all around her , as hundreds of blossoms in the field took on his fresh , masculine aroma .
she smelled his spicy scent and then he rubbed nectar across her lips .
behind the mask of petals , she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent .
just that one act of aggression on his part and instead of feeling his familiar form - in a field of flowers holding his scent - her past still had such a powerful grip on her that she 'd lost the man she loved more than anything .
the field of flowers with his scent , the mask of soft petals , even kneeling before him with her hands on his thighs , feeling that heavy erection against her face , her mouth .
the scent was a spicy cinnamon .
the moment she was close , he drew her scent into his lungs and was able to breathe fully again .
he breathed in the air , taking in familiar scents .
he inhaled the scent of her hair , all that soft silk falling over him .
he looked at her a long time , breathing in her scent , tasting that addictive flavor of cinnamon mixed with honey , willing her to believe he would get them through this .
he became aware of the scent of the aromatic candles .
she inhaled the clean masculine scent of him and took solace in his integrity and compassion .
she made no move to try to roll away from him , but lay there , her legs over his shoulder , her breasts heaving , the combined scent of them permeating the air .
the scent of cinnamon filling the cavern added to her illusion .
he inhaled , drawing the scent of each of the women into his lungs .
he licked at her scorching sheath , and then nuzzled her , inhaling her perfect scent .
she nuzzled him again , inhaling his scent .
it was a combination of scents .
the smell of sulfur claimed every other scent , drowning out even the smell of blood .
he laughed and drew in the floral scent of her shampoo before letting her go .
the same scent filled her when she closed her eyes at night .
a hint of the wine they drank flavored her scent .
now , as his eyes were drifting closed and the fresh scent of spring curled even closer , he realized what made judy stand out from all the rest .
the scent , the feel of his skin on hers doubled when he removed his shirt and sent it to the floor .
the peach scent of the shampoo she used hit him first , and then the silver fleck of her blue eyes sparkled as she looked up at him .
a scattering of cows was off in the distance , but not enough to fill the air with the scent of manure , which was a blessing for the homeowners .
she pressed into him , let his pine scent seep into her every pore .
his arms were strong , the pine scent of his skin would linger if he could hold her for just a moment longer , but he pulled away nearly as quickly as he entered her arms .
she rested her cheek on his chest and inhaled his scent and the protection his arms created around her .
the feel of her foot sliding along his leg , and the scent of her desire as she opened for him had him settling between her legs .
her fresh clean scent drifted zach 's way and called to him .
zach 's arms , the scent of his skin , wrapped around her .
he moved past her , ignoring the floral scent of her skin that reminded him of spring .
the strong musky scent that was pure neil invaded her senses .
for a moment she stood still , enjoying the feel and scent of the man she 'd fantasized about relentlessly since they 'd met .
the floral scent of the shampoo she used found a comfortable place inside his head and took root .
neil pulled the deep scent of the pines into his nose .
every time she 'd passed him that night , her perfume caught hold of him .
close enough for her to absorb the masculine scent of his cologne , the very fragrance that lingered on her skin after their one brief intimate moment .
the musky scent mixed with that of soap met her nose .
his arms circled her waist and the pure masculine scent of him surrounded her in a familiar warmth .
the heat of her sex beckoned , and eliza enticed him with her scent .
she hated to admit it , but she could smell his masculine scent with a hint of spice and that drove her crazy .
along the way , max explained the subtle differences in scents .
the scent of chlorine grew evident in the air .
her scent saturated his senses , making him desire her in the most primitive of ways .
even his skin held the scent of some exotic cologne .
her scent filled his brain .
her eyes hid her desire , but her scent did n't .
her scent made his body ache .
* * * * max rested in her lap , her scent filled him more in this form than it did in his human state .
her scent mixed with gorman 's when he passed through the swinging doors .
snow fell quietly ; the fresh scent of the air would have been welcome from the porch of the eddy home .
the scent of her sun - kissed skin , the slight taste of salt on his tongue , made him want even more of her .
the lingering scent of cold rain felt heavy in the air .
the fresh floral scent of monica 's skin preceded her into the room .
the spicy scent of his skin made her want to lean in and take a deep breath .
she leaned down and kissed savannah 's forehead and drew in the fresh , clean scent of her skin .
he avoided her personal space but could n't keep her floral scent from reaching his nose .
the softness of his touch , the pine scent of his skin .
although she was n't watching him , dean dominated the small space and the pine scent of his skin floated toward her .
his taste and scent flooded her , bringing back every wonderful memory of their brief , passionate time together .
part of her wanted to push him away , but the other part ... the woman who enjoyed the deep heat of his hand resting on her hip and the masculine scent of his skin as it reached her nose ... that part wanted to snuggle up and enjoy the cocoon of his arms .
she kissed his chin and drew in his fresh pine scent .
instead of concentrating on the coming task , katie noticed the people parting to let them through and drew in the scents surrounding her .
the sterile smell of the hospital walls , part antiseptic , part floor cleaner , met with the unique scent of despair .
when jessie slid into the chair beside him , the scent of his cologne washed over her .
the floral scent of her perfume followed her down the hall .
the floral scent of her perfume followed her down the hall .
more because of the froufrou cologne he wore than his natural scent .
the sweet scent of her skin , her hair , mixed with the realization that tears slid from her eyes .
she buried her head in his shoulder and sucked in the masculine scent of his skin .
the taste of ale on his lips , the smell of the wool of her family plaid mixed with the unique bold scent of gavin was something she would always remember from this night .
the air shifted and a high sulfur scent filled the air .
the scent of a fresh meadow after a cleansing rain settled over her .
she heard the hooves of horses , smelled the sweet scent of horseflesh .
as the scents dissipated , helen opened her eyes and gazed at the book in wonder .
he stood so close she could smell the masculine scent of his skin mixed with a musk that drifted with him all the way from the sixteenth century .
the floral feminine scent of her filled his over - enhanced olfactory senses , the ones he had whenever he took on an animal form .
a faint scent of lavender he knew the women put in the soap had him pulling in a deep , refreshing breath .
he bent his beaked - head toward the fresh scent and willed his massive wings to hold on a little longer .
the stale garlic scent of his breath mixed with hers as he peered closer .
he pulled in a deep breath , as if drawing her scent into his body before pushing away .
his nose twitched with a scent more familiar than any before .
he smelled the sweet scent of her breath , knew without a doubt she desired his taste as much as he did hers .
* * * * with the camp set , and the fires burning , the hearty scent of simmering food wafted in the air .
the heat of his shaft was close to her cheek , the scent of his skin penetrated her mind .
as the steaming water cascaded off her skin and the strawberry scent of the shampoo penetrated into her scalp , liz wondered about the words left in her own handwriting to a person she did n't even know .
he stepped close enough for her to smell the scent of soap on his skin .
she smiled over the rim and pulled in the scent , savoring it .
he really should walk away but her scent drew him in .
he had given it a college try for a solid five minutes when they first sat down , but with her so close , and her scent taking hold in his brain , he could n't help himself .
the aromatic scent of the stable and the fresh smell of rain mixed when she entered the barn and shook off the collection of rain water she 'd acquired in the short walk .
her sweet scent permeated his senses .
the scent of baked apples filled the air .
most times she would love the heavy scent of oak and moss , mixed with the pine .
he brings his charming accent with him and the scent of his amazing cologne .
the flowers that surround us throw their luscious scents into the breeze and i never want this moment to end .
i can smell the sweet scent all around me .
combined with the cool breeze that brings in the scents of the ocean , it 's amazing .
i can smell his scent lingering in the air even after he 's gone and i sniff at it .
and maybe the woodsy scent of the olive groves .
his scent is so soothing ... so woodsy and masculine and perfect .
he sits next to me , and i inhale him , breathing in the scent of man and rain and security and want .
the lights , the sun , the sea , dare 's scent , his fingers , his hands .
the weight of his body next to me is absent , the scent of him gone from the air .
i ' ve never smelled that scent before .
his scent curls around me like a blanket and i inhale , feeling calm for the first time all evening .
he is above me and around me on the bed , his spicy scent enveloping me in the night .
i sit still for a while , soaking in his scent from the room around me , absorbing him as much as i can .
her movement stirred the scent of sour milk and sweat .
she asked him with a smile , as she inhaled the scent of the fat droplets sizzling on the sidewalk .
she laid her head back on his hard chest , letting the scent of his masculinity surround her .
he slid his hands over her soft body and buried his face into her neck , her soft scent sending him over the edge .
she inhaled the heady scent of sex that lingered in the air like velvet and lightly trailed her fingers up and down his chest .
the baby 's tiny hands rested against her chest and she could practically smell the powdery , heavenly baby scent .
she leaned into the softness of his shirt and inhaled his clean scent .
stephen grabbed her and pulled her close , as she buried her face into his shirt , inhaling his familiar scent .
he leaned over and hugged her tightly again and she let him , closing her eyes at the familiarity of his scent .
we 're quiet for a while , surrounded by the scent of the hot wooden boards , the lake water , the sunshine .
i inhale his scent .
and then i pull him to me , inhaling his scent right before i kiss him as deep as i can .
i sit in brand 's shirt in the sand , smelling his scent on my skin and drinking wine as i stare at the stars .
the wind whips my hair behind me and carries the scent of the lake , of the water and the sun , of brand .
since i had drunk from harmonia 's blood and it still pulsed through my veins , her scent was lingering on me .
i breathed slowly and deeply , inhaling his masculine scent and enjoying the solitude .
as she did , her fragrant perfume drifted toward me .
and i closed my eyes , inhaling her scent .
her br**sts were pushed in his face and the seductive scent of her perfume filled the small hut .
her br**sts were pushed in his face and the seductive scent of her perfume filled the small hut .
he brought the smell of sunshine with him wherever he went and i would know the scent anywhere .
his delicious scent wafted to me on the breeze and without meaning to , i closed my eyes to inhale it .
i could smell its heady scent beneath my nose and it drew me in , tempting me to bite .
i felt his warmth , smelled his masculine scent , felt the softness of his skin and the rigidity of his muscles .
i should be trying to think of a way out of this mess , some possible way that i could save the man that i loved , but all i could do was lay limply in his arms , inhaling his scent and absorbing his warmth .
as his scent filled my nose , unquenchable thirst filled my consciousness .
the perfume oil conforms to the woman who is wearing it , creating an exquisite , unique scent for each who wears it . ''
i inhaled the fresh air deeply , enjoying the scents of the many different flowers .
but none of the delectable scents or the beauty surrounding me could take my mind off of what i had just learned .
it was still fresh ; glistening and raw and its scent teased him .
one fed the other : the dual penetrations , the heat and sensuality , the sleek , pulsing sensations , the intimate tastes and scents .
he breathed in her heated scent , felt the tremors in her torso and her weight suddenly sag between him and the wall .
the space beyond was a kaleidoscope , filled with swirling gowns of every pastel color imaginable , an aromatic soup of lily and rosewater , lavender pomade , powder and the scent of too much physical exertion , along with the enthusiastic strains from a brass quintet in the corner .
it was a constant buzz of activity , noise , color and , of course , scents .
as she breezed past , the air stirred , her curls bounced and her gown flowed and voss caught her scent .
her scent surrounded him and he felt something tug in his belly , followed by a sharp twinge on the back of his right shoulder .
just as they drank brandy often laced with blood , or wine or ale , they could find pleasure in the texture , scent and taste of food , despite the fact that it provided no real nourishment .
plants hung from high on the walls , blossoming tendrils falling like rapunzel 's hair and releasing floral scents into the air .
he smelled pleasant - a woodsy scent .
he smelled foreign and spicy , very unlike the common pine and balsam scent harrington favored .
he closed his eyes for a moment , focusing on everything else around them : the scent of gardenias attached to the hanging vines , the nearby roar of laughter and the spritely tune from the string quintet .
a world of red pleasure , blazing sensuality , a whirlwind of sweet , floral scent .
perhaps even a bath , if the spicy floral scent emanating from her hair was any indication .
` ` it 's a lovely and unique scent . ''
when she brought it close to her nose , she found that the scent that reminded her of him clung to the silk lining .
the very essence of the place was hot and lush , stemming not from its colonnaded design but from the scent of warm blood and rich wine , along with the haze of hashish smoke filtering from another chamber .
yet , despite her absence , angelica 's scent somehow rose above every other smell - and there were many of them , not all pleasant - in blackmont hall , reminding him that she was near .
yet , he salivated as he smelled the citrusy - floral scent melded with woman and a waft of summer breeze from the open window .
did she fancy it , or did his scent linger ?
far better to mull about moldavi and his habits than to think about angelica in that warm , sleepy state ... and the alluring scent that clung to her hair and around her shoulders when he 'd come into her chamber last night .
on the creamy paper , the scent of ink was laced with the smell of angelica 's fingerprints , rising over stale ale and sweat .
the closeness made the mixture of rose water aroma and angelica 's lily of the valley scent mesh with something sharp and masculine , along with wool and smoke .
the spicy sage and rosemary scent of corcellet 's renowned sausages did n't have to fight hard to be noticed above the other smells of patisserie or cigar smoke , although the sweet and overbearing gillyflower perfume of the whore who stumbled into voss gave it some competition .
the spicy sage and rosemary scent of corcellet 's renowned sausages did n't have to fight hard to be noticed above the other smells of patisserie or cigar smoke , although the sweet and overbearing gillyflower perfume of the whore who stumbled into voss gave it some competition .
his nostrils twitched , the scent of blood strong and sweet and of angelica filling them .
even angelica 's alluring scent had faded .
they had a faint , minty scent and some of them boasted tiny , fuzzy lavender flowers .
all at once , the maids were gone , and they were alone- now in a far more intimate environment of warm , damp skin that had recently been bare , the scents of lavender , lemon and orange in the air , and fewer layers of clothing .
he was swamped by the musky , sweet scent of angelica 's pleasure ... felt the sleekness of it on his fingers .
her scent enveloped him ... and that of another , as well .
dimitri returned to the letter , trying not to acknowledge the exotic perfume that permeated the paper .
one of the women - the one in the center - met his yes boldly as they brushed by in a wave of at least five different floral scents , along with powder and body heat , and dimitri acknowledged her with a cold , uninterested look .
loved being spun through the space in his strong arms , their bodies close together , their thighs brushing , the scent of his clothes and hair pomade close and fresh- maia realized the jester was waiting for a response , and also , at the same time , that her face was quite a bit warmer beneath her mask .
he tightened his arm and led her away from the crowd , where she was able to draw in cooler , cleaner air devoid of attar of roses - which seemed to once again be this season 's favored scent , as well as every other of the last years since she 'd been out .
she surrounded him : her spicy , sweet scent , her confident demeanor , her small hands , the pool of her sparkling gown .
the world was red and hot , and the scent of her floral spice filled dimitri 's consciousness .
a slender hand smoothed over the back of dimitri 's shoulders and tickled the ends of his hair , bringing with it lerina 's familiar scent .
his nostrils flared automatically as she moved , sending a renewed waft of her scent into him and her gown shifting tauntingly .
her scent , the light brush from the hair swept over the back of her neck , the heat from her skin and the confirmation that she wore no corset made his gaze tinge red .
assaulted immediately by perfumes and powders and acres of skirts and wraps and trailing - off giggles , dimitri settled onto his seat with nary a word and hardly a glance at his companions .
all three women suddenly fluttered about him as if he were an injured child , and everything became a flurry of pastel skirts and perfumes and wide eyes .
his fingers were strong , and she could n't keep from inhaling him : the fresh blood , the masculine scent of him , the heat emanating from his body .
the roses still bloomed , but the spring flowers that cast such heady scents - lilac , lily of the valley , tulip - were all gone .
her scent filled his nose , along with a renewed rush of pain from the rubies .
lerina leaned toward him again , bringing those shimmering , lethal rubies along with a scent of bitterness .
but maia became aware of the pungent scent of fish filtering through the air ; something she had n't noticed in the parlor .
such a clean , welcoming perfume after hours of his own blood and sweat mingled with the desperate essence of lerina .
that intriguing scent filled his space and a lock of hair hung just in front of his gaze .
he was so close to her , her arm brushing against his bare one , his male scent and the warmth radiating from his skin filling her being .
peace and serenity emanated from her , along with the indefinable scent of something warm and comforting .
the air was humid and heavy with the perfume of mature roses and lilies , underscored by london 's constant tinge of waste and garbage .
the chamber was suffused with her scent , that of slumber and spice and fresh cotton and whatever she used to clean her hair .
especially when he passed by and breathed in the perfume that was her .
one little nick ... she exuded heat , and the musky , sweet scent of desire filled his nostrils as she writhed and moaned against him .
sliding a finger inside , into the tight heat , dimitri shifted as he teased and slid in and out and around , releasing her lush musky scent , turning his vision red and cloudy .
the scent of coitus stained his fingers and the bedcoverings , the little flutter behind her eyelids told him she was dreaming .
she felt the tremors in his arms and torso and breathed in the scent of his salty , sooty , masculine skin , burying her face in the coarse hairs of his chest .
both of the mortals had been bitten and fed upon , and the unique scents of their blood , and the combination of their essences mingling along with the aroma of desire was heady to giordan as well .
the spicy hashish scent clinging to him , slipping into his nostrils and curling around inside his head , he allowed his mouth to settle into a faint smile as he drew near ... and considered how to approach her .
warmth flushed through her ; his scent enveloped her along with the heat of his body .
she had the sensations of heat and solidness enveloping her , the alluring scent of his presence , the warm cotton of his shirt .
the scent of satiation was everywhere in the chamber , clinging to narcise ; there was no way to hide what had occurred .
texture , taste , scent .
potted lemon and orange trees , surrounded by luminaries , released their scent into the breeze .
but she was fully aware of his smoky , rich scent , and the size of his long , bare feet only inches from her own .
so , once the male scents had faded and he knew they were all gone , he turned back to narcise .
as soon as she removed the cork , its warm , pungent scent filtered through the air , telling giordan that while cezar did n't provide his best brandy , it was still a far sight better than what most of the taverns in england served .
he gripped his glass tighter , focusing on the scent of the alcohol and not the essence of woman that filled his consciousness .
his unique scent , fresh and warm , tinged with cedar and wool , had already seemed to overtake all of the other smells of memories - dark , awful ones - in this chamber , and now sat fully in her consciousness , reminding her of how he tasted and felt .
the taste and scent of his skin , so silky and soft around that firm bulge of muscle , mingled erotically with the rush of coppery blood over her tongue , and narcise closed her eyes as a long - subdued desire rushed through her .
she pulled out of the pleasure for a moment to remind herself : this was so different from the other times , when the overwhelming scent of lust was pungent and stinging , and as repugnant as the bitter smell of death .
now , the chamber was filled with the scents of desire , male and female alike , mixing and stewing together to create an even headier perfume .
now , the chamber was filled with the scents of desire , male and female alike , mixing and stewing together to create an even headier perfume .
her cheek brushed deliberately against the hot , velvet skin of his erection as she worked his breeches down from knee to ankle , and she inhaled the very male , very aroused scent emanating from that center of heat .
her mouth watered at the memory of his taste and scent , and she swallowed hard .
giordan was more than mildly surprised to see the host himself striding toward him , bringing that patchouli and cedar scent into the narrow corridor .
something was not right , and awareness teased her consciousness along with an odd mixture of scents lingering in her nose .
giordan stared down at her , his heart thumping madly , her scent and her very proximity luring him into distraction ... yet he knew he could n't allow his brain to go to mush .
yet , when she pressed her body against his , the warmth from her presence , her heavy , erotic scent , the feel of her curves , all set his skin to tingling and his gums to swelling .
the titillating scent of fresh blood mingled with liquor filled the room .
and there were sounds and scents coming from inside ... heavy , erotic , strong scents .
and there were sounds and scents coming from inside ... heavy , erotic , strong scents .
the scent of whiskey and blood mingle strongly with musk and virility .
the scent of spring roses and lilies caught in the breeze as he walked past neatly trimmed gardens around to the next block .
she realized she was trying not to breathe , for the chamber - especially the bed - reeked of coitus and perspiration , and over it all was chas woodmore 's scent .
she bit her lip , trying to keep from scenting the young man , who was lanky and blond and had an alluring , masculine scent laced with innocence .
chas swept into the chamber in the dark swirling scents of wine and power .
a soft , warm scent filtered from her hair and skin and he found it difficult to dismiss .
his hair filtered around her fingers , warm and heavy , and as she combed through , a renewed wave of his scent released into the chamber .
so slowly , as if to allow her plenty of time to inhale his scent ... to watch his body with its sleek , confident movements .
with the soft buffet came the scent of something familiar and pleasant ... damp wool and cedar .
a phantom memory perhaps , or another man who wore wool and the scent of cedar .
giordan was very close now , standing so that his scent filled her every breath , overwhelming even that of the nearby sewer , battling for her consciousness .
desire and memories filled her , his scent and taste became her world : his strong shoulders and powerful body , the soft silk of his curling hair , the hot erection swelling against her beneath layers of clothing ... it was giordan , after so long , after such pain and deep betrayal ... and yet it was not him .
the scent of lavender rose to tease his nostrils .
he could smell her , the scent of lavender wrapping tightly around him .
the delicate scent of lavender rose once more to tease his nostrils .
her scent wrapped around him , stirring his need , and her hips pressed against him , pushing the tip of his penis inside of her tight opening just a little more .
the scent of pine tickled her nose .
i 'll remember that , '' he murmured , inhaling her sweet scent as her body brushed past his .
not while the scent of lavender hung in the air .
he crept behind her , inhaling her scent .
the faint scent of lavender clung to the sheets , the pillows .
hated the scents , the sounds , and the overwhelming whiteness of the rooms .
he inhaled deeply , drinking her scent .
he kissed her temple , inhaling her sweet scent .
he inhaled her delicate scent and wrapped his arms tightly around her .
that light , sweet scent of vanilla that had always clung to her .
her scent deepened .
their delicious pine scent .
her sweet , vanilla scent filled his nose .
angels often carried a floral scent .
the wind whispered against her cheek and the breeze brought the scent of blood to her .
sam inhaled , catching the scents of the one who approached .
the faintest scent of flowers teased his nose and he tensed , his gaze sharpening .
the scent of flowers hung in the air , a light scent , totally out of place in the all but barren land .
the scent of flowers hung in the air , a light scent , totally out of place in the all but barren land .
her control had never been that good and right then , that scent was sweeter than any candy she 'd ever had .
the taint of the fallen hung in the air , mixing with the scent of ash that clung to the floor , to the walls .
the light , almost sweet scent of flowers in the air .
then the floral scent began to fade as the angel vanished .
bought some new clothes and ditched his shirt because she was tired of his scent clinging to her .
not the light , flowery scent of an angel .
the scent came then , teasing his nose .
the floral scent in the air deepened .
instead , the scent was light , soft , welcoming .
six months ago , she 'd caught that sweet scent a few times in her classroom and in her home .
no telltale scent of flowers teased his nose , but that vision had come from somewhere .
the light scent of flowers teased his nose and his smile vanished .
the scent of flowers fought with the ash , choking him .
the scent of flowers that thickened the air - the angel that was close - he 'd have to wait on her prey .
the scent of the river teased her nose .
the scent of flowers hit her then .
the floral scent deepened , but az wrinkled his nose , obviously smelling something else .
he took a deep breath , inhaling more of that elusive scent .
as she stared at him , trying to understand what had happened , a new scent teased her nose .
a metal door groaned open and a musky scent teased her nose .
the scent of flowers wafted to her nose .
shadows that were too dark near the left wall , right where the floral scent was strongest .
her scent reached him , wrapped around him .
the river was close , and the scent of the water drifted to his nose .
she inhaled and caught his scent .
the scent of flowers told her that , and when she looked toward the balcony , the doors flew inward and there she could see ... oh , crap .
he shoved open the club 's back door and inhaled the lingering scent of jasmine in the air .
the scent of jasmine rose over the stench in the alley and filled his nose .
even when the setup was wrapped in the scent of jasmine and wore a pretty smile .
the scent of leather and man permeated the air .
the rich scent of man and the harsher scent of fire filled her nose .
her br**sts pressed against his chest , her thighs shifted beneath his legs , and the scent of jasmine surrounded him .
the scent of jasmine hung in the air , and his c**k pulsed with arousal .
when the scent of smoke drifted to him on the wind , sam stiffened .
his nostrils flared as he drank in the scents around him .
everything had a scent .
the lightest scent of flowers tangled with the brimstone .
she knew what that light , sweet scent meant .
her scent surrounded him and , every breath he took , sam swore he tasted her .
the scent of flowers was strong .
seline tilted her head and caught the light scent of flowers .
the scent of flowers filled the room .
the scent of flowers had filled the air all around him .
smoke blazed forth , and the heavy scent of brimstone filled the air .
the scent of sulfur burned seline 's nose .
the light scent of roses teased sam 's nose .
the scent of strawberries was stronger , and a strange ache burned in his chest even as a rough tightness filled his body .
she crept closer , bringing that light scent of strawberries to him .
the scent of flowers swept into the room , blowing in on the breeze from outside .
he could still smell the scent of strawberries .
az entered a cavernous room and , even with the cluster of bodies , he caught the scent of strawberries .
as she turned away from the demon , jade could have almost sworn that the light scent of flowers teased her nose .
the flowery scent seemed to deepen .
her scent teased his nose .
that sweet scent of strawberries filled his nose as she leaned in even closer .
the scent of flowers teased his nose , but he knew that scent was n't coming from some floral tokens left on the graves by mourners .
the scent of flowers teased his nose , but he knew that scent was n't coming from some floral tokens left on the graves by mourners .
in those few moments , humans could catch the sweet scent of flowers .
her scent slipped around him .
the scent of flowers teased his nose again .
the thick scent of incense filled the air .
his bellow hurt her ears even as ... as the scent of flowers drifted in the air around them .
the scent of flowers was so strong now that the fragrance drowned out the death and blood .
az followed that floral scent out of the house .
and the scent of blood that coated the feathers - it was angel blood .
and when we got here and he started talking to people that i could n't see and my nose '' -he tapped said nose- '' kept catching the scent of flowers , i knew death was standing close by . ''
his lips brushed over her hair even as he inhaled her scent .
jade 's scent .
the panther inhaled the scents around him .
the scent of a dozen perfumes lingered in the air .
the scent of a dozen perfumes lingered in the air .
the scent of the river drifted in the air .
but jade could smell the too - sweet scent of flowers , and that was supposed to mean that a death angel was close , right ?
mateo exhaled and the scent of smoke deepened around him .
but the distinctive scent of an angel still drifted in the air around him even as jade 's blood littered the ground .
the scent of flowers flooded the room then .
and the sickeningly sweet scent of flowers hung in the air around him .
she ignored the scent of flowers .
the scent of flowers was so strong in this wretched place .
the scent of flowers teased his nose .
jade 's scent faded until he could only smell brimstone .
her head fell against his shoulder and her light scent drifted around him .
her scent , fresh flowers , teased his nose .
her scent slid around him .
there had been no mistaking the rich , masculine scent that clung to the soft sheets .
he inhaled , like he was sampling her scent .
a sweet scent teased her nose .
tanner reached for the bartender , ignored the blood and the growing scent of flowers in the air .
that floral scent deepened .
her scent hung lightly in the air .
she caught a light floral scent in the air .
his nostrils flared as he inhaled her scent .
enjoyed the way her moans filled the air , and the lush scent of sex deepened in the air around them .
no one was- his nostrils flared as he pulled in the scents .
marna caught the sweet scent of flowers , and her shoulders stiffened .
the scent of flowers deepened around marna .
the scent of flowers teased her nose .
he took another deep breath and just pulled in more of her scent .
marna wondered if the others could smell the light scent of flowers that had drifted into the room .
her scent had come to him like a soothing touch the minute she 'd stepped into the doorway .
it was the sweetest scent in the world .
the scent of flowers deepened .
the scent of the hospital - antiseptic , cleaner - filled her nose as she hurried back to the recovery area .
her scent was pulling him in , drawing him closer and closer .
he could smell holly , and now ... now pate 's thick scent was mingling with hers .
she closed the distance between them , the clicks of her high heels filling his ears and her seductive scent wrapping around him .
duncan demanded as he inhaled deeply , desperate for more of that scent .
but he was also starting to think her sweet scent might be making him a bit drunk .
and if she came close to him again , with that scent , with those dark eyes ...
leaving him with her scent still around him .
his nostrils flared as he pulled in the scents around him .
the musky scent of saul and- honey .
he could smell the rich , heady scent .
caught more of that heady scent and did n't even care if the scent was part of a vampire 's appeal to draw in her victims or if it came from the karahydrelene or if it was just her .
` ` harold said he 'd be sending me some treats , but i had no idea ... '' he inhaled again , seeming to draw her scent fully into his lungs , ` ` that a vampire was on the menu . ''
so she reached down and wrapped her arms around a body - a body with broad shoulders and a scent that had started to haunt her .
he followed the scents that flooded his nose .
a new scent filled the air .
the rich , slightly wild , masculine scent that was pure duncan .
a light scent teased duncan 's nose .
not just her sweet scent , but also her fear .
near enough for holly 's scent to recently rub off on him .
duncan caught the salty scent of the ocean , drifting in to him from the windows high above .
his mouth hovered over her throat and he seemed to be drinking in her scent .
he inhaled , catching the scents around him- just as the footsteps turned and started running in the opposite direction .
going down , down , and the scent turned heavy with mold and earth as the darkness swelled even more , ever deeper .
after their dive , he should have smelled of salt and the ocean , and he did , but , more than that , he had a rich , almost heady scent that seemed to seep into her .
her sensual scent wrapped around him .
he inhaled , trying to pull in their scents and - got you .
she could almost catch that wild , woodsy scent in the air .
her scent was damn near intoxicating , and if he 'd just been a werewolf , he probably would have been nearly mindless in his desire to claim her .
` ` are you quite certain that intriguing scent you keep mentioning - are you certain it 's not working on you ? ''
that 's where the new scent comes from .
oh , god ... this is why my dad messed with my scent !
her sweet scent flooded him , reassured him .
there was one more barred door up ahead , and chloe could swear that she smelled the scent of fresh air .
then he was in front of her , less than a foot away , close enough to smell the light scent of jasmine that clung to her skin .
he asked , bending to inhale the sweet scent of her body .
it gives me your scent .
` ` every time i see you , every time i smell your sweet scent , i want you . ''
close enough for her to smell the crisp , masculine scent that clung to him .
her sweet scent still filled his lungs .
skye 's scent wrapped around him .
his scent filled her nose .
the salty scent of the ocean filled her nose .
he could smell skye 's scent on his skin .
the scent of leather filled the car 's interior .
her sweet vanilla scent drifted in the air .
noah 's hands tightened on the wheel as the salty scent of the water filled his nose .
he inhaled deeply , as if drinking in her scent .
the guy seemed to have bathed in cologne , too - the cloying scent was about to choke her .
as she neared , drake caught the sweet rush of her vanilla scent .
that vanilla scent was tempting .
the vanilla scent teased his nose once more .
the scent of sex and vanilla and woman hung in the air .
so why was he pulling her closer and inhaling that vanilla scent that clung to her ?
the scent of the river drifted through the window .
when he 'd been close to her in that alley , when her body had been pressed against his , the scent of sweet honey had teased his nose .
his rich , masculine scent wrapped around her .
he gets close enough to brush up against me anyway , and i can smell his scent as he goes by .
nicole holds it out , accepting some of the rich dark liquid being poured out , its steam and scent rising up to get nicole 's mouth watering .
he runs some of it through his fingers and then puts it under his nose , closing his eyes and smelling it , wanting to memorize her scent .
he 's so close she can smell his laundry soap on his shirt and the scent that is uniquely him .
nicole smiles as the scent of her baby and her husband mingle and put her inside a happy fog .
his lips were warm , and his familiar scent washed over her , overwhelming her with his maleness and the way he always made her feel so vulnerable and strong at the same time .
he could smell her shampoo and familiar perfume .
sarah sat down , and a wave of her perfume washed over him .
* * * candi was immediately overwhelmed by the totally male scent of kevin , filling her nostrils .
sarah had gathered a few very fragrant flowers , and they each rubbed the petals on their bodies , doing their best to wear perfume for their big dates .
a spritz of my favorite perfume makes me feel almost human again .
his idea of a delicious scent is probably fermented pig turds .
how dare he insult my signature scent !
i told you , hannah and i ... '' my perfume kicks in and all that 's left of the strangers around me is the slight scent of cumin .
i told you , hannah and i ... '' my perfume kicks in and all that 's left of the strangers around me is the slight scent of cumin .
for the first time in all the years i 'd known candice , i fully appreciated her habit of leaning in to inhale people 's scents .
the smell of fake flower scents sprayed over turds wafts under my nose , making me almost retch .
taking the vase from him , i bury my face into the blooms and inhale the luscious scent of the roses .
i walk inside and inhale the scent of fabric softener sheets and hot dryers , my eyes scanning what will probably be my first real job place .
` ` when i breathe in your scent , i ache . ''
her scent surrounded him and made him nearly feel drunk .
her scent was stronger there , and he loved that light , sexy smell .
her scent rose , filling his nose , and for an instant , he stilled .
that scent ... he 'd always enjoyed her scent .
that scent ... he 'd always enjoyed her scent .
the sheets were tangled , and her scent was deeper there .
and that scent was in the air .
with every frantic footstep , the scent deepened .
jon inhaled deeply , trying to pull in their scents .
he inhaled , drinking in her scent .
dante inhaled , pulling all of the scents into his lungs .
dante pulled in more scents .
the scent of ash and that wild , woodsy scent grew stronger .
the scent of fresh flowers surrounded him and the woman - tall , slim - tilted her head back as she stared up at him in absolute horror .
and ... the scent of smoke teased ryder 's nose .
he caught the faint scent of flowers .
he inhaled as he ran , pulling in all the scents around him .
but the scent of fire ... the scent of woman ... the sweet but rich scent that he 'd come to associate with sabine - that scent came from dead ahead .
he inhaled her scent , bringing it even deeper into his lungs .
ryder kept following that fresh air scent .
the coppery scent of her blood rose to fill her nose .
when daisy left her in new orleans , sabine inhaled the scent of the river .
so she held him , gripping him just as tightly as she inhaled his familiar scent .
the wooden floor had creaked beneath her feet and her lush scent teased his nose .
he expected the cabin to smell musty , closed - in , but the area was filled with a sweet , light scent .
hear the sights and smell the scents of the city she loved so much .
a light , sweet scent .
her scent began to fill the air .
bringing her sweet scent and staring at him with - with no fear in her eyes .
again and again and the scent of sex filled the air around her .
cain inhaled , taking in all the scents .
when he stepped inside the shop , the scent of incense and oils burned his nose .
a light scent that pulled him forward .
his c**k began to swell as he inhaled her sweet scent .
that light , rich scent of lavender from her lotion .
when he stopped before her , the scent of lavender flooded his nostrils .
a sweet scent , light , rising over the decay and vermin of the alley .
he 'd smelled the stale scent of sweat .
her fragrance , perfume , woman , that lavender scent he was coming to crave , had his nostrils flaring .
her fragrance , perfume , woman , that lavender scent he was coming to crave , had his nostrils flaring .
his nostrils flared as her scent teased him .
so silky and soft - and that light scent of lavender covered her .
she drew in deep breath , caught the scent of the flowers , fresh and clean from the late evening rain .
her smell , that rush of lavender and the warm scent of woman , teased his nostrils .
the red roses spilled from the vase kim carried , their lush scent tickling holly 's nose .
the sweet scent of vanilla filled the air and holly 's breath caught .
surrounded by the scent of candles and sex , he had n't let his guard down .
the thick scent of bleach filled the air , stinging his nose .
the faint scent of lavender .
she could smell his cologne , a rich , masculine scent .
to follow that warm scent and put her head on his shoulder , or against the crook of his neck .
he hurried from the station , her sweet scent still filling his nostrils and a helpless need tightening his gut .
the leather seat felt soft and sleek beneath her , and with the windows rolled up , the scent of leather and man filled the car 's interior .
a light , lavender fragrance hanging in the air , mixed with the wilder scent of woman .
the fresh scent of soap .
the warm , rich scent of man .
just the faintest trace of her soft lavender scent remained in the air .
the heady scent that was pure cara thickened in the air .
he 'd said the same words at the station , but he needed to say them again , now , with her in his arms and her scent on his skin .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her sweet scent .
he leaned in close , pressed a kiss to her cheek , and inhaled her scent .
the scent of sex and lavender floated around him as cara scrambled to his side .
god , but her scent was everywhere .
so close she could smell the crisp scent of his aftershave .
cara followed on his heels , her seductive scent wrapping around him .
he inhaled slowly , as if savoring her scent .
are women gon na start following me around now because my scent is supersexy ? ''
colin 's scent , rich , masculine , wrapped around her , and a strange ball of heat began to form in her stomach .
her scent , the light , fragrant scent of roses , filled the air around him .
her scent , the light , fragrant scent of roses , filled the air around him .
colin inhaled her delicious scent one more time , then he stepped back , completely freeing her .
kneeling , he inhaled and caught the same stale scent of cigarettes he 'd noticed earlier .
her scent surrounded him , and the warm weight of her body pushed against him .
emily shuddered against him , and the rich scent of her arousal filled the air .
she brushed past him , and his scent - the warm , rich scent of masculine flesh - teased her nostrils .
she brushed past him , and his scent - the warm , rich scent of masculine flesh - teased her nostrils .
her scent filled his nostrils , and the light whisper of her breathing filled his ears .
emily snagged her glasses , drew in a deep breath , and was immediately wrapped in his rich , masculine scent .
she was dressed in immaculate , very high - end clothing , and a cloud of french perfume hung in the air around her .
her ni**les were poking against the front of her dress , and he could smell the sweet scent of her woman 's cream in the air .
when he squeezed her with the tip of his fingers , she gasped into his mouth , and the rich scent of her arousal perfumed the air .
her scent was in the air , in his nostrils .
a musky , familiar scent flooded his nostrils .
the rich scent of her arousal flooded his nostrils .
it was the smell that told him , that antiseptic scent and the steady beeping of a nearby machine .
her scent - the sweet scent reminded him of roses - wrapped around him .
her scent - the sweet scent reminded him of roses - wrapped around him .
his crisp , masculine scent teased her nose .
rachel inhaled , drinking in that crisp scent .
because if he stood there in her bedroom , with her scent around him any longer , he was going to crack .
the scent of smoke clung to dylan as he held her in a grip that crushed her .
a faint breeze blew through the window , bringing that scent to her .
a light scent .
the night was hot , stifling , and gabrielle thought she could still smell the overwhelming scent of blood .
her scent - so sweet and light , not like the cloying scent of penelope 's perfume - teased his nose .
her scent - so sweet and light , not like the cloying scent of penelope 's perfume - teased his nose .
her scent - so sweet and light , not like the cloying scent of penelope 's perfume - teased his nose .
he bent his head closer to hers , following that tempting scent .
` ` right here , '' penelope said , her perfume seeming to swirl in the air around him .
the scent of fresh air and the mighty mississippi river teased her nose as tina was led outside .
her scent , light , sweet strawberries , wrapped around him .
he inhaled her sweet scent - still strawberries .
tina 's heady scent still filled his nose .
the scent of strawberries drifted in the air .
` ` love that scent on you . ''
strawberries should n't make a man feel drunk , but her scent worked better than wine on him .
her scent , light , sweet , seemed to fill the air around them .
his scent wrapped around her , and she remembered - too vividly - what it was like to be locked in his arms .
it carried her sweet scent , light vanilla , and he knew just where her bedroom waited .
gunner pulled sydney against him , breathed in that vanilla scent and locked his hands around her waist .
he was kissing her neck now , inhaling more of that wonderful scent , even as his hands went between her thighs .
it had nearly ripped her apart to stand there with the scent of flowers choking her .
the scent of the salt water was strong , and a million stars glittered down on him .
her scent rose up , filling his nose .
he took a breath and caught the sweet scent rising from her hair .
a scent that he remembered from what seemed like a lifetime ago .
the wind blew the scent of honeysuckles toward him .
the fresh scent of the magnolias was in the air .
that scent had reminded him of her .
but that magnolia scent teased his nose .
that her scent did n't make him hard .
he sucked in a breath , pulled her sweet scent into his lungs and moved back .
every breath brought in his scent , filling her with him .
he pulled in a breath and caught the scent of vanilla .
the scent drifted from the open bathroom door .
a sweet but sensual scent .
* * * the scent of booze hung heavily in the air .
logan took a breath and pulled her scent deep into his lungs .
he much preferred the softer scent , like vanilla cream , that he could all but taste as it clung to her skin .
the lotion she 'd rubbed on her body - that vanilla scent was driving him wild .
lucas crushed his mouth against hers and let the hunger take over - the hunger that had been building the whole time he 'd been trapped beside her in that suv , trapped with her soft flesh so close and her sexy scent surrounding him .
her arousal , the rich scent of woman , teased his nose .
her gaze darted from wolf to wolf , and the scent of sweat and fear teased his nose .
the wild , woodsy scent that clung to his skin filled her nostrils .
so did the lush scent of woman .
the scents of the night hit him .
she seemed even paler , and the scent of smoke clung to her .
she looked so delicate , so sexy with her hair mussed and his scent on her .
the nipple was hard , already pebbled against his fingers , and the scent of her arousal deepened around him .
and the lingering scent of coyote teased his nose .
the scents of jasmine and vanilla hung in the air .
` ` tell me ... '' he breathed in her scent .
the scent of grass , of ocean , of ... sarah .
more laughter , only this time , it came from the big blond and the scent in the air - yeah , it did kinda smell like sulfur - deepened .
he 'd just reached the top when the scent of smoke teased his nostrils .
her legs parted for him and the scent of her arousal filled his nose and drove him wild .
her scent surrounded him , and he just wanted to take and take .
he inhaled , drawing the scents in deeper .
her scent was all around him , the rich scent of her sex tormenting him .
a sweet , feminine scent flooded his nostrils .
he sucked in a quick breath and just caught more of her scent .
her scent was all over his skin .
her nose ached from all the bitter scents .
he could smell her - the antiseptic scent of the hospital , stale cigarettes , and vanilla body lotion .
her body was close , pressing so softly against his , and her rich scent was all around him .
his thumb pushed down on her clit and the scent of her arousal teased his nostrils .
the woman 's small nostrils flared as she drew in the scents .
jana pressed her face into his neck and inhaled his scent .
the slap of their bodies filled the room , and the scent of sex surrounded her .
zane inhaled her scent and started running away .
her scent lingered so strongly in the air .
a heady scent , rich and dark .
too aware that her ni**les were tightening and she was leaning toward him as her nostrils flared and she tried to suck up more of his scent .
her scent was so much richer now and the hunger inside had only grown stronger .
the scent of pine teased her nose .
a dozen scents assaulted her nose .
the scent was so ripe and rich , better than the strawberries she 'd always loved and dee wanted to slither closer , to taste .
a train whistle echoed in the distance and the scent of rain carried on the wind .
and the scent tempted .
the scent teased his nose and a growl built in his throat .
the scent of smoke teased zane 's nose .
` ` yeah , it is- '' the door flew open and the light scent vanished .
no way would he ever mistake dee 's rich scent .
her scent always got to him .
he 'd had her sweet scent in his nose .
he took a breath , tried to catch her sweet scent , just once more .
his nostrils flared and he inhaled her scent .
a scent that had once repelled him but now slipped inside and tempted him closer .
her heart stopped as his scent filled her nostrils .
his nostrils were full of her scent .
it was hard to speak normally , with her so close , with that sweet scent filling his nose , and with the beast roaring .
there was another scent in the air .
the scent of his cologne filled her nostrils .
her scent teased him .
the rich scent of her need , a fragrance that only made his arousal stronger .
` ` i swear , you have the sexiest scent .
the hyena flinched , and a soft , familiar scent teased jude 's nostrils .
the rich scent of mickey 's blood teased him .
she headed across the middle of the big atrium of the courthouse , eager to- a rich , musky scent teased her nostrils .
she closed her eyes for a moment and drank in that scent .
the scent of the flowers was sickeningly sweet , combining with the stench of the shifter , a stench that seemed lighter now , weaker .
the scent of her rich cream flooded his nostrils and the drumming beat of his heart just grew louder in his ears .
the thickening of that rich scent in the air .
he inhaled , catching her scent and the lingering fragrance of sex in the air .
jude took a breath and caught her scent .
his nose was working again - he 'd felt lost for a time without the onslaught of scents teasing him - and the heady fragrance that was erin filled his nostrils .
erin 's sweet scent clung to jude 's skin - he 'd just had to claim her once more , could n't resist that temptation , but the stench of the den wrapped around him as he crossed the threshold .
the scents in the air had his nose twitching and burning .
her scent filled his nostrils , sending his c**k surging to full , hard attention and making his heart race with a twisted mix of lust and need and fear .
the scent of her cream filled his nostrils .
but a light , fragrant scent , almost like flowers .
her scent , roses and aroused woman , tickled his nose and made his c**k jerk .
her nostrils flared as she moved , drinking in the scents of the night .
it was an unusual scent , one she remembered back from her days in high school when a chemistry experiment had gone dismally wrong .
the rich , heady scent filled his nostrils and made the beast inside him desperate for release .
the whimpers were coming from the left , and she caught the faintest trace of perfume .
he could smell the faint scent of soap on his body and he knew that before , he 'd been covered with blood and grime .
he brushed by her and she caught the faint scent of incense .
the heady scent that floated on the wind and teased her nostrils , sending her heart racing and making her palms sweat .
the death that hung in the air like perfume .
the soft thud of their flesh filled his ears , the scent of sex blended with the smoke in the air .
the scent of flowers deepened around him .
he bent his head over her , inhaling her sweet scent .
she inhaled and caught the scent .
as she stepped inside , the scent of smoke seemed even stronger now .
her sweet scent filled his nose .
the scent of peppermints teased him .
he inhaled deeply , drinking in the scent .
the scent of lilacs was stronger in the small space .
the bed carried her sweet scent , tempting him .
a familiar , coppery scent .
her sweet scent filled his lungs , banishing the coppery stench of blood that had clung to him since he 'd found the judge 's body .
not a cologne scent .
he could still smell her sweet scent .
inhaled more of that sweet scent .
the scent of the roses was sickly sweet .
her hair brushed against his nose , bringing him more of her scent , and her body pressed perfectly against his .
the scent of strawberries was stronger there .
a slightly woody , masculine scent .
filled with the scent of old dust and mildew .
trent studied the package as the scent of the roses filled his nose .
he shut the door behind her , catching the faint scent of her lingering perfume .
he shut the door behind her , catching the faint scent of her lingering perfume .
the scent of the mississippi drifted on the wind even as faint jazz music teased his ears .
the sickeningly sweet scent of the roses hit her the instant she stepped inside .
the sweet scent of the roses made the whole room smell of death .
katherine - katie - walked into her home and smiled when she caught the scent of fresh flowers in the air .
chapter six the angel in the red dress came up to him in a cloud of perfume and sex .
he leaned in closer and caught more of her scent .
he caught her scent , light , flowery , and wanted more .
another scent filled her nostrils .
the scent of sex and woman hung in the air , making max want more .
the light , flowery scent of her shampoo teased his nose .
her scent surrounded him , her soft bed cushioned him , and the feather - light weight of her hand pressed against his chest .
the scent of smoke clung to kenton , filling the interior of her car .
he drew in a breath , caught the scent of sex and lora as he eased out of her body .
the scent of alcohol hung in the air all around him .
the scent of fresh flowers filled the air .
trapped in the plane with her , he 'd been able to do little more than drink in her scent and drink in ... her .
luke sucked in a breath , smelling her , warm woman and a hint of that light perfume she 'd always worn , and he tried his level best not to touch the woman as he crowded in beside her .
he sucked in a deep breath and caught more of her heady scent .
but that sweet scent - lavender - filled his nostrils - and he really liked lavender .
the scent of sex and monica hovered in the air all around him .
the sweet , lavender scent of her shampoo teased his nose .
a scent teased her nose .
i 'll be seeing you ... . '' the car squealed away , and the scent of burnt rubber filled her nostrils .
the light lavender scent deepening .
he paced around the cabin , the scent of pine filling his nose .
the sooner he could- the light scent of lavender wrapped around him .
he inhaled the scents in the night .
could n't stand there and inhale her scent .
he took a deep breath , inhaled the scent of her blood , and then his fingers slipped inside of her wound .
then alerac inhaled the tempting scent of her arousal .
the scent reassured her .
he could also smell jane 's sweet scent .
he preferred the sweet scent of her desire .
he inhaled the scents .
blood soaked his shirt and that sweet scent tempted her .
the scent of the ocean teased his nose as the wind blew lightly against him .
` ` company , '' he told her as he drew in the scents of the night .
a familiar scent teased her nose .
and ... iona inhaled deeply , wondering about that other heavy , too thick scent in the air .
as he pulled in her scent and felt her slender body against his , he had to ask , ` ` why did you kill the others ? ''
he inhaled her scent .
the pounding of the surf hit her ears even as the scent of the ocean filled her nose .
jamie inhaled the scent of the ocean .
they were inside the heavy walls that had once surrounded her old home , and the scent of ash teased her nose , a reminder of the fire and death she 'd dealt earlier .
she heard their whispers ... ` ` blood queen ... '' ` ` she 's back ... '' ` ` back and pissed , '' iona clarified , letting her voice ring out and not glancing over at latham and jamie even as the scent of blood deepened in the air .
he 'd never been able to forget that lush scent .
pressed his lips against her throat and inhaled her scent .
he could smell her sweet scent , hear the ragged gasp of her breaths .
she could smell the metallic scent of the silver hanging in the air .
he inhaled deeply , drawing in her scent .
paige 's sweet scent still filled his nose .
a bitter scent , heavy with incense .
so many scents burned her nose .
his scent - a little wild and with the richness of the forest clinging to him - wrapped around her .
the sweet scent of blood had her smiling .
her scent pulled him in - no one should smell like that .
her heady scent filled his nose .
* * * the scent of smoke reached her , thick , cloying , and allison froze .
oh , yeah , she liked that scent .
their scents had been so strong that he had n't noticed- a knife plunged into his back .
the scent of roses filled his nostrils and soothed the beast within .
as he closed in on her , jace picked up her scent , separating the light perfume of her skin from the booze , sweat , and the cigarettes in the air .
as he closed in on her , jace picked up her scent , separating the light perfume of her skin from the booze , sweat , and the cigarettes in the air .
but it was n't the normal y sweet , tempting scent that cal ed to her kind .
when he touched her , he caught the deepening of her scent .
he inhaled , catching al the scents .
the lingering scent of bleach is mixing with the fresh white paint on the walls , and i wish my teacher would open the window to let in a breeze .
when i pass him i smell the strong scent of mints , and i know i 'll never be able to taste peppermint again without gagging .
somehow a warm drink and the scent of coffee made me feel better .
i could smell him , his familiar scent .
my room smelled like vanilla lavender , the perfect relaxation scent that my aromatherapist recommended .
i lifted his arm and snuggled up next to him , breathing his natural , athletic scent .
i was not fond of the way her floral perfume smelled .
he was smiling , no doubt still smelling my perfume .
her perfume did n't even make me nauseous .
my mother always smells like vanilla , the scent of comfort , and although i do n't know why she 's hugging me , in her arms the events of the day , of the weekend , come crashing down .
at table seven is an older woman whose overabundance of perfume tickles my nose .
a touch of lip gloss and a dash of perfume , then i make my way out to the living room .
with the mating urges beating at me and your scent wrapped around me and your skin under my hands , i know for a fact that i wo n't be able to resist biting you any longer .
he inhaled deeply , wanting that scent he 'd missed to be nestled deep in his lungs .
as her scent wrapped around him , he barely resisted the temptation to bury his face into the crook of her neck .
the scent caressed her senses and made her tingle all over .
he inhaled deeply , taking shaya 's scent inside his lungs and using it to calm him .
` ` and with your taste on my tongue and your scent all over me , i 'll sleep just fine . ''
when he was around her , when his scent was filling her senses and he was touching her , that loneliness subsided .
his wolf growled in approval as her scent washed over him .
drawn by the scent of her , he settled himself between her legs , and growled at how wet and swollen she was .
her sweet scent lured him like nothing else could .
she had only just switched on the coffee machine when she picked up amber 's scent .
the smell of nick and shaya 's combined scents seemed to hit everyone at once , because they were all smiling - even amber , despite that it was fake .
` ` hey , your scents have mixed , '' said taryn , pleased - a total relief for shaya .
the familiar scents of pine , sun - warmed earth , and moss hit her nose .
the place itself had a familiar scent ... she had been here before .
there was a trace of a familiar scent in the air that made his nerve endings come alive .
it was hard to think past the way his scent - an alluring blend of pine needles , cinnamon spice , and sandalwood - caressed her senses .
just like always , her wolf immediately stirred at his presence and his amazing scent .
he could n't help inhaling deeply ; the mix of the pure , tantalizing smell of her arousal together with her own unique scent was like a punch .
a delicious male scent filled her nostrils .
at the same time , a familiar delicious scent washed over her , exciting her wolf .
drawn by her alluring scent , he settled himself between her thighs and swiped his tongue through her wet folds , making her cry out .
it was as she threw them into the huge garbage container that several unfamiliar scents surrounded her .
surrounded by her scent , he suddenly felt much more at ease , and the tension that had been riding him all day began to leave his body .
he drew in a deep breath to help clear his head , but instead was assaulted by the sweet scent of her arousal .
he kissed a path down her chin and along her neck , letting himself drown in her scent .
he rubbed his cheek against hers , wanting that scent on his own skin and wanting his scent on hers .
what he had to decide now was whether he should tell her what he wanted , or whether to let her find out when she suddenly started wearing his scent and sensing his feelings .
he breathed her in , letting her delicious , captivating scent galvanize and arouse him .
he rubbed his cheek against hers and sniffed behind her ear , taking in her scent .
he wanted to lie with her , feel her skin , bathe in her scent , and give her whatever comfort he could .
nodding , he - ignoring grace 's sharp look - squeezed past lydia and kissed jaime 's hair , inhaling her scent .
dante kissed her cheek and filled his lungs with her scent , reassuring himself and his wolf that she was fine .
it was just a sweet , earthy , divine , addictive scent that made her melt .
she watched as he inhaled deeply , taking the scent of her arousal inside him , but he did n't lean forward as she 'd expected him to .
although he loved her scent and often found himself wanting to writhe in it , he looked forward to their bond advancing and their scents finally mixing .
burying his nose in the crook of her neck , he took that caramel - and - honeysuckle scent into his system .
her incredible , sinful scent assaulted him and was like a narcotic to both him and his wolf .
our scents have mixed . ''
his claws dug harder , breaking the skin , and the scent of blood drifted to her .
i figure the fewer people and scents around her , the better .
the scents were appealing , but not as appealing as the other scent .
the scents were appealing , but not as appealing as the other scent .
feeling her skin against his and smelling the unique smell of their combined scents were the only things keeping his anxiety at bay .
one , the smell was actually a person 's scent - a most delicious scent ; fresh pine , spring rain and cedar wood .
one , the smell was actually a person 's scent - a most delicious scent ; fresh pine , spring rain and cedar wood .
two , the alluring scent belonged to a male .
taryn heaved the air around her into her system , filtering through the various scents .
her wolf was going crazy at the strange , unfamiliar scents , wanting taryn to explore the place .
and her scent ... god , her scent .
her scent still lingered and it was reasonably fresh .
knowing what she was supposed to do , taryn placed her nose at the junction of his neck and shoulder and , just like he had done to her , took in his delicious scent on a long inhale .
trey inhaled deeply , taking that exotic scent into his lungs .
she wanted to explore this new woodland , wanted to find out what those unfamiliar scents and sounds were around her .
he 'd only been half - listening to the conversation as he 'd been too busy nuzzling taryn 's neck , breathing in her exotic scent .
the cold breeze on her face combined with the familiar scents of the forest had left her feeling refreshed and settled her wolf .
he only had to smell her scent or hear her voice for him to become immediately hard .
the wolf rubbed his cheek along hers and buried his nose behind her ear to inhale her scent .
there had been no more heated looks , no more whispered promises , no more licking the marks on her neck , no more taking the odd moment to inhale her scent .
the scent flowed over her , stroking her senses and stirring her wolf who was anxious for some contact with her mate .
trey locked his arms around taryn 's waist , keeping her back against his chest , and allowed himself the luxury of burying his face in her neck to drown in that scent that could so easily make his c**k hard .
after skimming his nose along the crook of her neck to again take her scent deep into him , he gave her a lingering kiss .
trey could smell the mouth - watering scent of her arousal from where he was - enticing him and luring him .
then he settled himself between the v of her thighs , inhaling deeply to take that feminine scent inside him .
trey 's scent swirled around her , comforting both her and her wolf .
the flirty scent of her arousal washed over him , luring him and urging him to taste her .
her scent urged him closer like a magnet , luring him to glut himself on her , to take what was his .
his chuckle quickly died as the door of the diner opened and a familiar scent reached his nose .
he needed to be buried deep inside her body , needed to be swimming in her scent , and he needed the taste of her in his mouth .
so instead of saying her goodnights and making her way to bed , she let her eyes drift shut and took comfort in the scents and voices around her until they lulled her to sleep .
taryn 's exotic scent had instantly shot up his nostrils , but it was too faint .
just then a hint of a familiar scent drifted to him and he almost smiled .
play with your hair , feel your skin , taste your lips , inhale your scent .
trey buried his face in the crook of her neck and swam in her exotic scent ... and that was when he smelt the scent of the other male .
near her , surrounded by her scent , he could breathe better .
breathing in her scent and kissing her neck softly , he asked , ` ` you okay , baby ? ''
breaking the kiss , he buried his face in the crook of her neck and took her scent deep inside him , let it flow over him and center both him and his wolf .
then they were licking each other 's faces and placing their noses behind the other 's ears to inhale each other 's scent .
burying his face in the crook of her neck , he inhaled her scent , letting it settle into his lungs and tease him .
his deliciously spicy , masculine scent swirled around me , making me want to drag him to our bedroom and have my wicked way with him on the king - size bed that we 'd moved here from his old apartment .
the pain , the sight of her evil smirk , and the scent of both jared 's and antonio 's blood in the air was simply too much for me to take .
his spicy , masculine scent swirled around me , stirring my senses .
if she had been anyone else , the scent of her blood in the air would have made my mouth water .
nuzzling sam 's neck , i breathed her in , took inside me that vanilla scent that was tinted with honeycomb .
her skin tasted slightly like her scent ; like vanilla and honeycomb , and like energy and mine .
instantly we found ourselves in a small , cluttered living area that stunk heavily of smoke , sweat , stale food , and the distinctive scent of cannabis .
at this point i had established by their scent that they were male seen as females tended to have sweeter scents .
` ` this is what it will feel like to be on a battlefield , varying blood scents will be swirling around you .
it 's like there 's a part of me that 's dormant until her husky voice or intoxicating scent is near and then that part of me wakes up and completely takes over .
we each have our own alluring scent and the texture of our skin is beyond perfect , with no freckles or scars or moles .
it was that enchanting scent .
the scent that flavoured it was spicy and masculine .
a scent that i 'd know anywhere and happily inhale all day long .
felt his eyes , felt his annoyance ... and god that scent .
that amazing scent of hers - vanilla musk with a hint of honeycomb - was shooting up my nostrils and threatening to splinter my self - control .
i nodded my head , unable to speak now that i was breathing in spike 's scent and he was staring down into my eyes with a sexy smile on his face .
the scent of his cologne or whatever it was that made him smell so good was filling my nostrils and my head , making it really hard not to imagine his lips on mine like they had been earlier .
burned flesh is n't a nice scent .
the flowers were so tall they came to my waist and i could smell the sweet scent of them as i walked through .
spilled drinks , the scent of se**n and remnants of consumed meals were present in several .
` ` that smells wonderful , '' perdil breathed in the scent of the freshly - baked chocolate cake as i pulled it from the oven .
the scents of cake and cooked meat and bread and spices are on the air , making my mouth water - i forgot to eat lunch .
.i inhale his clean , vital scent .
holy f**k . chapter seven the first thing i notice is the smell ; leather , wood , polish with a faint citrus scent .
i ' m lying on top of him , my head on his chest , and he smells divine : fresh , laundered linen and some expensive body wash , and the best , most seductive scent on the planet ... christian .
will he let me sleep , perchance to dreammy mouth quirks up at the silly thought , and turning my face into christian 's chest , i inhale his unique scent and nuzzle him , but immediately he tenses ... oh crap .
very subtly , i inhale his sweet , intoxicating christian scent .
he tastes divine , hot , sexy , and his scent - all body wash and christian is so arousing .
i breathe in his scent .
he is so tantalizingly close , his scent intoxicating .
` ` i was so worried , '' i murmur , rejoicing in his embrace and inhaling his sweet , sweet scent with my head against his chest .
we are both in christian 's bath , facing each other chin - deep in foam , the sweet scent of jasmine enveloping us .
sleepily , i put my arms around his neck and breathe in his scent - oh , he smells so good - as he carries me back to the bedroom .
i love his intoxicating scent , his strength , his mercurial ways - my fifty .
i whisper reassuringly into his neck , inhaling his delicious scent .
he smells outdoorsy , slightly sweaty , of body wash , and christian , the most welcome scent in the world .
i resist touching him but inhale his glorious christian scent , still fresh from last night 's shower .
there 's a pungent , rich , musky scent in the air .
he smells of fresh laundry , body wash , and christian - the most calming and arousing scent on the planet .
i can almost smell the scent of the meadow flowers ... ` ` can we marry tomorrow ? ''
the warm breeze carries the smell of the mediterranean and the scent of jasmine and bougainvillea from the shore .
drinking in his scent , i curl around him , trying to ignore the loss and devastation i felt in my dream , and in that moment , i know that my deepest , darkest fear would be losing him .
his scent still clings to the linen , and my chagrin about butt plug washing is forgotten .
he spills jasmine bath oil into the running water , filling the room with its sweet , sensual scent .
i nuzzle him again and inhale his christian smell , which is now mixed with the heady scent of sex .
he wraps it around my head , blindfolding me again , and i feel a frisson run through me as all my other senses heighten ; the sound of his soft breathing , my own excited response , the blood pulsing in my ears , christian 's scent mixed with the citrus and polish in the room - all are bought into sharper focus because i ca n't see .
then i ' m wrapped in his arms , his nose in my hair , and i ' m inhaling his scent , his warmth , his love .
outside it 's a mild late - summer morning , but the scent of the coming fall is in the breeze .
it 's scented - a rich , musky , sensuous scent that i ca n't place .
the cool late - afternoon breeze carries the scent of the coming fall and the chalky , dusty smell of derelict buildings .
he grabs a washcloth and shower gel from the rack , and the sweet familiar scent of jasmine fills my nostrils .
the sun is shining , and the salty tang of the sound is in the air mixed with the scent of the coming fall .
i sniffed them to ensure their fresh scent and smiled at their lemon aroma .
i breathed in liza 's scent and was transported back to the day we 'd said goodbye .
the hairs on my body came to attention and her perfume invaded my senses .
i can still smell the perfume she was wearing when i think of that moment . ''
i could still smell her sweet vanilla scent .
i closed my eyes and could almost smell her perfume .
i wrapped my arms around her and took in a deep breath as i took in her heavenly scent .
i took in a deep breath , inhaling cale 's heavenly scent .
the moment i smelled her perfume , i stopped moving .
my senses were overtaken by his scent .
inhaling a deep breath , libby 's perfume filled my senses .
lifting my arms above my head , i inhaled his musky scent .
i buried my face into his neck and took in his heavenly scent .
the smell of her perfume filled my senses , and for a brief moment , my knees felt weak .
i could almost smell her perfume and hear her voice .
` ` i felt you ... and i smelled your perfume . ''
i knew that i 'd wake up every morning and roll over to breathe in your heavenly scent .
i tried desperately not to cry , but the second her perfume hit me , i began crying .
he leaned down , his familiar scent causing another squeeze of desire in my belly .
she wrapped her strong arms around me , enveloping me in her familiar sweet scent of vanilla and sugar .
my awareness of him was heightened even more than usual - his hard body pressed close to mine , the steady , slight rise and fall of his chest against my back , the clean fresh scent of his skin and the hint of his cologne ...
the familiar , delicious scent of caine 's cologne tickled my nose , and other less innocent places .
from there i licked the other , scraping my teeth lightly over it , before moving downward , brushing my lips over his skin , inhaling the familiar scent of him , tasting him .
the prince found the perfume of her goodness surprising and most pleasing .
he could smell their scents , the aromas heightened due to their sexual arousal .
the air clung , growing thick with the scent of the lovers - a mixture of blood and sex that teased the prince 's nostrils .
the scent of sex filled the air as the lovers clung to each other .
not a single one of the scents was familiar .
from his vantage point , he was no longer close enough to examine their scents or hear their words as they continued dancing .
there was a combination of scents in the air but the two he was most eager to locate were noticeably absent .
there was more than one vintage , but the scent that attracted his attention was young and unaccountably sweet .
the scent seemed almost familiar , so much so that his already heightened desire was coupled with nostalgia .
she closed her eyes and inhaled as his scent swirled in the room .
her nose was filled with the various scents of individual bloods , the aroma heady and unbalancing .
she could smell him - a scent of citrus and the woods .
this was the source of the new , pleasant scent .
emerson 's wife had a light , floral scent that nearly masked the smell of her disease .
her scent was enticing .
he found himself inhaling her scent .
she heard the striking of a match and inhaled the scent of smoke .
all six vampyres inhaled her heady scent , turning with hunger in her direction .
she was thinner than william preferred but he inhaled her scent eagerly ; the spicy tang of her blood almost a taste on his tongue .
the shower regretfully removed william 's scent and the evidence of his release from her body .
i ' m not sure what to do about her bed sheets because they still smell like her , and i have no idea if her scent will do to sue what it 's doing to me , which is making me remember meg in such a real visceral way - sleepovers and dance parties and those talks we would have until three in the morning that would make us feel lousy the next day because we 'd slept like hell but also feel good because the talks were like blood transfusions , moments of realness and hope that were pinpricks of light in the dark fabric of small - town life .
it 's a beautiful day , full of the promise of spring : clear skies , puffy clouds , the sweet scent of early flowers blowing in on the breeze .
the sheets smelled of fabric softener and the sophisticated soft scent that was unique to sam and julianne .
damp earth , sweat , and the coppery scent of blood tingled ari 's nose .
once she 'd slipped it on , she dove under the covers and snuggled her head deep into her pillow , smelling her own perfume on it .
he sighed as though bored , as if being in the same room with her , smelling her perfume , seeing a pair of her panties lying on the floor did n't do a number on him .
` ` jai ... , '' she whispered , pressing closer , the clean scent of soap and vanilla causing another flush of heat to engulf him .
her mind was wiped blank of the jinn world , her senses focused solely on the chest beneath her head , the strong arm around her waist , the sound of his heart beating against her ear , and the smell of him - that rich , spicy scent all his own .
she clutched him in relief , inhaling his familiar spicy scent as she pressed her ear to his chest .
the cubes melted , and the heady scent of copper filled the room .
and when the smell of ari 's perfume hit him seconds before her soft body curled against his back , her arms sliding around his waist , her cheek pressed to his shoulder blade , that weight disappeared entirely .
i was lost in the feel of him , of the scent of his cologne , of the sound of his voice vibrating through me as he sang softly along with lowe .
it brought me close to him and my nostrils flared slightly at the scent of my perfume lingering on him .
it brought me close to him and my nostrils flared slightly at the scent of my perfume lingering on him .
chapter one the heady scent of flowers filled the room .
even after i washed my hands a dozen times , they still smelled as if i 'd doused them in floral perfume .
her pictures , her perfume , her things , her work , her clothes , and the funny refrigerator magnets she collected .
it was cloudy with smoke and the thick scent of marijuana .
i now knew that irresistible scent was the sport version of l'eau d'issey by issey miyake because i 'd found rae wrapping a gift set of it just the other day only to be told it was for cole for his upcoming birthday .
chapter 16 a t the press of a gentle touch on my lower back , i found myself inhaling the scent of cole 's cologne .
his scent was everywhere , his heart beat at my back , and his hand caressed my breast .
the sun had long since gone down , and the scent of rain clung to the air as i headed toward jackson square .
gravy steamed off my plate , and the scent was downright enticing , but my appetite had taken a big hit .
the scent of sweat and liquor was overpowering as we were packed in .
his apartment was on the sixth floor , right outside the elevator , and when he opened the door , i was greeted to a rather sparse place with an open floor plan and the fresh clean scent that reminded me of the detergent holly used to wash our clothes in .
i turned slowly to the door , inhaling the sudden honeysuckle scent .
the scent of honeysuckle grew .
as i neared the top , the metallic scent was so strong that i could taste it in the back of my throat .
there was a distinct antiseptic scent permeating the air .
the scent of her apple blossom perfume drifted over him , a bizarre contrast to the scene at hand .
the scent of her apple blossom perfume drifted over him , a bizarre contrast to the scene at hand .
they were apple blossoms , just like the perfume she normally wore .
the blossoms grew and then fell apart , showering her in fragrant petals , far sweeter and richer than any perfume of hers could manage .
mae ran her fingertips over his name , and suddenly the scent of the gardenias became cloying and oppressive .
he was too lost in the taste of her wine - sweet lips , intoxicated by the scent of sweat and apple blossoms .
lying there only made him think of her again , especially since the scent of her perfume lingered on the sheets .
lying there only made him think of her again , especially since the scent of her perfume lingered on the sheets .
she had tiny roses tucked into her hair , and their scent surrounded me .
i tipped my head back , taking in the scent of honeysuckle .
i 'd remember the clean , crisp perfume of the deserts of the thorn land or the soft , rolling hills of the rowan land .
just before i fell asleep , i thought i caught the lingering scent of apples and cinnamon from where he 'd been lying .
the scent of ozone spread around us , and i felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up from the electrical charges in the air .
there was an overwhelming scent of water and dirt , but as a light breeze ruffled my hair , i sensed something else ... the promise of growth and new life .
the mesquite trees were also in bloom , filling the air with a sweet , heady scent .
i opened the door and was nearly knocked over with the cloying scent of jasmine .
the jasmine mingled with her own natural scent was intoxicating , far better than any perfume i 'd ever gotten her .
the jasmine mingled with her own natural scent was intoxicating , far better than any perfume i 'd ever gotten her .
i kissed the top of her golden head , taking in the mingled scents of her soap and skin .
the mingled scents of patchouli and nag champa surrounded her , reminding me of more carefree times , when she and i would huddle together to work on spells .
that close , the scent of vodka coming off of him nearly knocked me over .
i had picked up declan and was cradling him in my arms , surprised that i 'd missed his warmth and , for lack of a better term , baby scent .
already one had tracked the perfume of her longing past the surly billy goat to peer in her bedroom window .
its skin was as soft as the velvet of jack husk 's jacket and the scent ... she could smell the honey sweetness of it even through the skin , and she lifted it and took a deeper breath .
so close , the perfume it released was like a drug , and kizzy had a powerful urge to lean in and taste it too , to taste the nectar on his lips .
he breathed the scent of a strange lily and fingered some broad waxen leaves .
she sang , ` ` hair like fire and skin like snow and eyes as brown as a forest doe , '' and she kissed mab 's small nose and breathed the scent of her hair .
the air was so rich it had body , fragrance seeming to carry in it as easily as sound : perfumes , birdcalls , every breeze as alive with darting songs and scents as the sea was with fish .
the air was so rich it had body , fragrance seeming to carry in it as easily as sound : perfumes , birdcalls , every breeze as alive with darting songs and scents as the sea was with fish .
the scent of brimstone 's revenant incense slowly filled up the rock chamber , and first uthem , then the others , came alive .
animal scents , musky and ripe .
its perfumes , too .
when he shifted his grip on ten to navigate the turning , liraz 's head tipped and fell heavily against his , her brow to his jaw , and ziri felt the fever heat of a seraph 's skin for the first time before he eased it away , and he breathed up close the scent that he had followed from afar .
the spice note was bright , and like a burst of heat it seared a path for something much more subtle and unexpected - the most secret of perfumes , natural , he had no doubt , and so faint his kirin nose could never have detected it , not even as close as this .
ziri faced straight ahead and did n't lean or turn to try to breathe it in , but even so , walking in the darkness , dragging a corpse and carrying an angel who would probably gut him for touching her as soon as she recovered - if she recovered - that secret perfume made him conscious of the claws on his fingers , the fangs in his mouth , and all the ways he was not himself .
tickle and heat and even a trace of his scent .
every breath she took was the heat and scent of him , remembered and rediscovered , as she remembered and rediscovered his solidity , too - the realness that somehow came as a shock , because the impression of him was so ... unearthly .
` ` some , '' he went on , ` ` lie together under a shared blanket and breathe the scent of each other in their sleep .
he realized , with a pang of deep sorrow , that though she was directly upwind of him , and the spice scent of her was as bright to his senses as a color , he could no longer detect the other - the secret perfume , so fragile , that hid within it .
he realized , with a pang of deep sorrow , that though she was directly upwind of him , and the spice scent of her was as bright to his senses as a color , he could no longer detect the other - the secret perfume , so fragile , that hid within it .
the rain had stopped , but the night was alive with its memory in drips and rivulets , and with creature trills and honey scents , the air balmy and rich with mist .
their sweet scent was probably the reason why i dreamed of my sister and me in our garden .
the scent of jasmine hangs on the air .
out here , the wind brings with it the sweet scent of spring .
i inhale deeply , catching the scents of ocean , sweet and savory pastries , roasting pig and fish .
our father comes to greet us from inside the house - he is a whole and healthy vision , a fantasy of someone i never knew , with laughter in his voice , the scent of wind and wood on his coat instead of the familiar perfume of wine .
our father comes to greet us from inside the house - he is a whole and healthy vision , a fantasy of someone i never knew , with laughter in his voice , the scent of wind and wood on his coat instead of the familiar perfume of wine .
but a rush of feelings , images of his hands , his arms , his lips are charging through my mind and i try but ca n't push the thoughts away , ca n't ignore the scent of his skin and the insane familiarity of his body .
there are small labels affixed to each package to distinguish one scent from another .
my mouth moves down to his neck and he gasps , and i breathe in the scent of his skin , take in the taste of him and i run my hands down his chest , kissing my way across and down the line of his torso .
the soft scent of her filled him with a desire to lay her down and claim her right then and there .
all i want to do is sink my tongue into her wet pussy and lose myself in the scent of her .
i can smell her perfume ; it 's familiar and too sweet , like a million flowers competing for attention .
it smells like him , and the warmth and scent is so comforting after the night i ' ve had that i feel tears prick at the back of my eyes before i manage to get a grip on myself .
his scent and heat surrounds me , and i let myself fall a little deeper into him .
i catch the scent of her hair as she moves past me , and it smells so damn sweet that i want to bury my face in it , to breathe her in .
the heat of her singes my side , and this close i ' m drowning in her scent .
with them held tight to my chest , i breathe in the scent they carry , clean and masculine with just a little spice .
i let the sweet vanilla scent of her hair override the thought of how badly i need to stay focused on football , of how it 's the only chance i stand at a decent future .
i run my fingers through her ponytail , and the scent of vanilla settles over me .
with a river at my back and the cool breeze carrying the scent of flowers , i was distracted for a moment from my search .
she slid onto the seat closest to me , and i caught a whiff of sweet perfume .
he smelled of baby scent and fresh pee , and she cuddled him like a large hot - water bottle , his immediate warmth and need making her notions of watching over her men in the lonely cold seem silly .
i would wake screaming or moaning , to the scent of disinfectant and the sound of soothing words , incomprehensible against the echoes of gaelic shouting in my dreams , and fall asleep again , my hurt clutched tight in the palm of my hand .
he could feel the change begin with the first scent of the kitchen - so strong and rich , after the wind - thin smells of loch and moor and wood - but it was n't until he had finished the ritual of shaving that he felt himself altogether human once more .
thank god it was n't raining ; impossible to hear through the pattering of raindrops , and the pungent scent of wet plants masked the smell of animals .
there was an unusual element to her scent this evening ; he thought she was beginning to smell of milk .
he could swear that sometimes he woke with the smell of her on him , musky and rich , pricked with the sharp , fresh scents of leaves and green herbs .
the scent of warm ginger came into the study with her , wafting enticingly from her apron .
despite the lateness of the hour , the light was still on , and the heartening scent of cocoa and freshly baked almond cake lingered in the air .
the wind had changed with the dawn , and the scent of the sea came inland now , whispering through the grass .
she laughed and leaned down to him , hands on his shoulders , her hair brushing his face with the scent of moss and sunlight , and he felt the prickle of dry leaves against his back and knew they lay in the glen near lallybroch , and her the color of the copper beeches all around ; beech leaves and beechwood , gold eyes and a smooth white skin , skimmed with shadows .
the sharp scent of whisky struck him , and he tried to turn his head away .
to go away from this damp , spongy atmosphere , set foot on that forbidden road and walk it with a free , long stride , up into the crags and along the deer trails , to feel the air clearing and sharpening with the scent of gorse and heather .
the loch was calm and the fishing slow , but it was pleasant on the water , with the august sun warm on their backs and the scent of raspberry canes and sun - warmed pine trees wafting from the nearby shore .
but surely it was no more than the rush of air from the vent overhead , and my imagination that the stale smells of perfume and cigarettes were suddenly underlaid by the scents of wool and heather .
but surely it was no more than the rush of air from the vent overhead , and my imagination that the stale smells of perfume and cigarettes were suddenly underlaid by the scents of wool and heather .
i had come within inches of being immured in just such a school as a child ; the scent of the hospital cafeteria sometimes evoked memories of it , complete with the waves of terrified helplessness i had felt when uncle lamb had taken me to visit the place .
the jack - o'-lantern on the desk grinned in anticipation , filling the room with the homely scent of baking pies .
he was big , and solid , and smelled of clean linen and ink , with a warm male scent that was as exciting to me as it was familiar .
i woke so now , immediately aware of the worn linen sheets around me , the dripping of the eaves outside , and the warm scent of jamie 's body mingling with the cold , sweet air that breathed through the crack of the shutters above me .
he smelled faintly of dried hay and cabbage leaves , with the ghost of peat smoke laid over his own deep , musky scent .
the scent of biscuits and fried bacon in the air was faint but unmistakable .
the peat fire hissed on the hearth behind me , smelling of the highlands , and the rich scent of cock - a - leekie and baking bread spread through the house , warm and comforting as a blanket .
there were not so many pipers in the highlands as there had been before culloden , but one had been found , and a fiddler as well , and music floated up the stairwell , mixed with the heady scent of rum punch , plum cake , almond squirts , and savoy biscuits .
her presence was as strong now as the perfume of the fresh pine boughs that lay in a large pile in the back pantry , their presence beginning to scent the house ; but of jenny herself , not a hair was to be seen .
the intermingled scents of drying cloth , hot starch , wet diapers , sweating bodies , oatcake frying in lard , and bread baking were becoming a bit too heady , and when katherine mentioned the need of a pitcher of cream for the scones , i seized the opportunity to escape , volunteering to fetch it down from the dairy shed .
she had been outside ; her cheeks and the end of her long , straight nose were pink with the cold , and the scent of winter mist lingered in her clothes .
it was warm inside , at least by contrast with the chill outdoors , dark , and filled with the pleasant scent of horses , hay , and manure .
it was a small room dug under the house , pungent with the scent of the long braided strings of onions and garlic that hung from the rafters , the sweet , spicy scent of dried apples , and the moist , earthy smell of potatoes , spread in lumpy brown blankets over the shelves that lined the cellar .
it was a small room dug under the house , pungent with the scent of the long braided strings of onions and garlic that hung from the rafters , the sweet , spicy scent of dried apples , and the moist , earthy smell of potatoes , spread in lumpy brown blankets over the shelves that lined the cellar .
the dusty scent of sage filled the air , superseded at once by the pungency of an onion , whacked in two with a casual swipe of the cleaver and tossed into the mixture .
it takes no more to ready me now than the scent of your hair brushing past my face , or the feel of your thigh against mine when we sit to eat .
to the taste of br**sts like apricots , the warm scent of a woman 's navel when she wakens in the winter , the warmth of a mound that fills your hand like a peach , split with ripeness . ''
there was a strong smell of goat , but it was a clean , animal scent , and quite pleasant by contrast with the stench of unwashed sailors .
worn out from work and worry , i twisted the rope awkwardly about one wrist to prevent my slipping out of the harness , laid my forehead on one cask , and drifted off to sleep with the scent of rum strong in my nostrils .
the scent of oranges rose up from the empty cup in my hands , sweet as bridal flowers .
besides the beard that transformed his face , he smelled unfamiliar , his own sweat overlaid with rancid cooking oil , spilled beer , and the reek of harsh perfume and unfamiliar spices .
the spicy scent of sangria wafted from father fogden 's vicinity , but at least he had reached the beach under his own power .
it was good , but the smell of the burning oil in the lamp blended oddly with the aromatic cheese , underlaid - as everything was - with the insidious scent of bat guano that permeated the ship .
i pushed open the heavy door and stepped inside , relaxing at once as the warm , comforting scents of women 's perfume and powder surrounded me .
i pushed open the heavy door and stepped inside , relaxing at once as the warm , comforting scents of women 's perfume and powder surrounded me .
60 the scent of gemstones rose hall was ten miles out of kingston , up a steep and winding road of reddish dust that led into blue mountains .
dark - skinned people were going in and out , and the faint , cloying scent of burnt sugar hung over the place .
the scent of its perfume was so heady that it made breathing difficult ; or perhaps it was only excitement that made my breath come short and stick in my throat .
the scent of its perfume was so heady that it made breathing difficult ; or perhaps it was only excitement that made my breath come short and stick in my throat .
i inhaled deeply , and did seem to find a faint , unfamiliar scent among the smell of dried herbs .
it was a dry scent , pleasant but indescribable - the scent of gemstones .
it was a dry scent , pleasant but indescribable - the scent of gemstones .
the pungent scent of alcohol rose in the air .
then the wind changed , and i smelled the clean , damp scent of moss and wet rocks from the stream , with all the tiny pungencies of the water plants intermingled .
there was a good deal of festive noise outside the open door of the hut , and the scent of something alcoholic - not rum , something raw and pungent - floated in , a high note in the fuggy air of the hut , redolent of sweat and boiled yams .
the basket , momentarily quiescent , heaved to and fro , evidently disturbed by the movement or the pungent scent of alcohol .
as it died away , leaving the scent of scorched earth and burnt brandy heavy in the cool night air , he opened the basket and brought out the cock .
camp kitchens were dug , the cook wagons brought up , and the scent of roasting meat and fresh bread filled the damp air .
still all right , he thought ; it smelled hot and nose - prickling , not so much of the rotten - egg scent of sulfur as wet powder had .
of the ancient toaster - it had come with the house - floated past the ratty green baize door , along with the enticing scent of hot buttered toast .
i threaded my way through a small growth of fresh - budding river willows , found a conveniently screened rock in the sun , and spread out the damp skirt of my shift , enjoying the warmth on my shoulders , the sharp scent of the fuzzy catkins , and the sight before me .
it was ; still chilly until the sun got high , but fresh , and dizzy with the scents of grass , resin - fat buds , and early catkins .
the humid , swampish scent of birth waters , sweat , and blood rose like fog from lizzie 's body , and i felt my own sweat running down my sides .
stood inside for a moment , listening to the trickle of the water in its stone channel , breathing the cold , fresh smell of the place , with its faint sweet scents of milk and butter .
in summer , wilted blooms littered the pavement ; before dawn , the fresh flowers would come in by cart from the countryside , and fill the square with scent and freshness .
grey passed the guard at the back gate with a nod - he 'd worn his uniform , with the lieutenant - colonel 's insignia , to facilitate entry - and made his way down a shabby , ill - lit corridor whose scent of ancient floor polish and ghosts of boiled cabbage and burnt tea cake gave him a pleasant frisson of nostalgia .
she liked the little sitting room across the hall , with its sunny window and the shadows of the ancient yellow rose that flagged that side of the house with its color and scent .
i uncorked the flask , and the full - bodied scent of very good brandy floated out like a genie .
bending low , he took my hand and kissed it again , then smiled at me and backed out of the shop , leaving a scent of bergamot and hyssop mingled with the ghost of good brandy .
the wind had come onshore and blew the scent of cold marshes toward them , spiced with a distant hint of chimney smoke .
now , though , he drew a long , lingering breath , filled with the scent of fresh bread and roast chicken , and felt like an insensible corpse , newly roused from the grave and restored to full life upon the day of resurrection .
for an instant , she allowed herself to let go of everything , feeling weightless in his arms , breathing the scents of petrol and dust and libraries full of old books that overlay his natural smell , that indefinable faint musk of sun - warmed skin , even when he had n't been in the sun .
he picked one up and smelled it : old , but the scent of fish and vinegar was still discernible .
he closed his eyes and breathed deep , the air thick with the scent from the broken stems .
bree went to fetch them cups of cocoa , returning with a rattle of crockery , the scent of hot milk and chocolate , and the look of someone who 's been thinking what to say about a difficult matter .
` ` no , '' he said softly , and bent his head , breathing in the scent of his daughter 's hair .
i picked the rooster up and sniffed ; there was a sharp tang of dried blood and the musty scent of dribbled feces , but no sweet smell of rot .
he breathed in slowly , but the air did n't have that prickling scent of impending downpour - yet .
relieved , william breathed deep and noticed that the swamp 's scents had grown more pungent , the sap of resinous trees rising in answer to the oncoming rain .
earthy , rich , green , and ... fecund , somehow , as though the swamp stretched itself , opening its body in lazy pleasure to the sky , releasing its scent like the perfume that wafts from an expensive whore 's tumbling hair .
earthy , rich , green , and ... fecund , somehow , as though the swamp stretched itself , opening its body in lazy pleasure to the sky , releasing its scent like the perfume that wafts from an expensive whore 's tumbling hair .
glaring wildly round , he saw that the swamp near him was suddenly studded with splinters and chunks of fresh wood , and the smell of sap and heart - wood rose , piercing amid the hot , dancing scent of electricity .
it was still raining , but the air outside was clean and fresh , filled with the night scent of trees , grasses , and rushing water .
she wore powder in her hair and a perfume of jasmine ; the baron , a feral cologne of bergamot and civet .
he closed his eyes , filled his lungs with the scent of the summer night , and purposely forced his mind to go blank .
mandy snuggled close , murmuring one of roger 's more picturesque gaelic phrases , which she was obviously committing to memory , and bree bent her head , inhaling the sweet scent of johnson 's baby shampoo and grubby child .
roger took up his refilled glass and sipped , the wine soft on his tongue and dense with the scents of black currant and black tea .
there was a succulent scent embodied in that smoke , and his stomach coiled in anticipation .
the pungent , sickly - sweet scent of opium drifted out , a genie in a bottle .
he leaned closer , and i caught his own scent above the gamy pong of the buffalo robe - dry leaves , and the bitterness of acorn coffee , laced with sweet brandy , top notes to the deep male scent of his skin .
he leaned closer , and i caught his own scent above the gamy pong of the buffalo robe - dry leaves , and the bitterness of acorn coffee , laced with sweet brandy , top notes to the deep male scent of his skin .
maybe it was memory as much as imagination ; she knew what the air was like in an ordinary , full of the scents of hearthfire , roasting meat , and tobacco , with a mellow smell of beer beneath it all .
the house smelled familiar but strange , steeped in peat smoke and the scent of cooking ; someone had just baked bread , and the yeasty smell floated down the hall from the kitchen .
still fresh , and full of the scent of live green things , but different .
he was grateful for the food ; the scent of jerked meat and journeycake floated out of the canvas depths , and he could feel the hard shape of apples at the bottom .
smith , he supposed , sleeping on a canvas bed sack stuffed with grass ; grey could smell the meadow scent of dry hay , faintly musty in the humid air .
i inhaled deeply , catching the faint , sharp scent of ozone .
the hot air was burdened with the scent of molten lead and the whine of a sharpening wheel , and the camp had a sense of rising urgency that any soldier would have felt at once .
the sky was overcast , a sickle moon glimmering uneasily between racing clouds , and the air held the scent of impending rain .
then there was a door , a blur of light , and an enveloping hot scent of liquor and women - their flesh , their perfume , the smell more befuddling than the sudden light .
then there was a door , a blur of light , and an enveloping hot scent of liquor and women - their flesh , their perfume , the smell more befuddling than the sudden light .
he could smell her hair , a faint scent of soap mingled with the sweetness of tobacco smoke .
trying to breathe the piercing cleanliness of the north wind , the scents of broom and heather .
the scent of green onions and cherries , not quite ripe .
by noon , the pungent mix of animals , humans , sewage , rotting vegetable matter , resinous trees , river mud , and hot brick would be stifling , but for the moment , the faint scent lent a piquant touch to the gentle air .
claire 's hair , half brushed and clouding up around his face as he bent to her , smelling of bergamot , vanilla , and her own green scent .
out of nowhere , i smelled the woods on fraser 's ridge , pungent with balsam fir and poplar sap , heavy with the musty scent of wood ears and the tang of wild muscats .
i detected the basic male animal , very appetizing in itself , but he seemed to have acquired a rather unusual - though savory - bouquet in addition : a faint whiff of sausage , the strong bitter scent of cabbage , and ... yes , mustard , underlaid with something oddly spicy .
she stepped outside , with a deep breath of the fresh cold scent of gorse replacing the dank musk of the broch , her heart beating fast and her mind working faster .
he picked up his own , his nostrils flaring slightly at the scent of the whisky .
breakfast was plainly preparing below ; besides the delectable scent of frying bacon , i could smell toasted yeast bread and fresh honey .
i rather missed the scent of sweat and cabbage that had surrounded me all night .
he sighed , but then relaxed , breathing in the scents of woodsmoke , pine needles , and roasted corn .
arabella - jane did n't smell of the whorish scent she 'd worn at the brothel , but , by christ , she smelled good .
grabbing a handful of the cloth and pressing it to his face , breathing in her scent as though starved of air .
his good eye was beginning to itch from the floating pollen grains , and flies were buzzing interestedly round his head , drawn by the scent of honey .
the meadow was dry , brown and brittle in the summer heat ; jamie 's stockings prickled with foxtails , and the warm sharp scent of ripe hay was stronger than that of black powder .
mrs . macken edged into the room , carrying a candlestick with a fresh wax candle ; he could smell the sweetness of the beeswax , and the scent of honey reminded him of john grey .
i could smell the oil , a soft murky scent under the tang of blood and the resinous smell of the unfinished rafters baking overhead .
` ` what- '' denny began , reaching for the bottle , but dorothea had pulled the cork , and the sweet cough - syrup smell of sherry rolled out - with the ghost of a very distinctive herbal scent beneath it , something between camphor and sage .
the scent of roast mutton came strongly through the smells of dust , mules , and sweating humanity , and grey 's mouth watered so much that he had to swallow before replying to captain andre 's solicitous inquiry as to his immediate desires .
there were no kettles boiling this morning , of course , but the scent of lye soap floated on the humid air like scum on a cauldron full of dirty clothes .
his wavering sight convinced him that he was indeed in a tiny cow byre ; it was new hay he 'd been smelling , and the warm scent of fresh cow dung .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
she did n't let go of him but moved closer , dislodging his glasses and enjoying the scent of his shaving soap and the starch in his linen - and the scent of him underneath .
the second floor of the building would have been suffocating after the day 's heat - but with the gentle night breeze coming through , the air was like warm milk , soft and liquid on the skin , and the meaty smells of the butcher 's shop were now overborne by the night perfume of the gardens at bingham house , two streets over .
she pressed it to her face , inhaling , but the scent of smoke and heather was gone - if it had ever been there .
no place smelled like the highlands , and roger found his heart eased by its harsh perfume .
it was hot and close in the loft , with the comfortable lingering scents of supper crammed in under the rafters , the more argumentative pungencies of ink , paper , buckram , and leather that had built up all day , and the faintly pervasive scent of mule straw underlying everything .
it was hot and close in the loft , with the comfortable lingering scents of supper crammed in under the rafters , the more argumentative pungencies of ink , paper , buckram , and leather that had built up all day , and the faintly pervasive scent of mule straw underlying everything .
a blast of philadelphia rushed in , fluttering the stacks of paper : smoke from a dozen nearby chimneys , an acrid stink from the manure pile behind the livery stable down the street , and the intoxicatingly resinous scent of leaves and bark and brush and flowers that was william penn 's legacy .
squid of the evening , beautiful squid charleston , royal colony of south carolina lord john and his niece , dorothea , ate that night at a small ordinary near the shore , whose air was redolent with the luscious scents of baked fish , eels in wine sauce , and small whole squid , fried crisply in cornmeal .
dottie looked a little dubious , but , thus urged , she took a deep sniff of the atmosphere , to which the scent of fresh - baked bread had just been added as the serving maid came in with a great loaf and a dish of butter with a four - leafed clover - this being the name of the establishment - stamped into its oleaginous surface .
but i did have a small chunk of very ripe french cheese , acquired at extravagant cost and stirred into a little boiled milk to make a paste ; the thick scent of it fought for ascendancy with the pungent smell of ether .
he made his way past a conclave of red - armed laundresses , their kettles all fuming in the chilly air and the scent of smoke and lye soap hanging over them in a witchy sort of haze .
from the moment we left the salt - marsh miasma of savannah , with its constant fog of rice paddies , mud , and decaying crustaceans , the air had grown clearer , the scents cleaner - well , putting aside the wilmington mudflats , redolent with their memories of crocodiles and dead pirates - spicier , and more distinct .
and as we reached the summit of the final pass , i thought i might explode from simple joy at the scent of the late - spring woods , an intoxicating mix of pine and balsam fir , oaks mingling the spice of fresh green leaves with the must of the winter 's fallen acorns , and the nutty sweetness of chestnut mast under a layer of wet dead leaves , so thick that it made the air seem buoyant , bearing me up .
he 'd been eating wild spring onions and watercress plucked dripping from a creek and he smelled of his own male scent , pine sap , and the bloody tang of the two dead rabbits hanging at his belt ; it was like kissing the wilderness itself , and it went on for a bit , interrupted only by a discreet cough a few feet away .
i realized at that moment that i had been resuming my identity as we walked , that step by step as we climbed the mountain , smelling its scents and harvesting its plenty , i had sloughed off a few layers of the recent past and become again what i had last been in this place .
i closed my eyes and leaned back into the shade of the big fir , enjoying its sharp , sun - warmed scent .
every summer , the trumpet - shaped blooms had infused the interior with their sweet scent , especially when she 'd cranked the windows open .
the sweet , potent scent floated over the whole scene , a cloud of it hovering and dispersing , hovering and dispersing .
instead of expressing an innocent greeting , i found myself drowning in her scent - the subtle honeysuckle that had etched itself on to my olfactory sensors that rainy day weeks ago .
i drew her closer still and leaned to inhale the scent of her again , committing it to deeper memory .
as if everyone else had disappeared the moment i pulled her close , i did n't smell the mixture of sweat and cologne from the crush of bodies around us - just her sweet scent .
i could n't smell her sweet scent .
her elbow brushed against me and her now - recognizable scent revived my memories of saturday night .
i veered to the side , sucking kisses on her upper , inner thigh , inhaling her sweet scent , blowing gently as if showing her the path my tongue intended to take .
melody pressed close enough for me to feel the warmth of her perfectly toned skin and inhale her still - familiar scent , something spicy and floral , artificial .
holding his chipped fishermen do it hook , line and sinker mug , dad stood , feet braced apart , on the front porch - every piece of timber comprising the whole sagging and weather - beaten to all f**k . it was a miracle that anything made of wood could survive here , and yet this place had endured , somehow , for decades - defying wind , rain , tropical storms and the relentless salt water that permeated the whole town with its brackish scent day in and day out .
the windows were all open , and the whole place was suffused with the briny scent of the gulf that lay across the sand , outside the back door .
i plop onto the gray couch and dust scatters into the air along with the scent of mildew .
i suck in air and inhale the scent of his cologne .
the sweet scent of honeysuckle surrounds me like a blanket .
i inhale and i ' m overwhelmed with the scent of spices , the scent of jonah , and it causes me to desire more .
i inhale and i ' m overwhelmed with the scent of spices , the scent of jonah , and it causes me to desire more .
her sweet scent overwhelms my senses , and my mouth waters .
the air from the conditioner has a musty , this - room - is - older - than - me scent .
i pick one up , inhale the sweet scent and wonder , when it comes to it , why i ' m waiting .
i inhale through my nose , and the scent of pine fills my lungs .
each intake of oxygen is full of the scent of wet grass .
her sweet scent surrounds me followed by the butterfly touch of her fingers on my wrist .
the sweet scent catches up and for the first time in months , the impulse for a hit becomes an itch under my skin .
her sweet scent overwhelms me and when echo brushes her tongue across my lips , every single cell sizzles .
i take in noah 's heady scent .
i enter and inhale the rich scent of ground coffee beans .
i love the fluttering light , the scent of the smoke , the way i lose myself while admiring the flames .
i inhale his dark scent , and i have the overwhelming feeling of coming home .
instead of concentrating on relaxing , i focus on the heat of his body against mine , his spicy scent and how the light of the camping lantern strikes the few gold pieces in his dark hair .
it 's funny how , until waking next to him this morning , i never noticed the small scar above his eyebrow , and how there 's this spicy sweetness to his dark scent .
her signature scent that reminds me of walking into a bakery becomes an invisible blanket surrounding me .
the scent of sweet - and - sour chicken drifts in the air and the styrofoam container sits on the table with a plastic fork and bottled water , but noah is missing .
the sweet scent of pot and the bitterness of alcohol waft off her .
in two steps , i fall to my knees by the bed , and her sweet scent hits my nose .
i love his spicy scent .
her soft body holding on to mine , her scent filling each intake of air .
i inhale , and noah 's spicy scent fills my lungs , and it 's intoxicating .
i suck in air and i ' m overwhelmed by the sweet scent of wildflowers .
i inhale and revel in haley 's scent : wildflowers in bloom .
an extremely tempting musky scent enters my lungs when i inhale .
every cell within my body hums and , when i breathe in , all i smell is the sweet scent of wildflowers .
west edges closer and his musky scent envelops me like a welcome blanket .
her hair falls forward , caressing my face , and her intoxicating scent envelops me .
yet i say it as i inhale the sweet scent of the largest rose .
the scent of pizza and pasta smothers me and my hair is horrifically frizzed from waltzing in and out of the steamy kitchen .
the scent of wildflowers fills the air as haley skims her fingers along my biceps .
i suck in air and i ' m immersed in west 's heady scent .
maybe , just maybe , through the rain , he wo n't notice the strong scent of alcohol .
she tasted like rain , like fruit , and had the same sweet scent i 'd always worshipped on her body .
she 'd put the smallest touch of perfume on - the familiar light scent that seemed half fruit , half floral , and which she knew made me wild .
she 'd put the smallest touch of perfume on - the familiar light scent that seemed half fruit , half floral , and which she knew made me wild .
i grin , already anticipating the scent of her clean skin .
none of that stopped my dick from going hard and my nostrils from flaring at her alluring scent .
the coppery and rusty scent of my blood wafted into my nose .
without lifting my head to see her , i know the instant chris stops in the doorway ; i smell her perfume .
it 's her signature scent , sweet and expensive .
a puff of powder rises up to tease my nose with the sweet scent of chocolate .
the floral scents of the different orchids mingled , giving the air a sweet , seductive smell he 'd never noticed before .
as she passed , a light scent wafted up to envelop him .
a glib response rose quickly to hardy 's mind , but as he looked up at miracle - standing so close to him that he could count every eyelash and smell her heavenly scent - he became so consumed with her , it died on his lips .
the wind ruffled her hair and blew her delicious scent across his face .
the room was filled with nothing but plants , hot air and the sweet scent of the orchids .
the air even smelled like her , hardy noticed as he inhaled the scent of lavender .
they 'd heated the greenhouse and accentuated the aroma of the orchids , filling the entire room with their sweet scent .
a heavenly scent drifted from the petals , teasing hardy 's nose .
` ` sure , '' she says kindly , winking one brown eye at me as she breezes by in a cloud of syrupy perfume .
when she opens it , i get a whiff of her delicious scent as it wafts through the cab of my truck .
she comes around to the driver 's side and leans against the door , her unique scent filling up the cabin of my truck .
i like being close to him , breathing in his clean , manly scent , seeing the way the gold flecks in his eyes seem to spray out from his dynamic pupils like lava spewing forth from an active volcano .
her scent draws me in .
i bury my face in the crook of her neck , inhaling the scent that 's so uniquely hers .
it sits slightly to the left of the stage , close enough to smell the dancers ' perfume .
it was a rich , warm scent .
the scent of him , that clean , manly smell , is still there under the hint of his expensive cologne .
i cross the room in the wake of her trail of expensive perfume and pick up the phone to dial karesh .
despite our earlier conversation , reese still insists on showering me with everything from expensive clothes to sparkling jewelry to thousand - dollar - an - ounce perfume .
when the wind blows , i get a hint of her perfume mixed with sunscreen - the scent of innocence .
when the wind blows , i get a hint of her perfume mixed with sunscreen - the scent of innocence .
she slides past me in a swirl of expensive perfume .
not alcohol from the prep , not the plastic from the new needle packages , not any other scents from anywhere in the room .
when she passes , i smell the clean scent of her shampoo , the same kind she always uses , and that unique aroma that 's just sloane .
i inhaled , pul ing the scent deep into my lungs , the perfume so fragrant and so potent i could nearly taste it .
i inhaled , pul ing the scent deep into my lungs , the perfume so fragrant and so potent i could nearly taste it .
the scent was so strong that it stung my nostrils and burned my lungs .
it seemed i was enveloped in bo , surrounded by his flesh , fil ed with his tangy scent , a scent that now seemed to overpower even that of his blood .
it seemed i was enveloped in bo , surrounded by his flesh , fil ed with his tangy scent , a scent that now seemed to overpower even that of his blood .
i could smel the heavenly scent on his breath .
briefly , i wondered about bo 's delicious scent and how it had always seemed so strongly identifiable to me .
with the heavy scent in my nostrils , the sounds of its flight in my ears and the beautiful white tail in my sights , i let go and began to enjoy the delicate dance the deer and i had engaged in .
and i could smel its blood , nothing like the sweet scent of human blood .
i smel ed hints of dad 's cologne and mom 's perfume , but there was another fragrance .
i closed and locked my bedroom door and opened the window so that i could smel the fresh night air rather than the myriad bothersome scents saturating the air of the house .
i 'd gotten dressed and was running a comb through my tangled hair when an amazing scent fil ed my nostrils .
chapter five before any real alarm could set in ( past the initial shock of being grabbed , that is ) , a honeysuckle scent teased my nose and i knew immediately who held me .
i was n't sure at first if it was a noise or the delicious scent of sandalwood and human blood .
the strength of the heavenly scent in the air coupled with my unpreparedness for it made my thirst increase exponential y .
how much you love my hair , how good my perfume smel s , how you wish you had my incredible eyesight . ''
i was immediately hit with the tantalizing scent of her blood .
looking into his gorgeous eyes and being surrounded by the scent that turned my stomach to mush , i was sure i 'd never love another person as much as i loved the man standing in front of me .
even beneath the smoky odor of fire that clung to his hair and clothes , i could smel his clean , citrusy scent and it made my abdominals tighten in response .
i turned toward the sound and was immediately slapped with the scrumptious scent of blood , familiar blood - cade 's blood .
i was so distracted that i did n't smel his tangy scent until he was already standing in the doorway watching me .
i noticed that bo 's scent was stronger than usual and i realized that his blood was warm with happiness , saturating his skin with his unique aroma as it seeped through his pores .
i let the myriad smel s of the barn wash through my sensitive nasal passages and i picked the scents apart one by one .
i smel ed it in the unmistakable scent of triumph in the air .
from where i stood , i could smel the tantalizingly sweet scent of her blood .
from the night he 'd visited me after his ` ` death '' , i 'd awakened at some point every night since with his indescribably soothing tangy scent swirling in the air around me .
my irritation was impossible to maintain , however , when bo 's mouth - watering scent wafted up from the material and teased my nose .
i breathed in large gulps of air , testing every particle for the scent that haunted my every waking moment and most of my sleeping ones .
the wind carried bo 's heady scent to my nose first .
there was no sign of him , but for the lingering scent of him in my hair and the tingle of the skin at my shoulder .
it was a sweet floral scent that i 'd smelled before , and not at a good time .
when i was again staring into the dimmest part of the woods , that rush of wind feathered across my face again , only this time , it carried the scent of earth , as well as a sound .
bo pulled me to him and i inhaled , reveling in the tangy scent that had teased me for what seemed like forever , and probably always would .
even his intoxicating presence , his alluring scent , his arousing heat could n't compete with the heaviness of my heart .
i 'd tried the air freshener called ` ` new car scent '' before , but it smelled more like an old plastic trash bag than this : the real deal .
i reached down to brush a few chestnut strands away from her cheek and her soft , sweet baby scent wafted up to my nose .
the strong scents of italian food smacked me in the face as soon as i stepped into the foyer .
i would die in bo 's strong arms , with his tangy scent in my nostrils and the image of his once - again fully human face burned onto the backs of my eyes .
it jarred me when i finally placed that vaguely familiar floral scent .
i 'd smelled it , the scent of roses , in my bedroom when i 'd been attacked and bitten , as well as at denise 's house when i 'd gone to visit her and caught someone there .
i inhaled , the odor of damp earth replaced by bo 's fresh , tangy scent .
through the window , i could smell him and i wanted to take a deep breath and hold that scent inside .
it was a smell , a teasing scent that had me sitting up to look around .
that tangy , soapy scent that i associated with bo became more pronounced , tickling my nose and bringing to mind an image of his endless dark eyes .
i lay there for the next few minutes , happily drinking in bo 's scent and basking in the glow of this latest revelation .
his scent , his eyes , his voice , even his name hummed through my veins .
it just got a whiff of bo 's tangy scent .
* * * * * * * * once again , i awoke to the scent of bo in my nostrils .
i could smell his scent like a heavenly musk trail through the house .
i sat in the passenger side for a few minutes , thinking of bo , basking in the lingering scent of him .
the cool night air teased my nostrils , carrying the scent of rain .
i lay there , feeling the blood pulse beneath my skin , enjoying the remaining scent of bo in my hair where it was spread across my pillow .
then , as if helping me to make up my mind , bo 's tangy , soapy citrus scent wafted up the steps , creeping out from beneath the door to lure me in .
when i inhaled , my nostrils were filled with his scent and i thought i might never give his shirt back .
i could smell bo 's tangy scent enveloping me .
just as i stopped in front of it , the intoxicating scent of bo assailed me and i felt that bone - deep yearning that so often overcame me when he was near .
i could almost taste the scent it was so heavy in the air .
i was staring blankly at the glass heart paperweight he 'd seemed so fascinated with when bo 's heavenly scent drifted past my nose .
* * * * * * * * i awoke some time later with the sweet comfort of bo 's scent surrounding me .
the tangy scent of citrus filled my nostrils and my thoughts went immediately to bo , as they always did .
i closed my eyes once more , drawing in the scent of bo that still clung to the heavy air , breathing him in .
an agonizingly familiar tangy scent assailed me .
i gave in to the urge to cry - again - the damn breaking as his scent swirled through the air and his presence swirled in my blood .
i step closer to laney , close enough to smell her perfume .
her light scent teases my nose , and i heard her catch her breath when my chest brushes her arm .
and another still , walking until i ' m close enough to smell the scent of his soap , swirling around me like a comforting fog .
for just a second , his clean manly scent overrides the cigarette smoke and stale beer smell of the bar .
her perfume smells nice , but it 's a little strong .
suddenly , reeann 's perfume is suffocating me , her skinny arms are choking me and her sexy - little - kitty noises are just plain annoying me .
until the breeze carries in the faint scent of strawberry .
his clean soapy scent surrounds me and , with his face so near mine , i ca n't help but think of turning my head just enough to kiss that strong jaw .
a lightly sweet , floral scent drifts up to my nose .
i 'd even walked through a sprits of her perfume .
his cologne had died down and it was a nice , subtle scent that i smelled only when he leaned forward in his rowing .
beneath the various aromas carried on the wind , the subtle scent of his skin teased my nose .
i closed my eyes to savor the scent .
not even the smell of smoke hung in the air , only the woodsy scent of damp bracken .
he was so close i could smell his scent over the odor of burnt hair .
wordlessly , he wrapped his arms around me and i snuggled into his bare chest , reveling in the intoxicating scent of him .
his scent assailed me , that dark , woodsy smell .
she leans in closer and i get a whiff of her perfume .
the scent of the lavender bath products has permeated my skin and , after this long of a soak , might very well have invaded my liver .
as light as the lavender scent emanating from my pores , cash reaches up and eases the plush material over the ball of my shoulder , gently pressing his lips to the skin there .
she nods once , an arrogant dip of her head , before she turns and walks slowly from the room , leaving nothing in her wake but expensive perfume , frigid air and relief .
without a word , he brushes past me in his thousand - dollar suit , carrying with him the faint scent of his nearly as expensive cologne .
even above the smoke , i smell his clean , manly scent .
with his scent all around me , his firm length pressed warmly to mine , his breath fanning my skin , his hands tormenting me , something begins to niggle at the back of my mind .
the air is balmy and laced with the scent of salt water .
with every article of clothing i strip from her body , more than ever , i ' m aware of the smell of her perfume , the silk of her skin .
beneath my nose is the scent of nash - man and soap .
my mouth is suddenly dry , and my brain is fogged up with the clean scent of his cologne .
i can feel his hot breath all over me , and the scent is minty mixed with coffee .
the scent of him washes over me , and my earlier pep talk flies out the window .
the smell of her perfume has my head spinning and my cock hardening .
i try to steel myself against the mouthwatering scent of him and the erection i can feel pressed into my stomach .
sliding my hands around his neck , i nuzzle into his throat , inhaling the scent of his aftershave , loving the feel of his stubble against my skin .
his scent is filling my lungs , choking my insides .
his familiar scent .
chapter fifteen last word i awoke in an unfamiliar bed that carried a very familiar scent .
no fresh pine scent here .
he cradled me like a child , and i lay my cheek on his chest , inhaling that intoxicating scent of his .
i held her sweet , unknowing face and leaned in closer , smelling her barely - there perfume as i brought my lips closer .
i let him kiss me , not making any effort to return it , but i still could n't help breathing in his rich , clean scent .
it had the scent of his cologne all over it , and i just wanted to pull the sheet over my head and crawl into his smell .
i breathed him in through my nose , inhaling his rich scent , and started taking off my coat .
sinking into him and his man scent , i took his top lip between my lips , and he took my bottom lip between his .
katherine piped up , panic wafting off of her like perfume .
jax 's tongue found mine , and i groaned into his mouth , inhaling his scent while his powerful body held me .
jax 's scent wafted over me again , and i desperately wanted to close my mouth so i could breathe him in through my nose .
the scent of lemon furniture polish hit me , and my nose started to sting .
i felt her body shake with a shiver , and i threaded my fingers into her hair , nibbling her skin and eating up her scent .
my mother descends the stairs , and i can already smell her perfume .
i inhaled the hot scent of funnel cake , mixed with sickly sweet cotton candy , and clutched the hem of my shorts at my sides as we traipsed through the high grass to the entrance .
go give her a hug and say how nice her perfume smells .
his musk scent made me want to bury my nose in his skin and crush my chest to his .
` ` you know it 's true , jax , '' he taunted as i closed my eyes , inhaling her scent .
when the doors dinged open , the scent of orchids assaulted my senses .
i snaked my arm around her waist and breathed in her familiar scent .
the heat of her breath and the scent of her skin are intoxicating , making me forget why i ' m no good for her .
she 's wearing a loose white button - down blouse and a pair of skin - tight blue jeans , and i rest my hand on her hip , touch her lips with mine , taste her vanilla lip balm , smell soap and lilac something and faint perfume .
she moves closer to me , and my heartbeat ratchets up to a hammering crescendo just from the scent of her shampoo .
the scent hits me hard , because i have a sudden and powerful olfactory memory of that shampoo scent on cheyenne 's hair .
the scent hits me hard , because i have a sudden and powerful olfactory memory of that shampoo scent on cheyenne 's hair .
when her lips touch mine , shivering and trembling , her breath soughing slowly over my tongue , i breathe in her scent and then dive in to steal her oxygen , demand her kiss , demand heat , demand fire .
he was still there , leaning close enough to smell , an achingly familiar scent that was partly the honey soap she knew he was partial to , partly the cigarette he 'd no doubt had on the walk here from the tube , and partly just henri , the individual smell that anyone had , made alluring or off - putting only because of the person who wore it .
she stepped closer again , close enough now for him to smell her , her perfume triggering all kinds of memories of kissing that neck , that too - young neck that made no sense at all for a man like him to be kissing .
she breathed in the mothball smell of his good jacket , and the bovine scent that mingled with hay .
to top it all , he had walked along the upper gallery earlier this morning and found himself in a fine mist , not of aircraft fuel but of perfume .
she still could not make out what was written on the label , but now the scent of what it had contained burst softly on to the air with his every utterance .
it was apparent in the way that she sprayed herself so liberally with scent that maude gonne had sneezed for almost half an hour .
and then she was there , in front of them all , her eyes darting between them , a regulatory air emanating from her like a bad perfume .
it still comes back to me so vividly , almost like a scent ... ' ' a bit like margaret 's , then , ' said jean .
he could smell her perfume , something heavy and cloying , at odds with her youth , the insubstantial nature of her frame .
she could detect the faint scent of carbolic on his skin , the characteristic smell of the fabric of his uniform .
despite the heat she looked cool and brought with her a vague scent of lilies .
a strange conjunction of scents , spices , fuel oil , perfume , rotten meat , expanded in the stilled air so that she was both entranced and repelled by the mere act of breathing .
in other cabins tonight the air was thick with the scent of face cream liberally applied , the walls bright with carefully laundered dresses , sleep disturbed by the prickle of rollers , hairpins and excited dreams .
if she was that way inclined , she could have pointed out the women who went out looking immaculate , hair faultless , nails polished , lightly spritzed with expensive scent , who thought nothing of leaving soiled knickers in full view on the floor , or the teenage boys whose stiff towels she did n't want to pick up without a pair of tongs .
he gave off a faint scent of wilkinson sword soap .
in just three days its immaculate cream interior had acquired new scents and stains , a fine sprinkling of dog hair , jumpers and shoes that now lived on seats or wedged underneath them .
she closed her eyes briefly , breathing in the scent of his skin .
she had little plug - in things that released ' a luxurious scent of rare blossoms and rainforests ' dotted around her skirting , and bowls of pot - pourri that she sprayed from little bottles of scent , and she had about a billion candles in the bathroom ( ' i do love my scented candles ' ) .
she had little plug - in things that released ' a luxurious scent of rare blossoms and rainforests ' dotted around her skirting , and bowls of pot - pourri that she sprayed from little bottles of scent , and she had about a billion candles in the bathroom ( ' i do love my scented candles ' ) .
as it moved closer , she could just make out the faint scent of tobacco .
the scents met her skin with a pleasant familiarity .
she was waiting for him in the hall , her makeup fresh and a light spray of scent over her neck and shoulders .
she had reapplied her lipstick carefully and added just the lightest squirt of scent .
it had seemed such a brief journey the previous evening , speeded by the scent of the wild herbs , the cool breezes of dusk .
he breathed in her scent , something floral , oriental .
as she entered , she was bombarded by the smell of alcohol , stale cigarette smoke , sweat , and perfume .
it was a warm evening , and in the close confines of the lift , anthony was acutely aware of the bodies around him , the smells of perfume , setting lotion , and brylcreem that hung in the sticky air , the faint breeze as the doors closed .
she was less than a foot away , so close that he could detect the spice of her scent and each tiny freckle on her shoulders .
he brought his face to hers , and she closed her eyes , ready , breathing in the male scent of his sweat , feeling the unexpected narrowness of his chest , wanting to be transported .
he got a warm waft of perfume , could feel the moisture on her cheeks transferring to his own .
he held her , breathing in the scent of her hair , feeling the pressure of her body against his , allowing himself to believe it was just the two of them , the music and the softness of her skin .
here the dark was soft and total , the scent of a thousand discarded coats lingering in the air .
he fancied he could smell the musty scent of sex now mingling with the traces of perfume .
she could n't tell him that to have him so close that she could see every line on his hands and breathe the scent of his cologne had paralyzed her .
he felt her cool fingers on his skin and remembered her scent .
she dumps the coffee on the floor outside the bathroom and dives in , wipes the mascara from under her eyes and splashes her face with cold water , then spritzes herself with perfume .
grapes and plums , stacked high in bowls , dusky and fragrant , their scent filling the air .
the plates were disappearing , the scents fading .
it was still warm inside , but the scent of baguettes and croissants had long since disappeared .
she smelt of expensive scent , and her hair was swept up in curls .
to have to roast chickens , to fill our kitchen with the scents of garlic and tomato , with apple tart , felt like a form of torture .
the scent of the chicken , roasted in a garlic and tomato sauce , had thoroughly infused the air .
i walked backwards and forwards with loaded plates , trying not to breathe in the delicious scents , trying not to look at the roasted meat , glistening besides the bright vegetables .
the garlic and tomatoes filled my mouth with long - forgotten pleasure , my nostrils with scents i could have inhaled for ever .
he sniffed the bottled scents , surveyed the brightly coloured hats , commented to those serving or even just passing .
its scents and sights were intoxicating , its ever - changing stock bringing new and beautiful things from the four corners of the world : italian shoes , english tweeds , scottish cashmeres , chinese silks , fashions from america and london .
he gave off a slightly unwashed scent .
he carried the scents of tobacco , aniseed , and something male that left me a little short of breath .
the dining room was still infused with the scents of the previous evening : wood from the grate and a faint hint of sausage - meat that caused my stomach to rumble .
i need no photograph to conjure you before me , sophie : i need only to close my eyes to recall your face , your voice , your scent , and you can not know how much you comfort me .
there were the familiar smells of christmas - helene had studded one of the oranges with cloves and hung it over the stove so that the scent infused the whole room .
and just for a few minutes i closed my eyes and was a girl , alive , free from hunger and cold , dancing on the night before christmas , my head a little giddy from good cognac , breathing in the scent of spices and delicious food .
she has forgotten what it 's like to wake up thinking about someone , to want to be physically close to them , to feel a little giddy at the remembered scent of their skin .
they spend the night in a budget hotel in a paris suburb , where the bathroom is moulded from one piece of yellow plastic and the shampoo is the exact colour and scent of washing - up liquid .
liv breathes in the scents of food cooking , beeswax , perfumed roses in vases , and gazes at the walls .
the racks are bulging with purchases , the air thick with the scents of seasonal food - ripe cheeses , wine , expensive chocolate .
i held him , my eyes squeezed shut , and i breathed him in , absorbing the scent of him , as if i could make that trace of him last for his entire absence .
the exquisite icy chill of his feet ; the warm , yeasty scent of his skin .
paul 's skin - she could just lie there and inhale it , like really good scent .
he pulls open the door , and in a cloud of expensive perfume , miss harcourt is gone , shouting something unintelligible as she reaches the stairs .
hannah 's room was next door in , and in the small hours still , more frequently than either of us cared to admit , she would pad along the corridor and crawl into my bed as she had when she was small , so that i could wrap myself round her , grateful for her presence and the sweet scent of her warm skin .
her perfume was potent .
i remembered the scent of her , the feel of her , the familiar way her curves felt under my fingertips .
i felt her resting against me , smelt the honey scent of her hair and woke screaming when i realised the truth of where she lay .
i thought of vanessa 's smile , her perfume and high - heeled shoes , our smart apartment , my sports car , the trappings of our former life , and knew , with a sick feeling , that it meant nothing .
i would imagine burying my face in the one t - shirt that might still carry her scent .
i stood for a moment before i dialled , breathing in the undisturbed scents that had been there for half a century , and would now remain , if lucky , for half a century more .
i thought , as i dropped my bread and slid my leg across him , breathing in his scent , taking possession of him yet again .
i breathed in the scent of my husband , felt the rise and fall of his chest , and finally tiredness began to overtake me .
he inhales the scent from the back of her hair , and briefly loses his train of thought as she wraps her arms around his neck , pulling him down towards the bed .
i reached around him , the scent of him filling my nostrils , his skin warm against mine .
a warm sweetness rose from his skin , the scent of the shaving cream , and something that was peculiar to will himself , discreet and expensive .
it took me a few seconds to bite through it , and i closed my eyes , trying to ignore the scent of clean male , the feel of his skin against mine , the incongruity of what i was doing .
this would have been unusual in itself ( the last few weeks he seemed to have retreated to the sofa in the daytime , supposedly to keep granddad company ) , but he was wearing an ironed shirt , had shaved , and the hallway was filled with the scent of old spice .
the air was thick with the scent of flowers , to the point where i found it almost stifling .
the night was warm , carrying on its breezes the scents of distant barbecues , of warm oils on skin , of the faint salt tang of the sea .
i kissed him , breathing in the scent of his skin , feeling his soft hair under my fingertips , and when he kissed me back all of this vanished and it was just will and me , on an island in the middle of nowhere , under a thousand twinkling stars .
i closed my eyes , breathing in the scent of him , still the same expensive cedar - wood smell , despite the bland freshness of the room , the slightly disturbing scent of disinfectant underneath .
i closed my eyes , breathing in the scent of him , still the same expensive cedar - wood smell , despite the bland freshness of the room , the slightly disturbing scent of disinfectant underneath .
i knew it in a way i had never known patrick 's - its strengths and vulnerabilities , its scars and scents .
the air , still and muggy , held the scents of coffee and patisserie and the acrid tang of someone 's cigarettes .
and if you look down the road to your left you will hopefully see l'artisan parfumeur where , after you read this , you should go and try the scent called something like papillons extreme ( ca n't quite remember ) .
he 's not sitting across from me the way i usually meet with my students ; he 's right next to me and i can feel his warmth , smell his intoxicating scent .
watching me and teasing me , the scent of his cologne and soap and shampoo and whatever else he uses tickling my senses .
that spicy , autumnal scent that 's driving me crazier the deeper i breathe him in .
i can smell him , autumn and sweat and the slightly stale scent of working in a restaurant for hours on end .
but hell , sitting here , breathing in her scent , seeing her pretty face tell me everything she 's feeling and thinking , i know i have to do this .
we talk as we devour our food , my appetite back in full force once i caught a whiff of the delicious , mouth - watering scent wafting up from my bowl .
she turns her body toward mine , her scent wafting in the air , making me inhale as discreetly as possible .
i tighten my arm around her waist and hold her close , burying my face in her hair so i can breathe in her scent , absorb her heat .
my bones and muscles melt under the heat and pressure of the water , and the soothing scent of the shampoo and body wash that i found on the bathroom counter relaxes me .
the subtle , lemony scent is delicious , and a little smile curves my lips .
i notice that it 's still warm and steamy from chelsea 's shower and the faint scent of lemon lingers in the air .
i can smell her , though , lemony sweet , unique and musky , the scent of sex and woman and chelsea .
slowly i withdraw my fingers from her body , leaning in and giving her a kiss before i bring my fingers to my lips and smell her lingering scent .
i recognize the familiar hint of autumn and pine scent , but i go along with it .
i pick it up , careful to avoid the thorns , and bring it to my nose , inhaling the rich scent .
closing my eyes , i hear him chuckle , feel him move over me , his spicy fall - like scent washing over me as i inhale deep .
her hair is spread out all over my pillow ; her scent is embedded in my skin .
i can smell it , that strong , skunk - like scent that i love .
i can smell him - apples and the outdoors and pine , the scent of fall , of owen .
the scent of fresh - cut grass and sunshine clings to him , as well as the familiar scent of his soap and sweat .
the scent of fresh - cut grass and sunshine clings to him , as well as the familiar scent of his soap and sweat .
i want to stare at it , get lost in all the colors and textures and scents and sounds , but i ca n't .
a smile teases the corners of her lips and she comes to me , the scent of her filling my head , driving me wild .
i feel her tremble beneath my lips and i briefly close my eyes , inhale the musky , sweet scent of her .
i hook my arm through his and snuggle close , breathing deep his warm , spicy scent .
the bitter scent reaches my nostrils , making me wrinkle my nose , and i rest a hand over my stomach , hoping like crazy i do n't puke right here in the middle of this tiny coffee shop .
every little scent , every smell , especially either perfume or food , and i want to hurl .
i smell him before i see him , his deliciously spicy masculine scent preceding him as he walks back into our bedroom .
her scent fills my head , like an exotic bloom that permeates the air , fragrant and heavy .
where everyone knows each other and the air is crisp and clear , filled with the scent of pine .
i close my eyes and rest my cheek on top of her head , breathing in her scent , absorbing her sweetness .
her scent fills the interior , sweet and sultry and so uniquely jen , my entire body reacts the moment she 's inside .
i nuzzle her nose with my own , breathing in her scent , her very essence .
he 's standing behind me - i can smell his intoxicating woodsy clean scent , feel the heat of his body penetrating mine as he steps even closer .
the smell of her skin , her uniquely sweet fragrance mixed with the distinctive scent of sunscreen .
as i inhale deeply , the scent of rich , fragrant coffee slowly wakes up my murky brain .
` ` thank you , '' i say gratefully , taking the cup between both hands and bringing it to my lips , breathing in the rich , delicious scent before i take a sip .
i press my face against his throat , breathing in his clean , familiar scent , and i slip my arms around his neck , eager to get closer to him .
i love the feel of her skin against my lips , the scent of her , the slightly tangy taste .
i breathe deep her scent , holding it , wishing i could keep it with me at all times .
the scent of sweat and fear hits my nostrils and i grimace beneath his soft , damp palm .
her scent of jasmine and vanilla mingled on the sheets while her strawberry shampoo filled the pillow next to me .
the sweet scent of newborn innocence filled my nose as i held lucy .
his deep musky scent filled my nose while the heat radiating off his tux - clad body almost singed the skin exposed by my strapless couture .
with her scent and softness overwhelming me , my mind railed at me to pull away .
when she got to the top , a cloud of her sweet perfume filled my nose .
he hugged me tight , and i buried my head on his shoulder , inhaling his special scent .
` ` that happens to be one of my favorite scents . ''
i inhaled her soft skin and smelled some tiny remnants of her perfume mixed with the more manly body wash i 'd used on her last night in the shower .
i nestled my head into the crook of her neck , inhaling the sweet scent of her damp hair .
closing my eyes , i took in the delicious scent of both her shampoo and her perfume .
closing my eyes , i took in the delicious scent of both her shampoo and her perfume .
` ` it is n't the same thing as holding her in my arms , cuddling her close to my heart , and smelling her sweet , little baby scent . ''
as he moves by me , i momentarily shut my eyes and allow myself to breathe in his lingering scent .
did i seriously just close my eyes to breathe in his scent ?
i smile , inhale his natural scent , and exhale .
with his scent lingering , i breathe in the comfort and drift back into a peaceful sleep .
i ' m sitting by the edge of the dock , admiring the sunset , the crisp scent of the lake , and the light warm breeze crashing against the tall tree branches , when i hear footsteps from behind .
i ' ve missed that scent .
bleu opens the bathroom door and the scent of her shower gel invades the bedroom .
i ' ve never known human blood to lack scent .
her scent suddenly engulfs me as she comes up on her tiptoes so her mouth may connect with mine .
she opens her legs to give me full access and i ' m taken over by the scent as i kiss her higher on the inside of her opposite leg .
i lower myself and return to kissing avery 's neck when her sweet intoxicating scent floods my senses .
i ' m right there hovering above what seems to be the source of her intoxicating scent .
another wave of her scent floods me and all self - control is lost as i put my mouth over the pulsation of her jugular .
i smell his scent in her hair .
i admit the sweet plum and orchid scent is more preferable to the former one .
her agape scent is overpowering my control and i climb her body .
i leaned over to sniff the fruity scent of her hair .
my body responded instantly to that scent , heart fluttering like a giddy idiot , my palms beginning to sweat .
i could smell the scent of her arousal , and my mouth watered to taste her .
not fast enough , though , because i was still hit with the masculine scent of his musky , sweat - dampened skin .
but i knew once i felt his firm body and inhaled his delicious scent , i 'd want more .
i felt him inhale the scent of my neck and a shiver raced down my spine , igniting all my senses .
the scent of leather and citrus furniture polish was in the air as i made my way toward the entrance of the bar .
a large , bushy evergreen adorned with twinkling lights and red - and - gold ribbon stood in the corner and filled the room with the lovely scent of crisp pine needles .
his sincerity , his masculine scent , the pain reflected in his eyes was too much .
tipping his head low to whisper near my ear , his warm scent greeted me .
i stuffed my uneaten dinner in the fridge , grabbed my purse and keys , then scurried off for ben and emmy 's , back in manhattan , double - checking that i still had their key on my key ring as i fled down the stairs , the appetizing scent of my enchiladas fading in the distance .
i worried about my appearance , my scent , if my apartment was clean , if i 'd shaved .
his scent lingered .
i stopped on that page and stared at it for far too long , even lifting up the flap of paper to smell the intoxicating scent .
it was n't the cologne he wore , but the scent was still delicious .
i lay there soaking in the warm water , letting the spicy masculine scent drift over my senses and lull me into a state of deep relaxation , with thoughts of braydon swirling in my brain .
his clean , masculine scent , the way my head nestled so perfectly under his chin with our exaggerated differences in height ... it was all too perfect .
i pulled the pillow to my face and inhaled deeply , letting his scent envelop me .
he gave me a warm hug , pressing his body to mine , and i almost collapsed at his intoxicating scent and firm body , which was rigid in all the right places .
after he paid the driver , he helped me from the car and led me inside a dimly lit italian restaurant with exposed brick walls , flickering candles , and the scent of garlic in the air .
the scent that enveloped me was every bit braydon .
i laid my head on his shoulder and inhaled the unique scent that was just bray .
his rugged beauty , masculine scent , those dark haunted eyes that spoke of his troubled past - all of it called to me .
i felt someone approach me from behind , but before my body had the chance to tense , i smelled his unique scent of warm leather and sandalwood and knew it was knox .
her sweet scent , her gentle nature , and her quiet strength to make the world a better place were like a drug to me .
i did n't respond , my lips moving to her neck to taste her and breathe in her sweet scent .
her scent was maddening - purely feminine and entirely too tempting .
` ` i ' m fine , '' i whispered , breathing in the masculine scent of his chest .
she needed to understand that i loved the feminine scent of her arousal .
i could feel his warmth all around me and his scent sending me into my happy place .
the scent of warm leather and knox 's unique masculine scent of sandalwood washed over me and calmed me in an instant .
the scent of warm leather and knox 's unique masculine scent of sandalwood washed over me and calmed me in an instant .
the way they rose and fell dramatically with her breaths , the moans that would escape her when i flicked my tongue across their peaks ... she made me rock hard from her taste and scent alone , and then add in the sounds she made and i was done .
i pressed my face into her neck , needing to breath in her scent , needing to know it was just her and me .
i inhaled deeply , breathing in the scent of boys .
i could n't wait to see his deep soulful eyes , to kiss his scruffy jaw , inhale his masculine scent .
curling onto my side , i snuggled in closer , breathing in that delicious scent , and drifted off to sleep .
there was no denying our house felt like more of a home because of her - her light , feminine scent that hung in the air long after she was gone , the sense of calm she instilled in me and the boys , the home - cooked meals she occasionally spoiled us with .
with him this close i could smell the warm , musky scent of his skin .
leaning forward , i pressed my lips to the warm skin over his solid abdominal muscles , inhaling the scent of him .
i curled into the pillow that held knox 's unique scent , inhaling deeply .
when knox picked me up later that afternoon , i slid into the warmth of his jeep , inhaling his masculine scent and instantly feeling happy and secure .
i nestled closer into his side , inhaling his intoxicating scent .
i nuzzled against his neck , stroking my nose against his rough skin and inhaling his scent .
i held her securely , breathing in the scent of her shampoo as a million thoughts swirled through my brain .
i buried my nose in the crook between his neck and his shoulder and inhaled the scent i 'd missed so much .
my nose catches a scent and i ' m surprised .
he takes a deep inhale and i know that he 's taking in my scent .
her face softens and her cheeks go slack as her nose delivers the scent to her brain .
he half pretends he 's kidding , but i know he 's probably really happy with himself that i 'll be spending the afternoon with william while wearing his scent .
an hour later i ' m on my way back to the office , with nico 's scent on my clothes and inside of me .
now i ' m going to sit next to him in an all afternoon deposition with nico 's scent on me and my underwear still damp from our mid day romp .
too in awe of the persona that was my father to see things right in front of my eyes , i justified everything i 'd seen over the last decade - him not coming home , interns a little too friendly , even the smell of perfume on his suit as he 'd quietly slip in through the back door in the morning , still wearing last night 's clothes .
catching her scent , my head lingers a bit longer than it should to kiss a friend hello .
pinning her body between mine and the wall , i wrap her legs around my waist and bury my face into her neck , breathing deeply to take in her scent .
he smelled of sweat and body wash , and a unique scent that she assumed was just him .
he brushed her hair away and kissed her neck , inhaling her scent .
she steadied herself in his arms , deeply inhaling his scent , her eyes heavy .
she embraced him , taking in his scent .
he placed a gentle kiss on her head , savoring the vanilla scent of her hair .
he felt it and nuzzled back into her neck , inhaling her delicious scent .
he let out a laugh as he nuzzled against her , inhaling her scent .
` ` good , '' he said , kissing the top of her head softly , inhaling the vanilla scent of her hair .
olivia closed her eyes , savoring the feeling of cam 's lips on her skin as she inhaled his delicious scent .
she could still feel his hands on her , she could still smell his scent covering her body , and she could still feel the overwhelming sensation of pure ecstasy from him being inside her .
` ` please ... '' she whimpered , her head buried in his chest as she inhaled his scent , still avoiding his eyes .
lowering himself back down on the bed , he hovered over her body and planted soft kisses on her neck , savoring the sweet smell of her vanilla body wash and a scent that could only be categorized as olivia 's natural essence .
he leaned down , kissing her neck , inhaling her scent .
please , '' she said , her voice soft as she nuzzled against his neck , inhaling his scent .
sea green accents adorned the walls , candles everywhere in fresh scents of cotton and jasmine .
if i smell your perfume , or whatever it is that you wear that makes you smell so amazing , i ca n't walk straight . ''
her sweet scent filled my nose , and my body grew tense for another reason all together .
his scent invaded my every sense , and i begged god to give me just a few more minutes of this paradise .
scattered rose petals across the top , and their sweet scent invaded my nose as he lowered me to the mattress .
wrapping my arms around her small waist , i held her tight for a moment and breathed in the sweet scent of her shampoo and the lotion she always seemed to be putting on .
the scent of her shampoo and lotion calmed me ever so slightly .
a smile teased my lips as i inhaled deeply , savoring the scent .
just like i remembered , the subtle scents of her shampoo and lotion .
holding her like this was pure heaven , but the scent of her was driving me crazy .
if anything it smelled sexy as hell to me , with the scent of his body wash and deodorant still clinging to the fabric .
and while linc smelled deliciously male , it was n't the scent that i wanted filling my nose .
this close , i could smell her perfume .
of course i got a hint of the perfume she was wearing and nearly groaned as it had an effect on my dick .
i whispered , wondering what scent it was that she wore that drove me out of my mind .
such naughty things that involved my beautiful girl , like spreading her wide and eating her pussy , or fingering her until she squirted and soaked the backseat with her intoxicating scent .
that all too familiar scent of sweat and hard liquor hit me as soon as i turned the knob and cracked the door open an inch or so .
i inhaled the scent of her shampoo and was intoxicated by that delicate scent that reminded me of harper .
i inhaled the scent of her shampoo and was intoxicated by that delicate scent that reminded me of harper .
as he reached me , i caught the scent of the lubricant .
the scent of roses filled my nose as i took a few steps into the room .
the scent of lavender and vanilla filled the air as she poured some of the oil into her hands .
the scent set me at ease since those were the scents that i normally associated with emmie .
the scent set me at ease since those were the scents that i normally associated with emmie .
the room began to fill with the scent of the oils , and i found that i was becoming addicted to the smell of lavender mixed with sweet vanilla .
breathing deep , i took in the scent of her shampoo - lavender and vanilla .
tenderly , i brushed a kiss over her forehead , breathing in her sweet scent .
the next morning i had woken with the scent of sex in the air but had thought that i had just gotten myself off in the middle of the night .
if i smell your perfume , or whatever the hell it is you wear that makes you smell so damn amazing , i ca n't walk straight . ''
i kissed her forehead , inhaling the intoxicating scent of her shampoo .
the soft fragrance of lavender and vanilla filled the room , and i sucked in a deep breath , greedy for the scent that was so emmie .
i dived into her pussy , inhaling that sweet , aroused scent that made me hard all over again .
between the scent of angel 's freshly washed hair , the feel of her soft body , and the way our daughter kept kicking me in the side , i was distracted on a whole new level than normal .
i wrapped my arms around her small waist , breathing in the soothing scent of her subtle perfume .
i wrapped my arms around her small waist , breathing in the soothing scent of her subtle perfume .
their perfume had been smothering , while their makeup was so thick it was on a whole new level of unattractive .
inhaling her sweet , clean scent and my heart rate increased even more .
i heard a few sniffs , breathing in the delicious scent of spaghetti and garlic bread .
the smell hit me first - that all - too - familiar scent of whisky that was like a terrifying ghost from the past .
his scent invaded my nose before his hands even reached out to steady me .
the need to be close to her , to breathe in her scent , to hear the sound of her voice and the adorable way she constantly dropped her g 's outweighed this constant itching inside to get away from here .
when we stepped inside it was warm and cozy , the all - too - familiar scent of horses filled my nose and i could n't help but smile .
with my eyes closed , the scent and sound of horses moving around took me back to a time when i had been happy and innocent .
the scent alone was comforting and i relaxed a little as i walked through the quiet house .
my body caught fire as her perfume filled my nose .
i leaned into him for a moment , savoring his clean male scent filling my nose , the feel of his bare chest against my towel - clad one , his arms just holding me .
with the finest ass in the world pressed against my crotch , and the scent of her shampoo filling my nose , i fell asleep with a smile on my lips .
i skimmed my nose down her neck , inhaling the subtle yet intoxicating scent of her body wash . ` ` did you enjoy your breakfast in bed ? ''
the scent of coffee was getting stronger and my own addiction was calling my name .
i did n't want to see his handsome face , or smell his spicy scent .
the scent of warm vanilla and honey filled the room as the huge bathtub filled with bubbles came into view .
my heart sped up at his nearness and the scent of his body wash as i inhaled sharply made my panties wet in an instant .
i did n't want to release her , not when she was in my arms and each inhale i took was filled with her special scent .
my eyes closed , taking a deep breath , inhaling the scent of him that i loved so much .
the feel of her hair , lathered with the sweet scent of her shampoo that invaded my senses , sent my body from hard and throbbing to pulsating with a need that was making standing a miracle .
it was kind of soothing to have a scent that i associated with marissa clinging to my skin .
when i crouched in front of her to dry her legs , the scent of her arousal nearly dropped me to my knees in my need to spread her folds and tongue her until she was dripping her release down my throat .
i inhaled deeply as i walked down the row of buses , enjoying one of my favorite scents .
the scent of her hair invaded my senses and i let it calm me as i tried to find the words i 'd silently been rehearsing for days now .
i was on my second glass of champagne and my third refusal to dance when it hit me : that subtle scent of acqua di gio .
in a room where expensive perfume was polluting the air , that fresh , clean , manly scent was able to reach me and teased my senses .
in a room where expensive perfume was polluting the air , that fresh , clean , manly scent was able to reach me and teased my senses .
the scent of his cologne only heightened my overwhelming need to kiss him .
shoes agreed , drawing in her last breaths with that beautiful scent .
max guessed monique could tell a stranger was in the small hospice room by the womans scentperhaps a different shampoo or perfume .
she can detect something in the air faint some kind of chemical scent .
something was not right ; the scent of garden flowers was growing sickly sweet , overwhelming , the breezes that came through the mirror became dry and parched and the sound of night time birds took on an ominous , dead quality .
i descended into warmth and luxury and the scent of decadence .
incense burns in large copper bowls , expensive off - world scents that stimulate the senses and quicken the heart .
i always chose the same table cloth , for it was slightly yellow , and matched the hue , if not texture and scent , of the old and weathered books .
her own smellgoods mixed with the pleasing scent of dawnlily from her white garland .
dayn rounded a corner and perfumes assaulted his nose , flowers and oils blended just to make a man lose his wits .
even from najima 's height , floating over the streets , she could smell the town 's rich scent .
it smelled like strawberries , mixed with something pungent and native , deep in scent like cardamom .
i imagined i could smell the decades of congealed grease belched out from rusting ceiling vents , and the useless perfume of sporadic cactus flowers ; a fragrant fuck you too delicate to mask the trailer park reek , but too insidious to miss .
i enjoyed scents and sounds i had nt experienced in decades and it was amazingbut something was nt right .
the scent of real food was instantly comforting , and even if takeshi and andy had nt succeeded in replicating the mouthwatering meal we d experienced down at the cowboy saloon , any approximation would be better than what we d been living on recently .
i thought again of our wedding day , how the breeze from the canyons below had brought up the sweet scent of wildflowers .
the ` ` whoosh '' of the door opening pulled her perfume into the hallway .
it carried the scent of rain , promising that tomorrow would be a day filled with heavy showers .
druzeel took a deep breath enjoying the cool air and the scent of flowers that decorated the tower grounds .
close , so close nowhis familiar scent like steel mixed with leather .
she heard him sob into her crusted hair , smelled the familiar leather - and - steel of the turian she loved mixed with the tinny , cloying scent of warm lifeblood .
named for the inca goddess of dawn and twilight , chascas terminator atmosphere was wet , and carried scents of vegetation and pollen easily .
the thought of working an all - nighter with her was somewhat appealing to him ; the scent of her exotic perfume sealed his hearty commitment .
the thought of working an all - nighter with her was somewhat appealing to him ; the scent of her exotic perfume sealed his hearty commitment .
the blossomy scent of her sweet perfume was uplifting and made him even more relaxed .
the blossomy scent of her sweet perfume was uplifting and made him even more relaxed .
tom listened , but it was like he followed her lips but could nt hear her tongue ; the scent of her baited skin and her tasteful mouth caused his mind to wander beneath her clothes .
tom tailed mcbridles sweet flowery scent and entered the front doors of the complex .
there was a foul scent of decaying wood and manure in the air that seemed to come from the barn .
chapter 20 : i m watching you outside voyids immodest gothic estate , there was a weak breeze that carried a scent of southern drift smoke .
after toweling herself off she applied a touch of perfume .
he was in the zone when he smelled the perfume and sensed he was nt alone .
mike pulled over and felt perplexed and annoyed as he dug through the pockets of betas old oversized leather jacket ( which still emanated a faint whiff of her perfume ) and fumbled for his wallet .
i smelled the lemon and herb scent of her shampoo .
i breathed in the earthy scent of a healthy young woman on a hot july afternoon .
i saw colors and images from her life , could smell the perfume that was her essence , and feel her soft lips against mine .
maxims office was spacious and finely furnished a dark burgundy ; and though she could have sworn she had told her aide to have the room cleaned thoroughly , she could still smell the conspicuous scent of tobacco .
her scents meant it burned to breathe .
anna opened the leather binding and smelt the natural scent of the aging pages , and then closed her eyes , breathed out slowly , and flicked tenderly through .
i breathe in its citrus scent and stare at the brownish liquid .
the scent of the broth filled the air and made her mouth water .
she reeks of a floral perfume .
the smell of the room was enough to bring kozz to tears its sweet clean scent masking the layers of dirt and adventure caleb had brought into his home over the years .
he entered the room in a cloud of caramel perfume , ribbons and powdered wig gleaming .
personally , she said , i consider any festive occasion a dismal failure unless at least three of the party have been revealed as secret lovers , three more accused of being golden priests , government agents or lady heinlein in diguise , and a further three criticised for wearing unfashionable perfume .
as you should well be aware , pip , the fashion for gentlemens scents this season is towards the caramel , almond , vanilla kimchee blossom is nt even chic for grannies and kitchen maids .
the scent of her was like roses and the sea and fresh bread and all manner of lovely , heady things .
at first i breathed in deeply , enjoying the grass and flowers , but then i picked up the scent of something else .
most shampoos came in floral scents , so did body cleansers .
i walked in and was assaulted with the scents of lavender and peaches .
as he neared the village the scent of freshly cooked meat wafted over him .
it was a warm day , a breeze bringing cooler air and interesting scents .
she had on a lot of makeup and perfume .
the air is fragrant with the scent of jasmine and summer herbs .
it 's tropical ; the air is heavy with humidity and the scent of frangipani .
the sisters and the engineering team accepted the upgrade without enthusiasm or objections , but pawing at the trays became the favorite preoccupation of the cats , whose fur became infused in the chamomile and lavender essential oil and started carrying the scent around like a mobile perfumery lab .
she loved working with herbs , it reminded her of her childhood , the scents , the colors , the peaceful surroundings and the ever present cats .
they started back towards the camp with backpacks full of edible samples and giving out the most divine vanilla scent to the confusion and disappointment of several butterflies and a couple of humming birds .
she was wearing her old - fashioned eyeglasses , a pearl necklace , and a light , dignified perfume .
he liked the pressure of her fingers on his arm , he liked her nearness and the sensory input of her perfume so much bolder than the delicate fragrance that dr . horvath had worn .
chemical pine scent now disguised the odor of mildew .
he tried to keep the painful memories at bay by concentrating on stars presence and on her wonderful scent .
her perfume graced the night air as they approached the front entrance to her small , three - story apartment building .
and star was standing close by , just barely touching him , her perfume scenting the air .
the scent of fresh paint hung in the air like an incense .
the scent of fine leather caressed his olfactory sensor and his pressure indicators registered thick , luxurious cushions surrounding his body .
winstons pressure indicators registered the soft contact of her breasts , her perfume graced the air .
the air was fresh now and bore the wonderful scent of evergreen .
he was sitting at the table in squalls kitchen , and the scent of baking bread was filling the house .
this brought to her mind a rich bouquet of imagined smells not the crisp , oxygen - thin air of the mountains , but of cigars , mowed grass , old womens perfume , little girls flavored chap sticks .
joey detected lysol in the air , and a heavy , cheap - smelling floral perfume .
he offered her the beautiful white flower with the intoxicating scent .
but the living had a fragrance that attracted the zombies , because the living had the perfumes of life that a hungry zombie craving sweet human blood and flesh could smell nearly a mile away , then come hunting for them .
he leaned down and sniffed their canine hair which had a familiar scent to it .
that s what the scent of the bed reminded me of .
she could smell zayns scent .
walking into the tree line and hearing him follow behind her ; she paused to smell the different scents in the air from the array of animals around .
his scent reminded her of the forest after a downpour , light and crisp , her favorite smell .
he moved up the bed to her , inhaling her scent .
he leaned into her embrace , his forehead lying against her neck , smelling her hair , her scent , and letting it comfort him .
she could smell the jet fuel in the air ; the scent always excited her for some reason .
nikole sat up on the couch and reached for the rose , pulling it to her nose , inhaling the sweet scent .
i do nt know what to say she caught a whiff of the roses scent .
as we walked through the garden the aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work , up the walls and across the space between , where rope cords had been strung to encourage their growth .
the city had no rain and no trees , not even any soil below my feet , so the natural scents of the world were non - existent here .
there was also a heavy haze in the room , and to adam the smoke smelled vaguely familiar , yet combined with alien sweat and breath the pleasant scent was easily lost in the mix .
he could smell it , the sweet scent , wafting to his hungry nose , from within the drop - ship 's cracked and fire - blackened hull .
inside it smelled of incense and perfume , a large copper brazier was burning in the middle of the room .
the hot wind blowing from the north , only added to their excitement , the air was heavily perfumed with sweat and the overpowering scent of lust .
at the base of the idol was an iron bowl , a small fire burned there , she placed a handful of sweet smelling incense into the flames , its perfume swirled into the air .
her scent filling his senses .
keep her close to him , feel her breathing , feel her heartbeat , smell the scent of her skin and hair .
in her minds eye the candle was flickering brightly in the darkness and filling the temple with the sweet perfume of ricks no , adams presence .
especially if she wears something nice and puts on that perfume of hers .
clares perfume wafted into the cathedral of pauls mind .
it reminded donna of the perfume dawn wore when she made love to rick , and she realised that this must be an olfactory signal used by human females to indicate their readiness to mate .
you re like a warm spring breeze blowing through my soul , dispelling the cobwebs and filling me with the scent of your body i m sorry , i should nt have said that .
she had made herself up with lipstick and eyeshadow , dabbed on her most expensive perfume , and put on her most glamorous dress .
he would wake up feeling the heat of her body , inhaling the musky scent of her skin , lost in the smile on her lips .
the roses were in bloom and their scent was rich and almost overpowering .
the smell of her perfume was intoxicating .
its a sad perfume , so i try to ignore it for a few seconds more .
almost as if to taunt me , and remind me that i ca nt escape , slipping from behind me again , that sad beautiful perfume .
i know i will smell her ethereal perfume again before i lose myself completely .
his mood was soon buoyed by the scent of breakfast wafting in from outside his door .
listening to the familiar bustle as they walked the halls had only made the feeling stronger , but lying in her bed and smelling the familiar scents now made it impossible to ignore .
he realized that he could smell her faint scent upon the air , even hear the hushed clicking of her heeled shoes on the floor .
he could even smell a faint scent of something like ammonia , and instantly he understood .
eventually an obscure musky scent drifted to him that he slowly recognized from their last encounter .
her stomach growled at the sweet , tart scent .
he breathed in the aromatic musky scent of her body , letting himself learn the little sensations and feelings which would cement his love for her in the desperate months and years that he did not yet know were to come .
she had a faint , yet heady body perfume .
the walls were white and there was a sweet scent about the air that accompanied the disembodied communications between the fort 's occupants .
she reveled in his scent as she always had growing up .
waters swung her door wide and pulled him into a tight hug , which he returned as he breathed in the scent of her hair .
she also smelled lightly of a flowery perfume .
he leaned in and breathed in the scent of her shoulder - length hair .
he still saw kizzy doing cartwheels in the sun and he could still smell the scent of her hair .
the spicy scent of gucci pour homme cologne enveloped her nostrils .
she must have sprayed that scent on thousands of male customers last summer at her part - time job during the shangri - la plazas back to school promotion .
she could smell his scent in her nostrils .
the scent of fresh spring air clings to her .
a dry , metallic scent fills my nose .
with the fresh , sweet scent of blooming things drifting from peoples yards , i jog down the block , enjoying my workout .
as they slipped from sector to sector , the advertisements on the overhead boards changed , investment properties gave way to luxury scent and jewellery , to overseas air travel , to freight providers .
snuffling the air for a familiar scent she sloped into the light , the wall of mist closing around her .
the scent , so unusual , so appealing before she could bring it to her nose , something grasped her wrist .
she dropped down and scrubbed her ankles and shoes with dry leaves to get rid of pollen , causing a cloud of pine scent to rise around her .
yeah , you re right , david said , and the scent of cooking meat and baking bread makes my mouth water .
kyla shook her head and realized no way could the girl know that in her world these scents and sounds did nt exist .
the scent of freshly bloomed flowers filled keryns senses and the days tension slowly faded .
as they found their seats , yen and adam were assaulted by floral scents that barely covered the deeper musk of burning incense .
she stood so close he could feel the warmth of her body , smell the subtle fragrance of perfume that drifted from her neck , drawing him silently toward her .
an odd aroma wafted from the box , confronting his nostrils with its unusual scent .
i could even smell the musky perfume she always wore .
it may have been my imagination , but the valley smelled like the interior of a winery redolent with the scent of juice aging in a large oak cask .
she closed her eyes for a moment and smelled the delicious scent that comes after a brief rain shower .
he stopped and soaked in the pleasant scent and looked up to the bright red - orange colored sky that ackturras unique curve and planetary orbit is best known for .
he sat for a moment and closed his eyes , soaking in the scent , not seeing the woman that approached from the distance .
the ceiling was open to the sky , and he could smell the scent of flowers in the air .
within a scarce few breaths he had already began unrolling cloth packages that smelled sweetly with the familiar scent of well - maintained machined metal .
accompanying it was the familiar fresh scent of gun oil that lingered in the air .
he pounced atop her so she was awash in his scent .
he brushed her hair aside and pressed his face against the side of her neck , inhaling her scent , which raised shivers all along her skin .
the scent of mr . stephens blood was as strong as vinegar to edwin , only sweeter .
she was marked ; he could smell foxley on her , a cool , pungent scent , like rain and reptile .
sye hung by the door , doing his best not to make a face at the overwhelming flowery perfume .
the meadowgrass was lush and flowered , its scent heady in the heat .
she read the winds and learned to properly smell scents that gave her forewarning of changes in the weather .
here , he could laze back in long grass where flowers , whose scents were unfamiliar , dotted the ground all about him , and insects , such as he 'd never seen , hovered overhead .
there were perfumes that breathed peace into his spirit too , and a kind of sub - conscious awareness of music humming inside his head .
her perfume is intoxicating , as she walks on through .
the scent of the wind burned his nostrils , making him wrinkle his nose .
the air lay warm and heavy with the scent of mildew , and vapor rolled along the floor in clouds .
tristan wrinkled his nose at the odor , the same musty scent that came up through the ducts in his room .
at first , the perfume was intoxicatingly engaging .
the air seemed filled with those colors , with that life , and ilahon shot a knowing glance at graid , before inhaling deeply of its scent .
it is one of her favorite scents , the way the atmosphere smells before it rains .
but i know that when she finally wakes , favorite scents or no favorite scents , peace will seep from her .
a tangy , earthy scent infuses the air as we lay in the tall grass gazing at the sky , a vast blue canvas scrubbed clean by the early morning storms .
the forest is thick with the scent of evergreens and musty earth .
my mouth is watering , june says as the mild , almost sweet scent of roasting rabbit meat infuses the air .
the musky , moldy scent of fallen leaves that i would ve usually found pleasant terrified me .
home is so close i can almost smell the mossy , piney scent that hangs heavily just outside the opening of the cave , the same scent i breathe in every morning .
home is so close i can almost smell the mossy , piney scent that hangs heavily just outside the opening of the cave , the same scent i breathe in every morning .
the acrid stench of their urine fills the air and replaces the mossy , piney scent that normally greets me when i leave my home .
unfamiliar but pleasant and welcome , i am suddenly filled with his musk - and - sunshine scent .
she grabbed a slice of pizza and inhaled the scents briefly before digging in .
the pungent scent of motor oil wafted through the tight , confined space .
the scent of flowers drifted through the room that made savannah sniffle .
the sun was directly overhead , and was baking hot , and wodi fell on his back and the scent of the grass was heavenly and sweet .
as they neared the great tree wodi was hit by the scent of honeysuckle mixed with old batteries and his awareness shifted .
after a long time of walking my back grew tired and i was about ready to quit when the now familiar scent of grass hit my nose .
as he unfolded it once again , he caught its strange scent .
their favorite perfume scented the basin .
the garden was deserted , quiet , the scent of the flowers and earth wafted up to them .
sahra had to sit in a cold tub of soapy water and sharp chemicals and sickening flower scents while c , sir and teo rubbed and scrubbed at her .
he could smell their mammalian scent through the perfumes that some poured over their human pets .
i inhale his scent , smiling at its familiarity and comforting essence .
i am enjoying the view , the scents , the feeling of the air as i meditate and wait for him .
i am enjoying the view , the scents , the feeling of the air as i meditate and wait for epifanio .
i breathe into his shoulder , inhaling his familiar , comforting , perfect mixture of scents .
the air carried a faint scent of ocean .
her perfume carried a floral scent , her cheeks looked firm and wholesome from a perfect application of blush .
her perfume carried a floral scent , her cheeks looked firm and wholesome from a perfect application of blush .
the late afternoon air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle and the sounds of the cicadas , but they were both lost in other private worlds , worlds without smell or the need to remember nature 's sounds .
the scent of mint from zacs herb tea mix filled the kitchen and the warmth of the woodstove were things dolores was aware she missed or perhaps she had always missed them .
smelt the unexpected womanly scent of honey - flower .
she moved towards him and he gazed into her bright green eyes , caught the soft scent of her skin .
wind blew against my skin , the chill air pressing against my body , filling me with the scent of earth .
the wind was heavy with the scent of pasture and farm .
with some difficulty , i leaned back from the rich scent of the mutton .
the brilliant line of overhead lanterns had disappeared ; the crowds waned into the shadows of vacant streets , the scent of food fading into the cold aroma of an autumn night .
a perfume rose , its aroma a flavor on my tongue .
i could smell its perfume , sweet like nectar , mixing with the cooked scent of soup .
i could smell its perfume , sweet like nectar , mixing with the cooked scent of soup .
the wind brought the fragrance of the bath to me , and its rich scent was the last thing i remembered before i fell asleep .
just some scents and you ll be ready , she said , rubbing fragrance onto her palms and patting the old man at the base of his jaw , finally checking his hair to make sure every strand was in place .
the collar of his robe was embroidered and from him came a faint scent of perfume .
the collar of his robe was embroidered and from him came a faint scent of perfume .
the diners used a long spoon to break through the crust , releasing a sweet scent as they scooped out the custard within .
in the village , the market was alive with the fresh scent of bakery .
set into the stones of the floor was a pool of golden water , and from it wafted the scent of honey .
the entire room was fragranced with an overpoweringly sweet perfume , stirred by the wind .
as i stirred , a scent was released that seemed a mixture of honey and ginger .
a warm moreinen wind brought the scent of roasted nuts and cocoa .
we were gliding right beneath the stars , the scent of moreina still lingering around us .
the scent of the flower filled the air with sweet vanilla .
little curls of smoke lifted from it and a baked scent wafted towards me .
soon , i felt as if i were nestled in the comforting scents of a bakery warm , full , and cozy .
the sounds of singing and piping drifted up , mingled with the scent of a warm roast .
i would have thought i had fallen into the night sky , if it were nt for the scent of the forest and the feel of the earth beneath me .
i breathed in the light clean perfume of the stars of the earth .
the toll of the campanile above the campus grounds , the gust of autumn air through rusty brown leaves , the scent of coffee from cafs , and the bustle of students filled me with a familiarity that verged on the edge of pain .
kind of like an earthy , warm yet cool scent that a guy could get lost in .
the aroma of caffeinated goodness flooded my nostrils and i almost died from the heavenly scent .
hallucinations of his mother with her loving touch upon his face , of smelling her perfume and remembering the softness of her long , lovely hair .
the scent of roses filled my nostrils .
he laid three strips of cooked meatthe source of the absolutely delicious scent that had led me to the kitchen in the first placeon my plate with some slices of bread .
it sizzled as the scent of cooking meat wafted its way to my nose .
gaent gazed at the waves in the channel and drew in some of the salty , fishy scent through his nose .
he brought the envelope close to his nose and inhaled , flaring his nostrils to bring in every bit of scent he could .
the apothos helped concentrate those scents and sort through the different varieties .
the laboratory was full of different scents .
its exotic perfume pervaded her being , inducing a delicious , sensuous languor that was something more and less than sleep .
the blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
a damp moldy scent reeked up from it , and valeria shivered .
you remember the night beneath the black lotus that waved above us , stirred by no worldly breeze ; you scent again the unearthly perfumes that stole and rose like a cloud about you to enslave you .
damien took a deep breath , inhaling the faint scent of burnt plastic and fused hydrogen .
the nurses at the home have far more experience and patience than mother and i could ever have shown her , but i miss her presence and her smell of ponds face cream and lily of the valley perfume .
as a quiet stirring of the leaves of the forest swirled at my skirts , i breathed in the fragrance of the forest , the fresh scent of the earth ; something crossed my mind so quickly that i lost the thought when reem spoke .
it reminded me of my mother and her favorite scent of candlesage .
she smiled as she gleaned from them , the dire situation the three had found themselves in , the alluring scents that trick the mind into wasting away and slowly dying would be the next task the witch would set upon the unsuspecting maiden , and as the island leaches the humans life energy , so too the unicorns soul is wasted .
the streets were lined with rose petals that the still warm nights turned into a gentle perfume .
an otherworldly perfume scented the air .
the same exotic perfumes the aircon circulated randomly like tracks on a jukebox of aromas .
he could make out his two favourite scents on the curb , he sniffed around the cars hoping he would come up with more .
i can smell her perfume , lilac .
i could smell her perfume : lilac .
i recall the scent of the perfume , i recall the look of the little spray bottle , i recall the name of the fragrance and where i 'd like it to be and ... '' ` ` and poof , you get a bottle by your night table . ''
that was susan 's perfume .
he watched her hold the fruit to her face , drinking in its sweet scent .
she flicked her hair , making the air tingle with the scent of lavender .
there was his scent mixed with a hint of the sweet smell of sex they had generated together .
the group walked through the swinging doors of the tavern and the smell of body odor and liquor mixed with the smoke and food to make a strong , but surprisingly not unpleasant scent .
immediately a strong scent filled the air that smelled like spices mixed with manure .
it lingered in the embrace of the trees the way scents do , curling like smoke through air , ready to evaporate or change direction at the first whiff of a breeze , but , also like smoke , it was knowable , identifiable , and easy to follow if i did n't hesitate .
feeling buck 's body , his skin , taking in the scent of him .
as the weather warmed and the forest came alive , she exhilarated in the feel of wind on her body and in the myriad intoxicating scents of the woods in springtime .
rusty stood there for a time , breathing in the slight frostiness of the air , the scents of garbage cans waiting to be picked up , stray cats , maple leaves and something odd .
john reached out and crushed a sprig of rosemary and inhaled the scent of the oil .
between her visits he would think of her as spreading warm sunshine and the scent of daffodils wherever she went and he knew he was being a mooncalf but he did nt much mind .
the scent of it was unbelievably sweet .
her lungs filled with air again , carrying a familiar scent .
he lowered his head to her shoulder and with a start , realized she was wearing perfume .
numerous small bonfires had burned down to embers and ashes , filling the air with the harsh scent of latent wood smoke .
the scent of roasting meat improved everyones spirits , and those of the forest enjoyed much their campfire .
heather held her son close to her chest and nuzzled him and allowed his scent to permeate into her very being .
the faint scent of jasmine wafted through the doorway , making her feel as though she were entering a tropical garden .
he could smell her perfume , a very light scent , like lavender and vanilla .
he could smell her perfume , a very light scent , like lavender and vanilla .
fergus stood a moment ; he could smell the damp earth and caught the faint scent of flowers through the open door .
the scent of the fresh earth brought back memories and he was tempted to escape into that moist , oxygen laden air , but he did nt have time to take the tour .
inside the office the computer greeted her in its neutral female voice as the calming scent of bilgano plant wafted around her .
the room lit up as a hundred auto - candles flickered to life around the room , exquisite violin music began resonating from the direction of the bedroom and the scent of tulek roses wafted around beth .
and with that they were gone , leaving only the scent of roses and a few suds on the floor as memory .
the room beyond was a massive warehouse , dimly lit and filled with a musty , aged scent .
zep had moved across to a control panel of some sort causing soft synthetic music to fill the room along with the scent of flowers .
picking one up , he inhaled the scent , closing his eyes to fully experience the smell .
the last remnants of the winter storm had passed , and the scent of new plant growth was heavy in the air .
flowers filled the landscaping , and their scent hung lightly on the air .
she folded herself into his shoulder and wallis hated himself for noticing the scent of rosemary wafting up from her skin and hair even as he soothed her and murmured that everything would be okay .
the perfume of deities permeated virtual air .
expensive perfumes , jewelry , and items of the like not available on the other skyships .
my mind demanded , and instantly , i picked up her familiar scent of coconut shampoo .
after his lips pressed to the top of my head , i closed my eyes , inhaled deeply the scent of his cologne , and become steadily more hypnotized by the sound of his beating heart .
i could smell the blood mixed in with the scents of the greenery and mid - afternoon haze .
i grasped him tighter , drawing in his intoxicating scent .
after standing on my tiptoes to wrap my arms around his neck , i turned my face to him and breathed in his intoxicating scent .
i closed my eyes and drank in his deliciously soothing scent .
the feeling of bewildered joy filled me up , reminding me of spring rain , the light in james 's eyes , penny 's lighthearted , girlish giggle , and oddly enough , the smell of maura 's perfume .
we just moved , smelling the air constantly for any trace of my sisters scents .
i smelled the air , trying to discern a familiar scent .
they had been been able to smell something on the air , a thick , cloying smell that reminded donita of old perfume .
her head ducked lower as she drank in the intoxicating scent .
his eyes picked up the scents from the air , and the scents painted a picture more complete than any of his old senses could have given .
his eyes picked up the scents from the air , and the scents painted a picture more complete than any of his old senses could have given .
i am , she replied as the scent of lavender filled the air behind her .
matt caught a whiff of jasmine and wondered if she wore that scent on purpose since she knew he liked it .
i smell flowers , and the scent of fresh - cut grass .
a breeze blows the scent of magnolia blossoms into my face .
i catch the fading scent of the nothingness , of stars and time .
kaeda inhaled deeply , savoring the scents of cinnamon and clove .
raice said , pressing her breasts against his chest and letting him again inhale the warm scent of her as she traced long fingernails down his muscular chest .
tya asked him , leaning closer so he could smell the delicate scent of her body .
he asked her after a few moments of silence where he continued to be aware of both her soft scent , and the warmth of her close to him .
ryo inhaled the soft scent that he had not smelled in a very long time .
the scent tickled his mind , a fragrance he had not smelled since his lya had been taken from him .
her eyes were lapis lazuli , and her skin held the perfume of the river in it .
the lyra tree forest that bordered the lake and the ice - capped mountains that rose beyond the shimmering sea of trees filled her mind with false scents and sensations ; she felt again the cool spring breezes that brought the first hint of the ripening sherin fruit to her home on the shore .
after a moment , he dared to breathe , inhaling the thick , woody scent of the bank .
hinev came to adore the smell of the ripening sher - inn wafting on the breeze as the warm season approached , the smell of the last days of the warm season , when the bite of the coming cold stung the air and stung his nose ; he knew the scents of nature , the individual scents of each animal , of the trees and shrubs and plants ; he knew the land with such intimacy , and the land knew him , as if both of them had been fashioned for each other .
hinev came to adore the smell of the ripening sher - inn wafting on the breeze as the warm season approached , the smell of the last days of the warm season , when the bite of the coming cold stung the air and stung his nose ; he knew the scents of nature , the individual scents of each animal , of the trees and shrubs and plants ; he knew the land with such intimacy , and the land knew him , as if both of them had been fashioned for each other .
riliya stopped to observe the great blooms of blue and violet miri flowers that filled the air with their fresh sweet scent .
then a day before , the fog had finally given way to clearing skies , large white clouds , a fine early morning mist , and the crisp perfume of dew - touched flowers .
they declined the decanters of refreshment , selerael offered them , sweet , clear spirits with a scent of spices and several other sweet cakes and fruits .
firien ... at the word , a sense memory assaulted him , the scent of the ferny , mossy undergrowth in the lyra groves , the smell of the coming winter when he and his mother undina had gathered the bare sedwi logs for fuel to keep warm ...
the sounds of a dozen different languages being spoken at once assaulted his hearing while his stomach grumbled as the scent of roasting meat and fowl wafted under his nose .
tera spoke of life , but the scent of the earth , pungent with death , rose to fill his nostrils .
and when his eyes fell to me and took me in , it billowed outward from him in a great cloud of color , as if a blood bomb had exploded around him and sprayed us all with its coppery scent .
i grabbed her hand and she leaned into me , her soft hair against my neck and face , the now familiar scent of her filling my senses .
i pulled her close , the scent of her stirring feelings in me that were surfacing more and more .
she held me again and i wrapped my arms around her , the scent of her skin something that made everything all better .
at night , my dreams were filled with her and even for that short time the memory of her scent and the feel of her skin against mine was like she had never been gone .
she then gave each girl an exquisite , lavender velvet handbag , and inside each bag were toothpaste , toothbrush , mouthwash , and an expensive bottle of french perfume .
her delightful flowery perfume drifted up and found his nose .
the feel of her soft young body and the aroma of her delicious perfume overpowered his senses .
a whiff of perfume and the press of her breasts against the captains chest was all it took .
only , her body was rubbed with oils having a stronger scent .
she spended the recent days with tiding the flats and her own look up but she still has nt leave the house , only pretty much cleaned her flat , she combed her long , fairish - brownish hair , took her eyebrows unnecessary part of her skin , put on make - up to these , to her round , brown eyes , and her thin lips and she also had a bath every day again , she already ordered some soap , scent , detergent , dishwater and everything she needed .
the faint scent was just noticeable on the breeze .
subtle perfumes drifted out of the air vent ; they suggested food or sex depending on which direction the elevator rider was facing .
the perfumes faded and the music diminished as the doors slid open .
when i smelled the air , i could smell all the plants around me , and quickly , i sorted through those scents until i found the one i was searching for : the flare tree .
i breathed him in ; through the smell of his sweat , i could still smell his normal , intoxicating scent , and it calmed me .
i had buried my face in his chest so i could breathe in his scent .
i did not turn over to bury my face in his pillow and breathe in his scent .
that did not stop me from eventually rolling over onto his pillow to smell the sweet scent of his shampoo mixed with his cologne .
my mind remained clear , but my eyes drooped as i inhaled deeply the scent of his blood ; it was as though i was becoming high on it , and his screams enhanced that strange high .
i closed my eyes , breathed in his scent , and allowed that warmth he always brought to me to fill me up , to consume me .
countless nights in don 's house passed in our minds , when the cool wind left our white curtains billowing and filled us up with the pure scent of the pangaean air .
the communities they drove by were rural , but full of lively markets , cobblestone pathways , and foods of various blends permeating the air in scents of fresh bread , dairy , and meats .
a symphony of scent ?
and cherry cheesecake scent , dylan thought .
she huffed , the smell of her expensive perfume familiar and terrifying at the same time .
the scent of cinnamon drifted over .
there was even a pleasant , aromatic scent that accompanied him .
smelled himyes , that intriguing trace of fragrant scent emanating from him .
julieth brought her fruit to her lips , savoring the sweet scent before biting through its skin and enjoying the way its juices caressed her throat .
chanting voices echoed in a nearby hall and an herbal scent filled the air .
the mattress felt very comfortable and the room had a fresh , clean , scent .
her fresh and heady scent , moist lips , and skin as smooth as marble .
what a strange scent they pass next to a stately branched candlestick .
this magical girl sat up on her knees , straddling me , her hair just touching her shoulders , peering shortsightedly at me without her glasses , her throat and her breasts gleaming with sweat , and the perfume of our lovemaking enveloping her , and me , and the bed sheets , and the whole world .
she had dyed blonde hair , she had huge breasts squashed into a blouse a size too small , maybe two sizes too small , her lipstick and other miscellaneous paints and powders had been applied in what one could only describe as genuine whorehouse fashion , and her perfume was of the inexpensive type whose scent bears a close resemblance to some kind of household cleaning product .
she had dyed blonde hair , she had huge breasts squashed into a blouse a size too small , maybe two sizes too small , her lipstick and other miscellaneous paints and powders had been applied in what one could only describe as genuine whorehouse fashion , and her perfume was of the inexpensive type whose scent bears a close resemblance to some kind of household cleaning product .
robots loomed tall and still in silent ranks , filling the darkness with the burnt scent of ozone and standing at mute attention between thick gray support pillars .
i lay awake in the darkness , inhaling the scents of dust and old plastic .
stands selling roasted fence lizards and baked snake offered a more pleasant scent , but the people tramping up and down the square stirred up the dust and stomped our evidence into the dirt .
the flower scent was too thick and too sweet .
she had nt showered either , instead preferring to douse her clothes in potent levels of her favourite perfume than risk growing fins in the shower .
the scent of cologne gently wafted over from him , not in the intrusive way that many males attempted in order to cover over their body odour , but in the way that was just right .
i stiffened , breathing in the scent of rain and fresh grass that lingered on his body .
i breathed in the scent of fresh rain and grass , the crispness waking me from whatever sleepiness i had had during the day .
i caught the telltale scent of the ocean mixed with the scent of fresh rain , breathing in deep .
i caught the telltale scent of the ocean mixed with the scent of fresh rain , breathing in deep .
with my face buried in nevadas shoulder , i clung to them and breathed in their scents - spicy cologne mixed with floral perfume .
with my face buried in nevadas shoulder , i clung to them and breathed in their scents - spicy cologne mixed with floral perfume .
i could nt do anything except for stand there , breathing in his scent and feeling the warmth of his hands through the material of my shirt .
with eyes closed , i breathed in a new scent that lingered around him , something warm and spicy , but home - like too .
i had a fairly good idea of what she was expecting me to do , and it was n't that i would rip out her throat and inhale the scent of the cherry springs that proliferated from the oxygenated life beneath .
she quickly ran her fingers through her long , dark curls , enjoying the sweet scent of lavender soap .
his teeth , whiter than shed expected , clamped around the smoldering stub of a thin brown cigar that burned with an almost candylike scent .
and as we gazed upon the corpse you thought you 'd pass out from this flower 's rank perfume .
i am a boudoir full of dusty clothes , and scattered petals from a faded rose , where only pale pastels and yellow prints still hold a touch of some forgotten scent .
wind blew up through the void in the floor and the musty scent of an old fire filled it as it swirled about them .
hitting the already hot metal of the pan the chili sizzled , and the sound accompanied by its scent made his mouth water uncontrollably .
he could smell the perfume of the pretty bartender and how he felt when she smiled .
as thetra walked into the cluster of trees , he smelled the faint scent of pines , which meant that the trees were the same as the type of tree that were in toage .
gabriel could smell the lingering scent of their mingled sweat .
there was a faint scent of salt and fish and seaweed .
to celebrate , she brewed herself a fresh pot of asian tea , luxuriating in the rich atmosphere launched by the spicy , exotic scent .
his warmth and masculine scent further comforted her as he shepherded her out into the parking lot .
a stream trickled past rows of yellow flowers , which gave off a scent like honey .
the lovely mix of fauna gave off a wonderful bouquet of an invigorating floral scent .
scents of floral bouquet from the lush tropical shrubbery filled the air along with the sweetness of cotton jacy and the aromas of chocolate and taffy from the jacy factory .
he liked the scent of the soap .
nearing the flower beds he was overwhelmed by the scent .
i can replicate vegetables but not the natural scent of lavender .
one could hear the peaceful sounds of the birds and little animals through the open door and the scent of kitchen herbs saturated the air .
the breeze brought in fragrance from a nearby mock - orange and mixed it with the scent of lavender from the bunches sarah had hung from the rafters to dry .
the heat intensified the strong fragrance of lavender and frangipani and the breeze carried the scent of honey from the wild pear orchard across the valley .
sister roberta had decided to match their flavors and colors with actual ones and the entire simulation smelled like an ice cream parlor where the delightful scents of chocolate , strawberries , raspberry , mint , vanilla and banana overpowered the more subtle ones - black cherry , rhubarb , caramel , pistachio , watermelon and peach .
she listened to the giggles and shouts of the little ones chasing each other on the beach , she took in the perfume of overheated gardenias and vanilla blossoms , carried in the breeze .
the ballroom doors leading onto the garden had been thrown open letting in fresh air and the scent of flowers in bloom .
i sat across from her , fully cognizant of her sweet scent and flawless complexiondash ; except for the scar , she was perfect .
the late summer los angeles wind was hot and tainted by the coppery scent of smog , but it still felt refreshing as it hit his broad chest and played through his short , black hair .
he laughed , scooped her off her feet with a bear - hug and inhaled deeply , finding that even the clinging stench of the smoke was powerless to cover her scent of jasmine and honeysucklescents he could nt name , but which he had learned to love .
the air had that bagels and coffee scent that made you want to just relax with a book in a leather chair .
he picked a book off the shelf and leafed through it , leaning in and inhaling the scent of the pages .
she could feel the subtle vibrations of the thing starting to warm up and could smell the tell - tale , burnt - ozone scent that it produced .
the scent of sea , salt and another odor , a sweet odor , emanated from his tentacles .
casks of wine lined the cellar , their presence hinted at with the scent of mock oak and mildew .
the instantaneous scent of blanc de noirs filled my sinuses .
both odours carried a hint of age with them , the spicy scent of sondranos preservatives .
the scent of burning leaves and the smell of blanc de noirs returned .
one brought a crock pot , which was the source of the cabbage scent .
hoover still monitored the scents and sounds from outside , trying to improve the language algorithms , but the ai did not have much new material to decipher .
after about three weeks of travelling aerlid began to detect the scent of the ocean in the air above the smells of the forest .
it was a sickly , oily scent that made her feel ill . everything needed to be burnt before the next night , still , it was unusual for smoke to get into the caves ; great care was taken to avoid that .
her perfume was making me nauseous .
the red woman click - clacked closer ; her perfume was making me sick .
i closed my eyes , waiting for the mist , thinking of victor , and how he smelled of the same scent .
it was soft and silky and as i tenderly brushed his locks , scents of vanilla escaped into the air .
oh , thank you , i said , inhaling its wonderful scent .
what scent did you bathe with ?
jon rolled his shoulders , breathing in the perfumes , colognes , and citrus aroma of fresh polish which wafted from the bar .
one moment he was pinning the diamond on his breast , was standing shoulder to shoulder with the other men , was so close to nicole that he could breathe in her intoxicating scent .
cass circled the dead bull , familiarized herself with its anatomy , breathed in its fetid perfume , and nearly drowned in congealed blood when bledsoe shoved her face into the carcass .
he had nt even checked on her before jumping the nice woman with the wonderful scent .
he opens a jar and a berry scent falls onto my nose .
a breeze brought her scent to him : lilac and lavender .
at first i had wondered whether i was drawn to her because of that alluring and mesmerizing scent .
classical music piped through unseen speakers , and the scent of cinnamon and cider filled the air .
he thought he caught a whiff of exotic perfume , but it was hard to tell with the other unknown odors wafting in his direction .
like the memory of a spring breeze , alan felt different parts of his mind respond to the strange feeling , as if a gentle scent had enveloped his thoughts .
but here it was not made of light ; its bark was brown and its light pink flowers gave off the faintest perfume .
their scent was calming and light , lending only the faintest trace of perfume to the air .
their scent was calming and light , lending only the faintest trace of perfume to the air .
she did n't know the word for it because she had never experienced it , but what the wind blew through her was the scent of the earth , the scent of the wildflower pollen and the dirt after the rain .
she did n't know the word for it because she had never experienced it , but what the wind blew through her was the scent of the earth , the scent of the wildflower pollen and the dirt after the rain .
she felt a whisper in her mind , like the scent of blossoms .
it left no trace that it had ever existed , except for the faint scent of flowers in the minds of everyone who saw it .
he breathed in that faint scent of drasil flowers that perfumed her skin .
as he stared at the star charts and maps of known planets and territories , he caught the faintest scent of drasil flowers .
a scent of smoke reaches me and i turn in the direction of the lab .
every girl has smelled lizs perfume as well .
while he caressed and tweaked it towards himselfhe even went on to sniff it and take uttermost pleasure in her sugar - like scent which was trickling into his nostrils promptly and openly , sweet and inviting .
he was neatly and excellently dressed in an immaculate black suit , one that suited and harmonized with his disheveled blond hair , and his scenthe smelled of cologne and some sort of mannish lush perfume that i had never come across until now .
the scent of lilacs in bloom came to him on the light breeze from the porch front , where the bushes marched away in both directions , rail high .
alex screamed with joy and ran to him , throwing her arms around his huge body , breathing in his familiar scent that she had missed so much .
alex picked up a handful of leaves and buried her nose in the scents .
the air was crisp and tinged with the scent of wild flowers growing in the field across the path and as i brought out two mugs of coffee i was hit with the first bird songs .
the sun was beating down now and the air was thick with the lazy scent of summer .
but the thought that this place with its sharp , clean scent and its chattering nature was always here , safe and waiting for humanity to return to it as tia walks mutely beside me and branwell trails his fingers through rustling white flowers , i go to war with myself to keep tears from spilling onto my cheeks .
it smells of the sea , all bitter salt , with an underlying musty scent that reminds me of my fathers attic .
i breathe him in , matching his musky scent with days spent close to my best friend .
my memory conjures the precise memory of hyde park in summertime , the scent of the crisp grass , the fresh blooms and their delicate sweetness .
if these bharatians continue to punish me for missing my home , for remembering the times i spent with my loved ones , for yearning for the familiar earthy scent of the one who had my heart , they will soon lose my commitment .
the scent of damp keeps the darkness company , setting my every nerve on edge .
the scent of aging books overwhelms my senses and for a second i am home , curled up in my basement amongst shelves and shelves of paperbacks .
rows upon rows of red cushioned seats fan out around us , the old fabric filling the high - ceilinged room with the musty scent of history .
i m instantly hit by a scorching wall of air and a scent that burns my nose as i inhale .
i press the palms of my hands over my ears , refusing to open my eyes even when a body breezes past me , the foreign scent of peppermint twining with the musk and dusty scent of this base .
i press the palms of my hands over my ears , refusing to open my eyes even when a body breezes past me , the foreign scent of peppermint twining with the musk and dusty scent of this base .
johns scent of sweat and spice drags up memories of nights spent in our living room in forgotten london listening to his dramatic brand of storytelling .
the scent of musk on the air , as familiar as my own heartbeat .
the streets are cloying with the scent of explosive powder and the saccharine fragrance of desserts and candies , but it fades as we walk further and further out of the city , into the less inhabited lands .
i quicken my pace , leaving the scent of pungent cleanliness and chemicals behind me , my hope and calm along with it .
beneath the dark shadow of the lamppost , with the scent of sweet flowers wrapping around us , honour kisses me .
a small , hand crafted oil lamp cast a flickering , orange glow over the desk , while filling the room with a scent reminiscent of backyard barbecues .
how he had missed the sweet scent of blossoming flora .
kion could smell her sweet scent .
he loved that vanilla perfume she wore .
kion briefly closed his eyes , taking in the sweet scent of her hair .
the scent almost made him puke the instant he inhaled it .
having meditated this , busiku inquired for jordans scent .
he identified it among the numberless scents that streamed into his nostrils .
its scent was sweet , intoxicatingly sweet , that for a while the canis were enticed to reason that it was not deadly at all .
its overly pleasant scent hit busikus nostrils and he sniffed it in delight .
the feelings drifted along with the scent were of sadness and anger and failure and embarrassment and frustration .
the moment busiku applied them over his skin , his scent oozing so easily but definitely into the canis nostrils , the canis became insane and wild , having lost it all of a sudden .
he drew closer to her , sniffing and delighting in her scent .
i took another sniff and detected just a hint of a perfume .
the freshly baked breads , the tang of pickles , the wafting scent of rich foreign cheeses , the smell of fresh vegetables , the earthy smell of the potatoes , piled high , and even ( though not exactly pleasurable ) the farmyard smell of animals .
but the feeling of her warm body close to mine - the smell of her perfume , neither too sweet , too musky , nor too citrus , but a perfect balance between the three - was wrapping me up in her .
she arrived at the center , having dressed that morning in one of her crispest , well - tailored designer outfits , having also put on her favorite perfume .
suella held natalie close to her , letting the babys scent drift up and soothe her .
she brushed and teased her hair to make it look playfully tousled and sexy , sprayed her best perfume in the air , walked into it , and put on a layer of lip gloss .
the weather was perfect that day , not a cloud in the sky , just a light breeze billowing the briny ocean scent and rendering the air just a touch cool .
as she walked along , she breathed in the fresh air , peppered with the scent of freshly cut grass and musky earth .
the crisp scent of freshly baked bread emanated from a bakery on a street corner .
not this girl , jillian replied as she put on an oven mitt and retrieved an oven pan with golden scones on it , filling the kitchen with the scent of fresh breaded goodness .
she was able to slide the moon roof open a short way , just enough to let the scent of fresh bloom from the hillsides in without making it too windy .
some tickled his sense of smell like the scent of a floweronly not a flower he had ever knownwhile others invaded without warning .
chapter 9 glasses chimed , voices stirred and the undeniable aroma of corporate people hit nate as he entered the next realm : a pungent smell of aftershave , perfume and mouthwash , all mixed together .
i can not differentiate between the scents .
how any being could find meaning from such a heady mix of scents was beyond him .
the mans nose widened as he inhaled the scents of the seawater and cedar and sweat and sunshine .
like felines fleas or bees pollen the scent traveled and trailed the islands breath and touched ravnos nostrils .
set on the hill , the ocean breeze and sweet scent of the trees made the lavvys aroma more than bearable , though not necessarily pleasant .
his nostrils widened to accommodate stale scents of western hemlock , waxy notes of sitka spruce , red dirt , sun - dried stone , and all these kids who ve grown and grown , the porter thought .
she looked up , smiled faintly , took the absolutely scentless flower , breathed in its supposed perfume and closed her eyes a second in a bogus show of ecstasy .
her beauty - her physical beauty - was nothing compared to the beauty of her musky odor - the ecstatic loveliness of the mingled perfumes of her wolfish body .
strange how the pleasant and sharp odours go together , he thought , or felt , for every single scent on her formed a higher harmony , her fur the main aroma , her sweet breath the counter - aroma , her sweat and urine and body odours like the theme of the symphony , and all the tiny moments wherein her paws had touched the ground , like quavers and delicate semiquavers dancing alongside .
combined with the smell of fresh grey woolen and cotten fabric - the cape and hood she was wearing - her clothing - also carried her mingled scents .
his pleasantly and appealing scent first knocked him in the nostrils , making him see him as he made his way toward him surreptitiously and meticulously .
first , as wind flurried past him , even spreading away threads of his chestnut dark hair off his face , a heavy scent , severe and strong , oozed into his nostrils .
second , as the scent streamed down his windpipe and entered its way momentarily into his lungs , which inflated and swelled at that point , the source and identity of the whiff was processed and confirmed in his brain .
my nostrils detected just a touch of elegant perfume .
take us elsewhere , where the air is heavy with the perfume of fertility , growth , and decay : the stuff of life !
now , sitting on the steps amid the thick heavy scent of holidays garden and the late summer morning , too tired to do the next thing , whatever that was , they listened to the overwhelming silence all around them .
they listened to the whole reprise album with frank inserting bits of trivia that he knew about sinatra here and there , and when it was time to go to bed , ash and frank went upstairs to their rooms and holiday settled into the thick , comfortable scents of the couch in the dark and slept .
yuki of raan was already here , devilclash had noticed ; her perfume carried a distinctive scent that the bugs choked on .
yuki of raan was already here , devilclash had noticed ; her perfume carried a distinctive scent that the bugs choked on .
beth anderson of course ( with that name ) smelled good , some kind of wholesome middle - western scent .
my nostrils are keened for the natural perfume of her body ( its a hot day ) but she does nt sweat and i do nt get communication that way either .
as the scent of cheese and beans filled the air around them , both men began sprinting elbow to asshole .
so i make it public knowledge that i ' m slightly interested , flirt a little , wear hughes ' favorite perfume and let him chase until his legs fall off .
eli 's nose quickly catching the scent of tender meat tanning over an open flame .
through an open window , he could see rows of tree branches rising up , and the noon sun soared high , peeping through the cracks of the trees , and the branches stirred only with the fluttering of the birds and the walls and roof over their heads was a purlin of lumber logs oozing the scent of fresh pine .
the air suddenly warmed and was pervaded with a strange scent vaguely like the smell of a low - caste bordello .
he stared directly into the light savoring the scent which rose from his body breath by slow breath .
it was a very familiar scent .
i closed my eyes and breathed in the sweet smell of her prim rose perfume .
the scent of books , old and new , was intoxicating .
every brush of skin against skin , whiff of musky scent or tight press of body threatened to unleash her lustful desires .
* * * * * steffor awoke to the blended scent of piney resin permeating from the walls of his room and triffle root tea that emanated from somewhere down the hall .
stalling , gently resting his chin on her thick curls , inhaled her scent deep into his lungs and released the long breath out his nostrils .
calivera pressed her body tight , the musky scent of her hair flooding his senses .
antone tasted the remnants of her lip - gloss and inhaled a whiff of her lingering perfume , reflecting on their parting embrace .
the maroas sweet scent saturated the air .
the familiar scent of steel , leather and sweat rushed out to him .
a trail of her sweet , floral scent lingered after she had left .
it was unmistakably a scent of maroa wine .
the only thing he remembered about her was her dress , her pale blonde hair , and the scent of maroa wine .
it was a scent that seeped in her clothes and her hair , which permeated the air like a perfume .
it was a scent that seeped in her clothes and her hair , which permeated the air like a perfume .
its wonderful scent shrouded the area .
the delicious smell of roasted geese wafted about the place by the time that everyone was clean and that scent lured them into the second hall that lay opposite the way to the rail tunnel .
one of these will be perfect for after dinner , fat jack praised the fine cigar after he inhaled the scent .
the scent is inviting yet with a hint of danger behind a mischievous smile .
a combination of the diode lighting , some pattern to the masonry , and a barely - noticeable scent in the air , maybe a sedative , combined to create an extremely subtle hypnotic effect .
the motion stirs up a breeze that sends a whiff of her perfume in my direction .
it 's powdery and distantly floral , reminiscent of the scent my mother - in - law wears .
reyes suppressed a smile at the rustic - sweet scent of the contents of motar 's satchel .
he drapes the jacket over me and wriggles back into his overcoat , gifting me his woolen warmth and spicy scent .
she nodded and swept by , leaving him in a cloud of floral perfume .
a soft breeze whistled into the delivery bay , bringing the scent of cut grass and the rose bushes near the gate .
he breathed in the scent of roses .
as i look up to where the scent is coming from , it hits methe most beautiful sight i have ever seen .
there was a lingering scent of smoke and steam .
i have n't given any perfume to a computer !
lake eel done was close and they could smell the fresh scent of the lake .
it has a scent of bilberry tinged with a romantic overtone suggesting dramatic intrigue ?
i sat heavily in my chair , reveling in the silence and trying to ignore the heavy perfume of olympia .
they actually bathe and rub themselves in scents .
there were other scents , unlike anything she had ever smelled before , and all the smells were coming from the shaft .
breakfast scents flowed from their neighbors kitchens ; various plant scents drifted through the air ; freshly cut grass smelled more intense than ever before .
breakfast scents flowed from their neighbors kitchens ; various plant scents drifted through the air ; freshly cut grass smelled more intense than ever before .
he helped me into his button - up shirt , and i was reminded of james until adams intoxicating scent filled my nose .
i drew in a discreet yet deep breath through my nose to take in that scent from the woman as she was brought forward to be claimed , and for a moment , the nostalgia became so overwhelming that i had to close my eyes .
i watched her go until she was out of sight , until that scent of home we shared had finally disappeared .
i could smell the distinct scent of the trees around me that clung to the perfect crispness of the summer wind , and then , the warmth from the fire in jamess room was the warmth from the fire in our fire pit , and i could hear us all , somewhere in the distance , even though i felt that i was right there .
as always , i touched him first to ensure that he was real , and then , i leaned into him slowly , nestled my head under his , breathed in his scent that i knew so well , felt that warmth that was completely synonymous with him by then fill me up , and then , i allowed the tears to fall silently only when his arms were locked around me and my face was hidden in his neck .
she sat down , so close to me that i could smell the soap she used , the perfume on her skin , but also , very faintly ( and perhaps i was imagining it ) , the warm smell of her apartment on earth that still clung to her just barely .
they had been been able to smell something on the air , a thick , cloying smell that reminded tosh of old perfume .
her scent overwhelms me againshe smells like a green , open field , the likes of which i have nt seen or smelled since the nukes took out central park .
her lips are soft and she tastes like vanilla and cinnamonor perhaps its her scent invading my senses and influencing my sense of taste .
i ve felt her breath on my cheek and taken her intoxicating scent in on far too many occasions .
my tongue sweeps the inside of her mouth , tasting her , taking her in through all of my senses as my hands touch and i inhale her scent .
the scent of roses touched his nose and he marveled at the absolute lack of pain in his body .
tiberius smelled the heavy , oversweet scent of vanora white .
vyron kissed kessa and inhaled her scent , sobbing half - formed apologies and confessions of love into her tousled black hair .
it was not the husky , organic scent of tobacco .
it stank of sex and sweat , but those scents were almost overwhelmed by the smell coming from several large , dark wet patches .
the scent , unlike anything i could possibly describe or compare to , overwhelmed me .
the scent soaked the air , and i inhaled it as deeply as i could .
i fought hard to turn back around , but the sickeningly sweet scent was too overpowering , too addicting .
the scent of her hair , the touch of her skin , was overpowering .
the breeze brought with it the unmistakable scent of dirt , water , and plants .
the thick scent of chlorophyll and damp soil .
the breeze carried the scent of the flowers that covered the fences dozens of meters away .
his nose filled with scents he had n't smelled in almost two centuries .
tongue flicked out , gathering in the unfamiliar scent of oil , plastics and metal .
the gigantic triangular head moved towards the doors of the elevator , inhaling the delicious scent of the preys sweat , urine , and feces .
he rolled over to her side of the bed , grabbed and then buried his face in her pillow , breathing in her scent .
he could smell the perfume that she was wearing .
he could still smell her perfume lingering in the air .
the coven master inhaled her scent , kissed her on the top of the head , and cradled her neck in his hand .
music played in restaurants ; he smelled scents of the most delicious cuisines , saw performers on sidewalks and vendors selling trinkets from large portable booths .
this bottle had a scent , and it was definitely scotch whisky .
both max and jennie noticed some strong odors in the air - familiar scents .
jennie looked over , knowing that her natural perfume was less than desirable at the moment , and gained a slight grin .
you see , krynos does not care much for the wonderfully aromatic scent of my herb , so i have refrained from partaking in its pleasures as of late . ''
she sensed new rain , the fresh scent of falling droplets plummeting out of the sky .
she also would nt allow herself to concentrate too much on eras strong floral perfume , which had actually approached them before she had .
how blessed his lungs felt to partake of such a scent .
even the spicy scent of this man was comforting to her .
memory 's gentle fingers touched his mind with the scent of durian , of ocean , of mace , cloves , and turmeric .
even when he was trying not to think about her , he still found katrin on the edge of his perceptions , drifting though his thoughts like the persistent trace of some familiar perfume .
cooking scents floated in from the kitchen .
the scent of fresh blueberry muffins floated over it all , and made me smile .
he stopped near the edge of the lounge , not close enough to touch , but close enough that i could smell the scent of him mingled with his specially blended soap .
the fresh scent of her newly washed hair wafted around him .
the light wind caused them to nod and send out their delicate perfume .
she leaned across him and grant found himself staring at one cheek at close quarters and catching the understated delicacy of light scent .
the little smile that preceded her and the faint scent that trailed her were a pair of beckoning fingers .
an invisible cloud of perfume surrounded her , miss fellowes stared at her in distaste .
her hair brushed his face and he noticed , as he had once or twice before , the fresh scent of her shampoo .
now the breeze carried the scents of life , of green things and freshness .
the wind shifted and brought the cool , sweet scent of some nearby stream to him .
recycling never works instantaneously and artificial scents merely overlay - they do not replace . ''
she wore some light , sweet scent that i liked , something that reminded me of buzzing locusts and lazy summer nights .
if she 'd crooked her finger , i think i would have been in danger of floating off the floor and drifting along behind her on a cloud of her perfume .
the air was filled with their light , heady scent .
she got close enough that i could smell her perfume , a scent that made my knees wobble for a second .
she got close enough that i could smell her perfume , a scent that made my knees wobble for a second .
we left the concealed passage for a dimly lit room halfway between a den and a library , thick with books and comfortable leather chairs and the scent of pipe smoke .
thunder rumbled somewhere far away , and my nose filled with the sharp scent of ozone .
thick incense wafted up from braziers around the circle , giving the cold air the sharp scent of cinnamon and some other , more acrid spice .
i caught the faintest scent of her hair , the smell of wild jasmine , and nearly fell to my knees on the spot .
a familiar scent swept through him , setting off old alarm bells , fearful and violent memories suddenly rising up .
finally she opened the passenger door and slipped inside , bringing in the scents of anxiety and cigarette smoke .
even now , the scent of reducing onions was already drifting through jessica 's open door .
the mouthwatering scent of beth 's tomato sauce rolled toward her from the kitchen , and the house echoed with the sounds of her whole family in animated conversation .
or maybe just the scent of new leather , still barely tinged with the harsh aroma of tanning compounds and the gummy scent of dye .
i could smell the warm scent of singed dust that always emerges from the vents the first time anyone turns on a heater after it 's been unneeded for a while .
i was intensely aware of the scents around me , of a hundred thousand new smells that begged to be explored , of the rush of sheer physical pleasure in racing across the ground after a friend .
it was the subtle tension of their bodies , the hints of power that hung about them like a very faint perfume .
she was bathed in some outrageous perfume .
on the patio , odrade said : ` ` i noticed your perfume . ''
he rarely brought them around to meet her , but sometimes in the morning she would sniff him for perfume , and she always commented if he had not changed his clothing overnight .
when i opened my door , my nose was assaulted with the scent of fresh pine - not pine cleaner , mind you .
they 're a source of the same intangible energy that everyone can feel when an autumn moon rises and fills you with a sudden sense of bone - deep excitement , or when the first warm breeze of spring rushes past your face , full of the scents of life , and drowns you in a sudden flood of unreasoning joy .
i could smell a lake somewhere nearby , moss and flowers and dead fish blending in with the scent of mildewed pine .
the warmed wood felt good under my hand , and the faint scent of wood smoke lay on the air .
shiela was right : i was in pain and in fear and in danger , and those kinds of circumstances have a tendency to make you pay attention to different things- the soft shine of candlelight on shiela 's hair , for example , or the soft scent of rose oil and flowered soap on her skin - and shiela had been in danger for part of that time as well .
the feel of her , the scent , everything had been there .
i could smell the scent of her hair , the subtle perfume she wore , mixing with the new - leather scent of her jacket and another , new smell - new soap , maybe .
i could smell the scent of her hair , the subtle perfume she wore , mixing with the new - leather scent of her jacket and another , new smell - new soap , maybe .
i could smell the scent of her hair , the subtle perfume she wore , mixing with the new - leather scent of her jacket and another , new smell - new soap , maybe .
sheer , sensual pleasure in the scent of her , in looking at her face , her dark hair again .
i sat in my apartment , in front of the fire , and breathed in the scent of her perfume .
i sat in my apartment , in front of the fire , and breathed in the scent of her perfume .
` ` smelled the blonde 's perfume . ''
i could smell her hair , her skin , their scent like candle smoke and cinnamon .
to feel her under my hand again , to have the scent of her filling my head - i 'd dreamed of it on too many cold and lonely nights .
trailing her was the faint scent of johnson 's baby powder .
despite the traffic , the sweet scent of seville oranges hung all around him .
the thick scent of red wine filled becker 's nostrils as padre herrera lowered the hand - polished , silver chalice .
he smelled her perfume , and it immediately brought back memories .
he was afraid she would smell meredith 's perfume , or ` ` you mad about this morning ? ''
but he was still worried about the smell of meredith 's perfume .
` ` and better perfume than sanders , '' cherry said .
` ` yeah , i like her perfume , '' lewyn said .
` ` anyway- '' ` ` sanders 's perfume leaves a lot to be desired . ''
again she leaned toward him , and this time closer ; he could smell a mild perfume about her , almost a warmth .
he sipped the bourbon ; the power of it , the authoritative strong taste and scent , had become almost unfamiliar to him and he had trouble swallowing .
a shower of sweet odors from a garden roof nibbled at his senses , but no floral perfume could roll back that fallen moon .
disengage ... disengage ... disengage ... floral perfume from the garden roof reminded him of chani .
they were packed into a tight mass of flesh now , the air heavy with their breathing and the scent of spice .
the clerks and aides had brought their own perfumes into this environment , aromas of diet and clothing , of exotic toiletries .
the omnipresent sludge had a musty , rotten scent , like that of dying fungus .
it was a cool ocean wind , bearing the briny scent of saltwater and sea life .
she had n't realized exactly how hungry she was until she 'd entered kiin 's kitchen , where the lingering scents of past banquets hung in the air like a delectable fog .
moving through waves of scents both pungent and enticing .
its pungent fumes rilled her sinuses as she fought for breath : the rich , choking scents of rotten apples and smoked meat , of saffron gasses bursting from an opened oven .
mira curled into a corner of the huge couch they shared , smelling the warm , animal scent of its leather .
she touches a chair , a table , the leaf of a potted plant , as if marking the room with her scent .
darling leaned forward to bring his full sensory spectra to bear on it , to capture the minute scent of metal atoms escaping its leaves , to breathe of it .
in the main office of the new headquarters , surrounded by crates of furniture and machinery , chen presented the newly appointed chief commissioner a box of rare hama crystals , those delicacies which never dissolved and never lost their flowery scent or taste , or their mildly relaxing effect .
as wine retains the perfume of its cask , i retain the essence of my most ancient genesis , and that is the seed of conscience .
the air was full of insect buzzing and a floral scent which reminded idaho of jungle flowers from caladan .
idaho smelled moldering leaves and freshly turned dirt against a background of pungent floral perfume .
the room held her scent , fresh lilac , pathetic .
- the reverend mother taraza , conversational record , bg file gsxxmat9 the overcast sky lifted as the sun of gammu climbed , picking up the scents of grass and surrounding forest extracted and condensed by the morning dampness .
the scent of the myriad of fresh flowers draping from elaborate bronze vases hung in his nostrils .
it was difficult to think of a response when the pleasant masculine scent of him was thick in her head and his eyes captivated her so .
more than that , the scent of his skin filled her head with the most pleasant masculine scent .
more than that , the scent of his skin filled her head with the most pleasant masculine scent .
unfortunately , the sweet scent of her skin hung in his nostrils and made him so hard he could n't concentrate on anything except how close she lay beside him and how easy it would be to slide his hand down her warm cl**vage and touch skin he knew would be incredibly soft and tasty .
at first she had no idea what it was until the scent of caillen hit her forcefully and she realized her pillow was his left biceps .
oh yeah , he 'd love nothing better than to bury his nose in the hollow of her throat and breathe her in until he was drunk on her scent while he slid himself deep inside her .
the scent of her hung heavy around him and all he wanted was to stay like this with her forever .
yeah , she could definitely borrow his shirts anytime she wanted and he hoped her scent stayed in the fabric ... pausing by his chair , she yawned .
the taste of her combined with the sweet scent of her hair and breath drove all thoughts out of his mind for several seconds as his body roared to life and craved her so badly that it was all he could do to remember they were being watched .
smiling , caillen leaned in and inhaled the sweet scent of her hair as an image of her nak*d beneath him tormented him with the most precious memory of his life .
closing her eyes , she inhaled the warm scent of his skin and just savored this one moment of peace .
terrified of losing him , zarya breathed in his warm masculine scent .
but one whiff of her scent .
closing his eyes , he savored the sweet scent of her skin .
` ` scents the governor has approved . ''
while she 'd smelled perfumes before , none of them could compare to this one .
nothing bothered her more than to step into a room and be assaulted by oversprayed scents .
pulling his shirt over her head , she paused as she caught his scent on her skin .
there was nothing she loved more than that warm , masculine scent .
darling inhaled her scent as he savored the sensation of her arms around him .
her name had barely flashed through his mind before he smelled the sweet warmth of her perfume .
her scented lotions and his favorite perfume that she wore for no other reason than to make him crazy with lust .
his warm , masculine scent should have told her instantly who it was , but still ... ` ` i ' m sorry . ''
he buried his face against her neck , inhaling the sweet scent of her skin and hair .
he turned his head so that he could breathe her scent in and let it drive the past away .
the wonderful scent of him made her senses reel .
the fire in his gaze was unmistakable as he inhaled her scent and held her hand like a sacred object .
and as she inhaled the warm scent of his skin , she understood what he 'd meant .
she clutched him against her and inhaled the warm , masculine scent of his skin .
all laced with that scent of burning that defined the world after the sun flares .
he knew it was blood , could smell the coppery scent of it .
he allowed their pleasantly overwhelming scent to wash over him and he did his best to shut down his mind again and stop thinking altogether .
brad nodded , inhaling her light perfume .
he turned the engine off and inhaled the scent of the trees .
i caught the smells of perfume , body lotion , and scented shampoo .
i could imagine the sticky scent left by centuries of stroking kiddie fingers .
i detected a scent like cough medicine rising up .
somehow , the fragrance cut through the cigarette smoke clinging to their clothes , the alcohol on their breath ; it carried her human scent to my nose - the smell of her skin , the natural oils on her fingers .
the iron tang of blood was joined by the mealy smell of ground bone , the saltiness of muscle , the flat scent of liver , and the ethyl mercaptan effluence of skin tissues .
i could still smell the jasmine fragrance in the air , the scent of her anger , and traces of her skin oil and sweat on my fingers .
in the center , one locker was icy to my touch , and through its ventilation slats that half - familiar scent - the one i could n't quite identify - floated on a draft of chilled air .
with my nose , even a swimming pool that 's been drained for years retains that tangy chemical scent .
peeps have a subtle scent .
under the dampness and grease and rat droppings , a strange scent lay , massive and unfamiliar , like a heavy hand on my chest , it was n't the scent of peeps or of the deep earth .
then i remembered dr . rat 's perfume of cal , the family scent distilled into pure essence .
then i remembered dr . rat 's perfume of cal , the family scent distilled into pure essence .
an almost orgasmic look of contentment came over her as she breathed in the scent of bacon .
but then my nose caught the scents wafting from the floor .
as her familiar scent reached me through the smell of grease and frying eggs , bob 's diner seemed to shudder , as if time were snapping backward .
i inhaled softly , letting lace 's scent claim me , the familiar jasmine of her shampoo somehow settling the chaos of the past twenty - four hours .
incense for scent and fresh grapes for taste .
i had my hand on my staff and the harsh , clear scent of wood smoke filled my nose before i stopped myself from unleashing an instant , violent , and noisily pyrotechnic assault upon the vampire five feet from me .
the crisp , clean scent of wood smoke filled the air , tainted with the barest hint of sulfur , and lurid light washed through the hallway .
my nose was filled with scents .
chapter thirty - six every time i opened a way to the nevernever , it always looked pretty much the same - an uneven vertical rip in the air that let in the sights and sounds and scents of the world on the other side .
then the hairs on the back of my neck rose , and a cold wind wafted into my face , bringing with it the dry , sterile scent of winter in high , barren mountains and the high , lonely cry of some kind of wild beast like nothing in the real world .
i know the scent , i ' ve had it once before - it 's a hot drink that goes into your veins like pure chem , leaves you bouncing until you crash .
i feel hands on my upper arms to steady me , but the faint floral scent surprises me ; i did n't realize dina ever smelled so feminine .
today , i feel stronger than i have in months , so i dress accordingly : black bodysuit , black boots , and a touch of perfume .
damn , he smells good , a spicy , smoky scent that renders him narcotic .
though i ' ve made up my mind to stay off men , literally and figuratively , i ' m still tempted , remember his smoky - spicy scent .
was that the smoky - spicy scent ?
he always smells of citrus and a darker woodsy scent , like standing in a cedar forest at midnight .
how he feels against me , his scent , and the weight of his arms curled around my back .
as if i have n't spoken , she bypasses me in a cloud of expensive perfume , programming a serving droid with a drink order .
the perfume he synthesized is so subtle i can barely detect it , but the human nose is one of our least powerful assets .
when i lean against them , crushing the fragile - veined petals against my gold robe , a delicate perfume surrounds me .
my breath comes out in a soft sigh as his familiar scent washes over me .
i ' m relieved to realize she does n't expect to converse while we 're on the move , so i can luxuriate in the rich scent of growing things .
the room is heavy and damp , a little warm for my tastes , and redolent with the perfume of blooming flowers that taste syrup sweet on my tongue when i inhale .
the petal - soft leaves that furl into the chairs we now sit upon are very soothing , and the sweet scent i ' ve noticed pervading most public spaces is present here as well .
a tree with purple flowers grows beside the villa , casting twilight shadows on the balcony where i once stood , the scent of peaches wafting on a warm wind .
the last time , i weep silently when it 's done and hold him to me , breathing in his scent .
then they treat me with chemical sanitizer ; i recognize the lemony scent .
roasting meat and spilled blood , molten ore and silicon dust , incense and scented candles , herbal remedies and rare poisons - these scents combined to overwhelm me .
the light perfume could not cover the faint smell of morbidity , but i have learned to overlook that .
i smell distant airs from the market , sweet and savory , copper kiln smells and the spicy scent of kosh .
i breathe him in , savoring his familiar scent .
i noted , idly , that the stench of stagnant water had vanished , replaced by the quiet , strong scent of roses .
` ` bits of clothing with her scent on them have been scattered everywhere . ''
there was a flash of light , an overwhelming scent of ozone and fresh laundry , and a silver denarius rolled away from a mound of ash that fell to the ground without ever getting within three feet of the small form of the archive .
it rose up around us , something i could just barely hear until i focused my senses on it , tuning out the musty reek and iron blood - scent of shaggy feathers and the cold solidity of obsidian statue 's hand .
she brought it to her lips , close to benteley 's face , and breathed the oddly sweet scent of sexual satisfaction into his eyes , and nose , and mouth .
he smelled her perfume .
evans could smell a faint perfume .
nice perfume . ''
and she had on that perfume that had driven him quietly crazy from the moment he first smelled it .
` ` i ' m not pretending , '' he said , leaning slightly closer , smelling her perfume .
her ocean journey had taught her new scents , of brine and clean sea air .
these alternated with the spicy scents of street vendors and their foods , and the juxtaposition was even more nauseating .
indeed , she actually smiled , as if enjoying the scent of the smoke .
waves surging against the wooden posts , a salty scent to the air , men climbing rigging calling one another with excitement .
the air had a musty , moldy scent .
it had the familiar scent of antiseptic kaladin associated with his father 's surgery .
the air was cool - spring having come for a time - and it was sweet with the scents of evening : blooming rockbuds and wet stone .
the dust picking up , the scents changing .
a strong wind buffeted the building , blowing under the door , stirring the scents of the many powders and tonics he sold .
he 'd already begun his meal , and the spicy scents made kal 's stomach rumble .
a cold wind blew through the corridor of stone , washing over him , bringing crisp , fresh scents and blowing away the stink of rotting corpses .
he found the surgeon 's station easily ; he could smell the scents of antiseptics and of small fires burning .
she was close enough that he could smell her perfume .
he had to be careful as he was in shardplate , but the gauntlets let him feel the silk of her dress , and his missing helm let him smell the sweet floral scent of her perfumed soap .
and more : a scent deep in his fur that was the hay into which jake and benny slightman had taken turns jumping not so long before .
he could still smell ake 's scent , faint and sorrowful .
the mixed smell of gunpowder and blood from the downed buck was bitter ; it was also the world 's sweetest perfume .
the smell in david 's room was her perfume , cheap and sweet .
this is your sigul , whispered the fading voice that bore with it the dusk - sweet scent of roses , the scent of home on a summer evening - o lost ! -a stone , a rose , an unfound door ; a stone , a rose , a door .
this is your sigul , whispered the fading voice that bore with it the dusk - sweet scent of roses , the scent of home on a summer evening - o lost ! -a stone , a rose , an unfound door ; a stone , a rose , a door .
and she smells like hospital disinfectant mingled with a hint of perfume .
the chocolate scent overwhelms me as he bends over and whispers in my ear , ` ` no , cassie .
it brought the familiar iodine scent of kelp decomposing on the beach .
in his wine - tinted reverie flattery saw the two of them naked in a great garden , heady with the scent of orchids and ripe fruit .
a mass of tentacles cradled the foil and delighted in the scent of self that it gave from its brittle skin .
other scents mingled with that of the one .
one of these scents was familiar , provocative , kelplike .
currents had changed suddenly , bringing the strange scents of fear and , just as suddenly , bliss .
chips of green onion floated the top , their crisp scent wafting the chambers .
` ` well , this type of flower did n't have a scent until just a year ago .
she breathed deep the thick scent of hylighter on the air and felt strength pulse out from the center of herself to each of her weary muscles .
the strong sea - smell of the beach had been replaced with the scent of thousands of blossoms , but there were no blossoms in sight .
sometimes , floral perfumes stopped his progress and held him in a momentary olfactory thralldom while his eyes searched out the source .
he smelled unfamiliar perfumes and acridities .
he could smell the sweet perfume of gowachin fear now , a floral scent which he 'd noted only on a few previous occasions .
he could smell the sweet perfume of gowachin fear now , a floral scent which he 'd noted only on a few previous occasions .
a familiar perfume .
he smelled old smoke , old sweat , old perfume .
the leatherbound notebook set in the case atop them was worn by long use ; shai breathed in a hint of its familiar scent .
together with the stickman , he moved so close to the woman he could smell her perfume .
the room they entered was as superbly furnished as the downstairs sitting room ; it was red and elegant , and the air was softly perfumed with the scent of jasmine .
she withdrew her hand , grew aware of the characteristic musky scent of the native female .
as i played with the sand - like material inside the bag , i got an unexpected whiff of a familiar scent .
melanie did n't like this ; she wanted to be near him , for me to smell his scent and feel the warmth of his body beside me .
i breathe in the scent of his skin and feel the warmth of his body under mine .
i buried my face in his hair , inhaling the scent .
a profusion of dainty glass bottles containing the scents i loved - i loved ?
he drank in the perfume of it , trying to forget everything except her presence and her soothing voice , the blessing of each moment as it was .
suddenly he plunged his face into its folds , gasping in the perfume of it .
oakes was portly - going - on - fat , dark complexion , faint odor of perfume .
his breath gave off a heavy floral perfume .
it was thick with vegetation and the perfumes of countless blossoms .
he smelled floral perfumes .
brian snapped his seatbelt shut , leaned back , closed his eyes , and smelled a perfume he could not quite name .
the seat beside her , aunt vicky 's seat , was still empty , and no flight attendant bent over her in a comforting little envelope of perfume and shampoo and faint smells of make - up to ask dinah if she could get her something - a snack , or maybe that drink of water .
the smoke smelled incredibly pungent , incredibly sweet to brian , and a moment 's reflection suggested a reason why : it was the only thing , save for the faint tang of nick hopewell 's shaving lotion and laurel 's perfume , that he could smell .
we still give off scents - i can smell laurel 's perfume and the captain 's aftershave lotion , for instance - but everything else seems to have lost its smell . ''
we still give off scents - i can smell laurel 's perfume and the captain 's aftershave lotion , for instance - but everything else seems to have lost its smell . ''
the smells of her hair , sweat , and perfume were still there , but were faint ; very faint .
smells suddenly struck brian with a bang : sweat , perfume , aftershave , cologne , cigarette smoke , leather , soap , industrial cleaner .
the glistening plastic bags would smell jaw - droppingly foul the next morning , but as i walked past that night , they still gave off the perfumes of saffron and freshly thrown - out rice .
my nostrils wrinkled at the smell of garlic tea brewing , not to mention the other scents coming from the kitchen , overpowering and unidentifiable .
the unburnt air was moist , thick with scents and sounds .
it had a scent like my room , my bedclothes , like something that zombie and i shared .
i imagined their scents filling the air , the crowd noise mingling with the roar inside me ...
i put the plastic bag to my face and breathed in the scent of fresh garlic , burning away the noises in my head , smoothing the rushing of my blood .
i half closed my eyes and walked slowly through the station , catching whiffs of perfume and piss , the bright metal tang of disinfectant , the blood - scent of rust everywhere .
the push - pull wind of distant trains stirred loose bits of paper and kept the scent swirling around me , the way the world spins when you ' ve had too much beer .
the scent grew overpowering , as mind - bending as pressing my nose against minerva 's neck , drawing me closer .
even the smell of her clothes and perfume was making my head spin , as if living together had somehow given me an overdose of her .
the hatch sealed with a soft hiss behind him and panille was left with the memory - image of her angry back and the sweet scent of her body .
the combined scents called up a momentary nostalgia for her childhood , a feeling that was both fine and fierce .
some of it 's the scent of the flowers , and some is the sound of the bees , i suppose - a steady , sleepy drone .
she could smell the fresh scent of rain , feel the electricity of recent lightning , the trapped vitality of the storm all around her .
there was also a clear fluid which gave off an identifiable scent - bananas .
susannah could smell a hundred conflicting perfumes .
no drowsing scent of roses , of gardenias .
and the sluggish breeze carried with it the scent of mold .
the scent of the gardenias was suddenly overpowering , yet he loved it .
here were soft - spoken men and women , fine carpets and carved furniture , rich colors and textures , and the perfume of lilies and roses , and people tempering their natural meanness and crude ways .
to think that all these years he had not smelled that sweet , heavy scent , and had not seen the sky behind the oaks catch fire , so each tiny leaf was suddenly distinct .
she saw herself smashing ellie 's mirror and the long row of bottles which still stood on her dresser , all those little bottles of scent in which the perfume had dried to nothing but color over the months .
she seemed puzzled and so was i , for i had found it so indescribably sweet to kiss her , to catch the scent of her skin and to be so near her breasts , that i was in a state of pure consternation actually .
what mattered was that i go , if that damnable spirit would not stop me , and that i not look back , or speak to her again , or catch the scent of her sweetness , or think about the soft touch of her lips or her hand .
' i continued upwards , my eyes fixed upon him , as his expression grew ever more fearful , and i saw that he was covered with dust , that his body , even as he stared back at me , showed the first signs of decay nay , i could smell it1 then the inevitable happened , the image begin to fade ' stuart1 ' i appealed to him desperately but the figure darkened , and through it , quite unconscious of it , stepped a flesh and blood woman of extraordinary beauty , who hurried down the stairs towards me and then past me , in a flurry of peach - colored silk and clattering jewelry , carrying with her a cloud of sweet perfume ' stuart was gone the smell of human decay was gone the woman murmured an apology as she brushed by me seems she was shouting to any number of people in the lower hall .
ellie used to say the flowers in california had no scent .
a lovely sweet perfume hung in this room .
but she felt sick again , and the strong perfume was making it worse .
whiff of perfume .
sick from the heat and this motionless cool air with the scent of the flowers hanging around her like an invisible mist .
what was the scent of flowers in the air , so savage and deep , so unlike the florist scents that had surrounded her earlier ?
what was the scent of flowers in the air , so savage and deep , so unlike the florist scents that had surrounded her earlier ?
all right , that had been the sweet side , overwhelming as the perfume of this flower in the dark , all of them there opening their arms .
a subtle fragrance of perfume rose from her clothes , something sweet like chanel , mingled with the unmistakable scent of powder .
a subtle fragrance of perfume rose from her clothes , something sweet like chanel , mingled with the unmistakable scent of powder .
again that strong perfume came on the breeze , drenchingly sweet .
just the scorched smell of old coffee coming from the kitchen , and the lingering perfume of a cigarette .
she savored the sweet perfume for another slow second , and then dropped the rose into the garden as she went out the gate .
the scent of rain mingled with the heat .
' do n't talk about it , you 're going to be with us forever , ' said bea , her perfume swirling about them , sweet and floral , and expensive like her brilliant red silk dress .
she leaned against the door frame , merely looking at the immense tree , all speckled with its tiny lights like stars , and breathing its deep woodsy perfume .
the old woman sipped delicately , and dess warmed her hands on her cup , lifting it once to sniff the floral scent of the brew revolted her .
when the familiar scent of long - simmering tomatoes slunk into jessica 's room , she stared at her desk calendar for a puzzled moment , then threw down her physics book and ran down the hall .
` ` sure , '' dess said , making her crouching way to her cushion , the scent of tea turning her stomach .
incense burned at five more points halfway between the candles , and take it from me - the scent of sandalwood does n't complement that of a rotting corpse .
they were in bloom , and their scent filled the air .
she went with the solid - oak furnishings , the actual oil paintings , and the handcrafted furniture in the reception area , and the faint scent of lemon wood polish in the air - variations on a theme of beautiful practicality .
her perfume was exquisite , and the surge of lust that hit me as i breathed it nearly had me turning to take a bite out of her , she smelled so good .
he cupped his hands , raised them to just below his face , and inhaled through his nose , breathing in the scent of the earth .
i could feel warmth on my right side , and smelled the scent of burning wood .
protection , like a porcupine 's quills or a skunk 's perfume .
as siri approached , shivering , she could smell strong floral scents coming from it .
it was lukewarm , and the floral scents were so strong that she had to breathe through her mouth .
if the scents coming from inside were any indication , then the ship represented the restaurant 's cuisine : fish .
he felt it plucking at his robes , bringing with it scents that had traveled hundreds of miles , crossed the ocean , twisting around palm trees and finally entering the court of gods .
blushweaver sat beside him , a rustle of cloth and a waft of perfume .
the scents were almost too much for siri in her hungered state .
and winds , colors , floral perfumes , birdsong - these would continue after the crystal shattering of sentiency .
night on the balcony was full of the odors mliss had gathered - exotic blooms , scents and mucks of rare life forms , exhalations of a myriad species she had brought to share her ark .
i could hear the muted sounds of the city , catch the barest hints of scents on the air , unnervingly , i could look up and see ... myself , my actual , physical body , towering over the model city like godzilla 's hyperthyroid cousin .
my nose filled with the sharp scent of ozone and burned hair .
bodyguard george got out and opened the door for lara , whose thigh brushed against mine as she got out , and whose perfume smelled good enough to scramble my brain for a good two or three seconds .
he saw the girl 's face at once ; he felt her lips pressed firmly against his own again , and smelled the scent of her skin .
i ' m going to slip in next to her at that dinner , and i ' m going to compliment her on the perfume i doubt like hell she 'll be wearing , and i ' m going to keep her wineglass full .
more clearly he could smell mingled perfumes , the oil from the lamps on the walls , the aroma of the ocean .
he breathed deep , inhaling the scent of pine - tar and depape 's sweat .
she could smell the faint half - sweet , half - acrid perfume of the trees and hear the quiet gossip of the stream as they lay down together forehead to forehead .
cuthbert could smell a lilac scent around roland 's collar and felt an insane but powerful urge to clamp his hands around roland 's throat and try to strangle him .
and roses - the dusky scent of roses .
far from the testosterone - laden sweat she 'd expected , his scent was fresh and clean with an underlying note that was uniquely his .
from the noise and myriad perfumes that assaulted her , the place was packed to the rafters .
he broke off from his contemplation of the scents rising from her skin , the floral of a shower gel used earlier in the day contrasting nicely with the apple scent on her hair and the faint overtones of a deep , exotic musk he assumed was perfume from last night .
he broke off from his contemplation of the scents rising from her skin , the floral of a shower gel used earlier in the day contrasting nicely with the apple scent on her hair and the faint overtones of a deep , exotic musk he assumed was perfume from last night .
he broke off from his contemplation of the scents rising from her skin , the floral of a shower gel used earlier in the day contrasting nicely with the apple scent on her hair and the faint overtones of a deep , exotic musk he assumed was perfume from last night .
she dried herself on a large towel that still bore his scent as she padded across the room and opened the closet to grab some new clothes .
blood and death , a perfume that had pervaded his life until he was sure it seeped from his pores .
she 'd showered this morning , the scent of her floral shower gel and the citrus shampoo she 'd used on her hair wrapping around him , teasing and tantalizing his senses .
she shrugged , her attention caught by his nearness and the subtle scent of shower gel rising off his warm skin .
the scent rising off his skin , shower gel and warm skin , overrode the aroma of burnt conduit and plastic .
memory supplied the sharp - spicy scent of his cologne and the warm one underneath , the scent of pure male and johnny that was unique to him .
memory supplied the sharp - spicy scent of his cologne and the warm one underneath , the scent of pure male and johnny that was unique to him .
they landed all together on the grounds the next morning at the feeding time , the cows bellowing invitingly in their pen , and the delicious grassy scent made temeraire 's tongue want to lick out at the air .
the globe popped like a soap bubble ( bub - bell , whispered the memory of my little brother 's voice ) , and i fell about ten feet onto a path that smelled like too - sweet perfume and looked like the road to oz .
i breathed it in and some faint memory came back to me , of some quiet and lovely place where the scent of flowers had been the very air .
it struck me as i looked around the little room , with its scent of ink and old paper , its scent of leather book binding and burning coals , that i could spend my whole life here happily , and that , in fact , i was living a life now so superior to anything that i 'd ever lived before that i almost wanted to cry .
he looked cold and remote , and then he took a deep breath , as if he were savoring her faint perfume .
i drew them close to me , and held them , and i was conscious of her softness , of her pure sweetness , a feminine sweetness so alien to me and the life i 'd lived , and of a lovely floral perfume coming from her silky dark hair .
the cookshops and taverns added their scents and swell to the narrow street .
his body seemed immaculately clean and smelled faintly of a dark sweet perfume .
and he could smell anathema 's perfume , which made him uncomfortable .
they certainly did n't want odd candles , scents , chants , or mystic runes .
a woman 's hand : he could smell a familiar perfume .
richard walked next to lamia , breathing in the lily - of - the - valley - honeysuckle scent of her , and enjoying her company .
charlotte was sex ; she wore sexuality like a translucent veil , like a heady perfume .
the scents of the room made my head pound .
i had smelled her perfume when i wore man - shape .
the salt scent of my world made me sure i 'd live forever .
a scent of something floral filled the air - strangest of all in that alleyway , where the smell of piss was predominant - and someone put a hand on my face and said : ` ` it 's okay , sweetie .
the birds and bugs and even the chemical scents in the air made me feel nostalgic for something that had passed away but lived on in sense memory .
my taste for blood has been refined and i seek out certain flavors and scents .
an armadillo scuttled through the beams of the headlights fifty yards ahead , and the aroma of sage vied with adeline 's orchid scent .
even shading her eyes with her manageable left hand caroleen could n't see anyone in the dimness inside , so she huffed up the widely spaced steps , and while she was catching her breath on the cement apron at the top , the front door swung inward , releasing a puff of cool floor - polish scent .
it had been a good - size supply room then , with an odd , sweetish scent from the rolls of film stacked along the shelves .
if it was food - that hungry - making perfume of meat charring over flame .
there was a smell in the air of pine - needles , and the stream ran over the rocks in a steady gurgle , mingling with the more distant sound of the ocean , the scent of salt on the wind .
would have inhaled the sweet , after - rain scent of the drug and soared through the stars .
for some , onadyn held a faint dewy scent .
a bitter scent wafted to my nose , then down my throat as i breathed , then onto my tongue as i opened my mouth .
the scent of pine and ... roses filled my nose .
he leaned his shoulder against the wall , and i caught the scent of woods and soap .
a wonderful scent .
without thought , i brought the vial to my nose and sniffed , savoring the scent of dew - kissed rain .
his pine scent hit me , and his hand brushed mine .
closer ... closer ... his clean , pine scent wafted around me .
breathing in the scent of coffee , i forced my attention on the room , memorizing details just as i 'd been taught .
i drew in a deep breath , absorbing the male scent of him .
i did a little recon and learned morevvs adore earthy scents .
breathing deeply of perfumes , sweat , and eco - friendly exhaust , i gripped shanel 's hand .
shock held me immobile as his heat and pine scent surrounded me .
a floral scent wafted to my nose .
i breathed in his scent , as warm and crisp as the night , basking in this stolen moment .
his spicy male scent enveloped me , drowning me in everything that was erik .
erik 's spicy scent enveloped me , wrapping me in a sense of safety .
drugging warmth surrounded me as surely as erik 's scent .
i inhaled deeply , savoring the mouth - watering scent .
the thick foliage overhead kept us in welcome shadows and the scent of dirt and dew saturated the air .
he smelled familiar , good , like pine and sunshine and that spicy scent that was all his own .
the tempting scents of spiced steam .
a scent that was hard to place , maybe gardenias .
the cavern was empty , but a familiar scent lingered .
the scent of garlic from a baking lasagna wafted toward her from the kitchen .
he crossed to her , inhaling her scent , a hypnotic perfume in the moist air .
he crossed to her , inhaling her scent , a hypnotic perfume in the moist air .
her stomach rumbled in response to the tantalizing scent of grilled onions and tinned ham .
she found herself recalling ben 's arms as he held her , the scent of his hair , his fingers on her back and neck .
the crisp scent of the crushed spruce needles under his knee helped sharpen him , reminding him where he was .
now brought to her attention , maggie noticed an underlying stench that penetrated through the cloying scent of wet clay and mold .
she recognized this smell - dusty decay mixed with the spiced scent of mummification herbs .
from the opening , the perfumed scent of incense wafted out .
a chill breeze carried the scent , as if the room beyond were refrigerated .
nearby , birds sang from the treetops , and a scent of lavender almost overpowered the ever - present reek of sulfur from the volcanic vents .
he remembered the scent of her hair , the brush of her skin as she whispered in his ear , the heat of her breath on his neck .
he remembered joan 's lips at his ear , her breath on his neck , the scent of her hair .
she could smell a familiar scent .
his pupils dilated at the scent of nicotine .
seated stiffly in an upholstered chair , david continued to study the room , not moving , just picking up everything around him : the casual banter , the half jokes , the faint scent of perfume .
seated stiffly in an upholstered chair , david continued to study the room , not moving , just picking up everything around him : the casual banter , the half jokes , the faint scent of perfume .
the scent of lavender and hibiscus colored the garden paths , but all jack could smell was karen 's jasmine perfume .
the scent of lavender and hibiscus colored the garden paths , but all jack could smell was karen 's jasmine perfume .
the fruity scent of his jerked chicken rolled out as he cracked the door open .
first , a familiar and arousing scent filled the room .
` ` the flaming ban - ali symbol in the jungle ... the amount of smoke and the strong scent of it .
as soon as they entered under the bower of the shadowed forest , the scents of orchids and flowering vines filled the air , so thick they could almost taste it .
even the smell of the place was not the deserted mustiness of the tiny cabin , but the subtle scent of life .
as nate descended , cooking scents swelled around him .
once inside the tree 's entrance , nate again was struck by the scent , musky and sweet .
the air was fragrant with sea salt and the cinnamon scent of the mangrove forest .
over the course of the trek , he 'd grown attuned to the forest : the hushed whisper of a sea breeze through pine needles , the briny scent of loam and salt , the pattern of shadow and sunlight .
she leaned next to him , shoulder to shoulder , her jasmine perfume distracting .
it was a scent from a time before christ .
memories overlapped reality , triggered by the perfume of climbing jasmine and a deeper sandy scent of the old town .
memories overlapped reality , triggered by the perfume of climbing jasmine and a deeper sandy scent of the old town .
it smelled freshly of jasmine , her favorite flower and scent .
or maybe it was the shifting layer of white jasmine petals floating on the surface , the source of the room 's perfume .
the scent of jasmine , a pleasure earlier , was now cloying .
as he turned away , she caught a hint of his musky scent , a reminder of the man who once lay beside her , snoring in a tent .
incense burned atop the marble in a pair of matching bronze braziers , giving the room a medicinal scent .
omaha wound through the last of the stalls , passing shops selling knockoff perfumes , incense burners , bananas , tobacco , handcrafted jewelry , traditional dhofari dresses made of velvet and covered with beads and sequins .
the scent calmed her , reminding her of home , of mother , of security .
finally the air seemed to freshen , growing stronger , the scent of jasmine richer .
even among the vague memories of her childhood before the orphanage - foggy glimpses , scents , a whisper in the ear - there had never been a male figure , a father .
memories washed through him : the cinnamon - and - chocolate taste of her lips , the rich perfume of her damp hair , the heat of her breath on his neck , the soft moans , the rhythm of their entwined bodies , the caress of silk ...
gray 's me i led a hint of perfume on the envelope .
that had a bitter almond scent .
the odor of the room cloyed with strange scents .
her husband flooded back to her : his crooked grin , his galloping laugh , his dark eyes , the musky scent of his skin , the taste of his lips ... on and on .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of jasmine and orange blossoms .
pythia , long accustomed to apollo 's vapor , was still struck by the scent rising from below , smelling of almond blossoms .
as he walked , bleach burned his nose and masked a muskier scent .
a scent filled him , stirred him .
monk pulled her closer , catching a whiff of her hair and the scent of jasmine .
a sweetly sick scent wafted out .
as seichan drew near the open garage , she heard the whining sound of a saw motor , the bite of steel into wood , smelled the cedar scent of sawdust .
embers glowed in the fire - blackened cooking hearth , accompanied by the bitter scent of burned coffee .
he smelled the peach scent of her hair , mixed with something richer , almost spicy from her damp skin .
she smelled the scent of juniper and hot sand as she stared out across its expanse of buttes , stone reefs , and fluted canyon walls , striated in shades of gold and crimson .
kane continues to draw in the night , ever vigilant , painting the world around him in scents and sounds .
emphasizing this , the occasional breeze carried down the scent of wild - growing jasmine .
he moves against the breeze flowing from ahead , letting the scents wash over him , catching what he can with his upturned nose .
the smell of man fades behind him , carried away by the wind , leaving spaces for new scents .
the tall grass was mostly green , redolent of summer , the scent growing stronger as she crushed through blades with her slippers .
incense burned on the shores , too , and perfumed the gentle sea breeze with the scents of cloves , star anise , and sandalwood .
even the smells changed with every breeze : the sizzle of pork fat , the burn of thai spices , the pungent stink rising from the overflowing trash bins , the stale whiff of perfume from a woman passing close by .
and then she was gone , leaving behind only the scent of jasmine .
the scent of their bodies , their passion , still hung in the air .
a gust of warm wet air blew out , carrying a hospital scent without the antiseptic .
at the central lift , holden held his finger briefly over the button for the navigation deck , tempted by the prospect of ade tukunbo - her smile , her voice , the patchouli - and - vanilla scent she used in her hair - but pressed the button for the infirmary instead .
real cloth tapestries hung from the walls , and the scent of coffee and cinnamon came from an insert in her air filter that cost about a tenth of what the real foodstuffs would have .
not always with coffee and cinnamon scents , of course .
others opted for floral scents or semipheromones .
in a bowl naomi was mixing something that had the garlic scent of good hummus .
holden would n't have been surprised to find they were piping ' new space station ' scent into the air .
miller took a deep breath , the plastic - and - ozone scent of the suit 's air system filling his nose .
the air was filled with the competing scents of coffee , humidity from the shower , and the faintly grassy and floral scent tycho pumped into all the residences .
the air was filled with the competing scents of coffee , humidity from the shower , and the faintly grassy and floral scent tycho pumped into all the residences .
in the old tunnels this far up , the air smelled of recyclers - plastic and heat and artificial scents .
the rich scent of well - balanced soil was like incense .
the scents of the cargo bay washed over her .
a thousand scents hit her nose , competing for dominance .
all of them hit her at once , layered on top of each other and mixed with scents too exotic to name .
the air was warmer , and it smelled of bodies and fresh soil and the subtle , sharp scent of phenol disinfectant .
the air recycling system pumped in subtle scents handcrafted by the hotel 's in - house perfumer .
the air always seemed to have the faint scents of ozone and cheap food and piss .
even through the air filters , he caught the usually welcome scents of breakfast sausage and coffee .
she 'd put some reconstituted onion in with it , and the strong scent filled the kitchen .
a strong alcohol scent filled the room .
holden became aware of a faint scent of acetate in the air .
she could almost feel nami in her arms , almost smell the intoxicating new - baby scent on her head .
the first thing he knew was a slightly different scent in the air .
the air clung to him , the heat pressing at his skin , but he could imagine the bare metal of the drum 's surface covered in green , the air sweet with the scent of apple blossoms , the cycle of evaporation and condensation cooling it all .
drake rolled his chair over from his workstation , bringing with him a musky scent of his masculinity .
the scent of pine pitch swelled under the dripping canopy of the forest .
as his nasal passages continued to thaw , he also smelled the cedar scents from the wall planks , another psychological trick to mitigate for the lack of plants and greenery .
the only warning was a soft honeyed scent .
bright daylight flooded the dimly lit tunnel , accompanied by a sweet melange of scents undercut with the familiar muskiness of loam and rotted leaf .
at the rain forest 's edge , she inhaled the perfume of the jungle , trying to push down her terror .
a breeze stirred leaves , bringing the scent of forest blossoms , damp soil , and green life .
she breathed deeply , taking in the rich perfume of the jungle , trying to find her center , to keep panic at bay .
sea and rot perfumed the air , but the cool made the scent seem almost pleasant .
the hot smell of melting filament began to overpower the scent of peppers .
as soon as she stepped in the door , the rich scent of her sister - in - law 's gumbo thickening the air and making her mouth water , she heard her brother and nephew , voices raised .
his nose had become accustomed to the planet 's strange scents .
that the strangeness had already become normal , like the night scents of ilus .
he does this often , trying as of late to recapture that first - encounter smell - some mix of perfume and conditioner and core essence that once made his heart trip over itself .
the stink of human decay replaced with the scent of laundry detergent .
the scent of overripe apples skirts along on the breeze .
the air carried the scent of dying leaves .
the smell of booze like perfume in the air .
candy bar wrappers littered the floor and the air carried a moist , moldy scent , like the living space of a sixteen - year - old boy , but spiked with the caustic odor of stale coffee .
fresh perfumes mingled in the air , light and dewy .
but it was not until the scents of the beckoning grove began to trickle past her clogged nostrils that kendra felt a dangerous pull from the fruit .
with those deep breaths , the scents of the grove assaulted her as never before .
the scent of candle smoke still lingered so she opened the window , admitting a cold draft .
the refreshing scent intensified , then became richer and more varied .
using the pungent scent from the little bottle , she awoke dougan and finally tanu .
a rich perfume of blossoms saturated the air .
she loved the fresh , damp scent of rainfall .
she had an appointment with an assassin , and she was all too glad to be leaving the stuffy room , which stank of too many perfumes mingling .
the ocean spread before her , rippling waves , a scent of cold freshness .
the scents of a plateau run were the scents of a great stillness : baked stone , dried crem , long - traveled winds .
he breathed in deeply the scents of overloaded life .
-from the listener song of revision , 279th stanza torol sadeas closed his eyes and rested oathbringer on his shoulder , breathing in the sweet , moldy scent of parshendi blood .
it was early evening , and the familiar scent of stew was one of the most inviting things kaladin could imagine .
she had tyn 's perfume , but the alethi elite preferred frequent bathing and a clean scent - part of the wisdom of the heralds .
she had tyn 's perfume , but the alethi elite preferred frequent bathing and a clean scent - part of the wisdom of the heralds .
she could feel the air , smell the scents , hear the sounds of songlings in the brush .
he wore a faint cologne , a brisk woody scent .
lift skidded around a corner , dashed toward the nice scents , and burst into the kitchens .
they passed a leeward window , and kaladin stopped to breathe in the cool , fresh scent of open air .
* * * one hour later , shallan snuggled into a nest of warm blankets , wet hair on her neck , smelling of flowered perfume .
she had no makeup , no jewelry , no perfume , no properly fitting clothes , and only the most basic essentials for daily hygiene .
a breeze of dry air blew into the satellite - a scent cress had no comparison for .
it was nothing like the satellite or the machinery or sybil 's perfume .
the walls reeked with something pungent - not a bad scent , but too overpowering to be pleasant .
past the bridge , they found themselves in a circular lobby , with empty seating arrangements carved from dark wood , statues of mythical creatures circling the perimeter , and a jungle of potted bamboos and orchids giving the room a heady scent .
the musty scent of aged pages filled the space , and i wondered how saga managed to keep the books from rotting in the damp air .
once the musty scent of the cramped space hit my nose , i realized my error .
the morning had the scent and feel of a fresh start , but it was not to be .
the mustiness gave way to the scent of sweat , but also a smell like soap .
recognized the smell of her sweat , some subtle perfume behind it .
could almost smell her perfume .
the scent of limes hung in the air .
coming over the wall : the lime scent , the rich greens of the religious quarter .
a smoke smell , and a strong whiff of acidic perfume that came from a blossoming fungus like a light blue wineglass .
the crushing smell of a perfume more common to a funeral parlor .
the dirt of it , the stench of it , half perfume , half ribald rot .
and another smell underneath it - the tantalizing scent of fungi , of fruiting bodies , of spores entangled with dust and air , spiraling down like snow .
the fetid closeness and vastness , the multitude of smells , from the soothing scent of something like mint to the putrid stench of rotting fungi , like a dead animal ... and yet all my words make of me a liar .
a member of the nimblytod tribes , he had an affinity for tree climbing that no one could match , and a cut - bark scent that clung to him as if it was his birthright .
the sweet , pungent scent of honeysuckle wound itself around me .
imagine a courtyard with stone benches and willows and the scent of honeysuckle and sweet , good conversation .
the glint of his eye - through the summer sun , the crushed - mint scent from the garden beyond , and she , with eyes half - closed , listening to his voice but not hearing the question .
suddenly , the ever - present rot - mold - rain scent was missing from the air , replaced by the clean , boring smell of morrow .
this path , this love , can never lead me to you fast enough and yet , cruelly , reminds me of you in every way - from the rough rooftops where we sat and watched the sky turn to amber ash , to the gardens where your walking silhouette would confuse my mind with your scent , with the sight of pale perfect legs sheathed in clean white socks .
she was short but not slight , her frame neither fat nor thin , and from her shiny red hair to her custom - made emerald - green shoes , from the scent of perfume to the muted red dress that hung so naturally off of her shoulder , she radiated a sense of wealth and health .
she was short but not slight , her frame neither fat nor thin , and from her shiny red hair to her custom - made emerald - green shoes , from the scent of perfume to the muted red dress that hung so naturally off of her shoulder , she radiated a sense of wealth and health .
and , afterwards , intoxicated by the feel and scent of you , the taste of you on my hands , my lips , i swung happily back into the cold , certain i would see you the next night ; even the sudden tight prickle on my left arm , my right foot , that presaged spore - pain only added a spark to my mood .
she smelled like fear , her perfume gone sour .
the scent of the flowers drove out the scent of death .
` ` scents '' hung in the air , in clouds and yet not - clouds , ripples and veins of texture that were not ripples or veins of texture .
his tone was quiet as he stepped directly behind me , bring a wave of his scent and heat .
' now that the blizzard 's blown off , i 'll decorate the snowbanks up there near your bridge with footprints and perfume the bushes with our scent .
the roiling grey clouds and stiff winds of early spring are dramatic , but early summer is lush and warm and filled with the scent of urgent growth .
what really persuaded me , though , was the fact that the heavenly perfume wafting from the tavern i 'd probably been thrown out of the previous evening turned my stomach inside out right there on the spot .
there was a peculiar fragrance about delphaeus , a scent of new - mown hay .
he caught the faint scent of crushed grass , but the rest of the familiar fragrance that lingered about both danae and flute had been subtly changed .
his short , scraggly beard had been neatly trimmed , and there was a faint air of exotic perfume lingering about him .
part three ? ashaba chapter thirteen the road leading north from mal zeth passed through a fair , fertile plain where new - sprouted grain covered the damp soil like a low , bright green mist and the warm spring air was filled with the urgent scent of growth .
their horses , picketed not far away , snorted nervously , and garion could smell the sharp odor of their fear over the resinous scent of wet evergreens .
there was also a myriad of scents - of spices and cooking food , of rare perfumes , and of horse corrals .
there was also a myriad of scents - of spices and cooking food , of rare perfumes , and of horse corrals .
then , shortly before noon , a slight , vagrant breeze suddenly brought another scent to garion 's nostrils .
the scents of the grassland around them came sharply to garion 's nostrils as his ten - fold heightened sense of smell tasted the odors of the night .
the scents of stirring growth were in the air , and errand , riding easily behind belgarath , could feel aldur 's presence as they pressed deeper into the vale .
once , when polgara was playing with the baby , adara rode with errand to the top of a nearby hill and there she told him about how the perfume she wore originated .
she curtsied again and quietly left the room , the musky fragrance of the scent she wore lingering in the air behind her .
the resinous smell of the tall evergreens was a heady perfume , and birds swooped and spiraled among the tall , columnlike trunks , caroling to greet the sun .
drawn by color or scent or some other , more mysterious urge , it wavered through the lucid air to the pool and the flowers bobbing there .
the smell of burning peat grew stronger - a strangely homelike scent .
he remembered the small , cool shop where , as an untitled commoner , mahkra had sold brass ewers , candied sweetmeats , and exotic perfumes while the bright sunlight reflected blindingly from the thick , white walls across the street .
he remembered the soft , dark nights filled with the clinging perfume of lillias , mahkra 's sulking mistress , and of the beginning of each day when he had arisen and gone to the window to watch the women going to the wells in the steel - grey light of sunless dawn .
he opened the red - painted door and went inside the hallway he entered was dim and filled with the cloyingly sweet scent of cheap perfume .
that perfume you 're wearing is beginning to turn my stomach . '
he could also catch the familiar scents of rendor .
there was the cloying fragrance of heavy perfumes , and overlaying it all was the persistent reek of the stockyards .
the street was filled with noise and with those peculiarly rendorish scents spices , perfumes and the pervading odour of smoking olive oil .
when ara went to veltan 's map - room to tell the men assembled there that dinner was ready , she was exuding that most primitive of scents , and jalkan , as she 'd anticipated , responded with a few off - color remarks that clearly indicated that he expected things to go much further .
damp rust seemed to be a major part of it , although the reek of stagnant water was also present , and the musty scent of fungus .
but , oddly , the smell that came sharpest to his confused memory was the sun - warmed scent of princess ce'nedra 's hair .
at first he thought the faint hint of warmer air might only be his imagination , but then he caught the scent of trees and grass in the musty air of the cave , and he knew that somewhere ahead there lay an opening - a way out .
her proximity and her light , spicy perfume distracted him as they sat close beside each other , and he perspired as much from their occasional touch of hand or arm or hip as he did from the climate .
faint hints of that smell had been coming to him on the wind for the past league or so , but now , inhaling deeply , he breathed in that perfume of the sea for the first time in his life .
faint perfume scent - expensive but in excellent taste ; from the incomparable mrs . sofrit 's on upper bond .
faint perfume scent - expensive but in excellent taste ; from the incomparable mrs . sofrit 's on upper bond .
the cool air stirred , bringing with it the familiar scents of dampness , dry ether , burning coal , and sewage .
and beneath the musty , damp smell of this antiquities - ridden chamber i scented a hint of the perfume that had clung to her message .
i could smell the clean , lemony scent of his skin and see the freckles on his large , square , capable hands .
everything was as pristine as it had been the day she left , but now , a year later , i could no longer smell the soft lily of the valley scent that had always permeated the space .
he smelled pleasant , like german cedar , lemon , and mediterranean sandalwood , with an underlying scent of - mechanical grease ?
the sandalwood and lemon scents were likely from his shaving lotion .
but i was very familiar with the smell of saltwater , algae , and fish that lingered near the docks , and when those aromas drowned out the perfumes from my companions , i realized we 'd reached the east end and shipping yards on the thames .
an odd scent lingered in the air , and i sniffed .
but overriding that musty scent was a pleasant smoky and minty aroma coming from the man behind me .
the enticing scents wafting down from the carts selling items like roasted apple puffs , vanilla - stick coffees , and flaming carrots were all the urging i needed to dig out five pence for our entrance to the street - lift .
in this proximity , even nearer than we 'd been while arm wrestling , i became aware of that pleasant , minty scent i 'd noticed before .
the powder was burning more quickly than i 'd anticipated , and the floral scent was distinct .
the geranium scent was still strong in the air , and the powder had turned an interesting shade of honey .
i could smell a hint of pix 's minty scent mixed with wood smoke under the thick layer of opium .
and then thick , curling red smoke snaked up from the bowl , bringing with it a stronger rush of the exotic scent .
mingled with the scent of miss adler 's favorite tea ( the aforementioned darjeeling ) , as well as a hint of her preferred perfume ( gardenia ) , was also the faint odor of antiquity and even a little mustiness , though my mentor was meticulous about keeping her office dusted and swept .
mingled with the scent of miss adler 's favorite tea ( the aforementioned darjeeling ) , as well as a hint of her preferred perfume ( gardenia ) , was also the faint odor of antiquity and even a little mustiness , though my mentor was meticulous about keeping her office dusted and swept .
the bitter scent of ale wafted to my nose .
` ` i ' ve already had breakfast , and from the dried jam on your chin and the faint scent of spilled coffee emitting from your handkerchief , i can see you have done as well .
the scents of flaming carrots , shredded - meat pies , puffed plums , and frothy vanilla teas filtered through the air .
flowers bloomed everywhere , filling the air with a sweet , floral scent and covering up the unpleasant stench of london .
dylan bent closer to me than was strictly necessary , and i found myself surrounded by a pleasant male scent as he replied , ` ` shall i distract miss norton for a few minutes ?
the scent of water was in the air , and i knew we were approaching the eponymously titled river walk .
i did the same to him , noting that he 'd recently changed shaving lotion scents , ridden his steamcycle this morning in lieu of the underground , and had purchased new shoes within the last day or two .
and a heavy , metallic scent .
he smelled of swamp water , which was n't the most pleasant scent in the world .
i grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him against me , loving the solid feel of his body as it bumped into mine and the scent of him coming up and surrounding me .
my face was pressed up against his shirt , and i could smell his sweat mixed with the sweet scent of his aftershave .
the earth smelled wet and almost sour as our feet trod across it and stirred up the scents .
one had the light scent of flowers , and the other smelled more like the harsh kind of cleanser they had at my school in the art room - the stuff we used to wash the paint off our hands .
they found a little alcove in an abandoned warehouse , where the smell of fish and salt and rotting meat mixed with the scent of flowers that covered the grounds nearby .
ice had formed in its shaggy grey fur , and the faint smell of corruption clung to it like a woman 's perfume .
the godswood there was a garden , bright and airy , where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams , birds sang from hidden nests , and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers .
the girl brushed her hair until it shone like molten silver , while the old woman anointed her with the spiceflower perfume of the dothraki plains , a dab on each wrist , behind her ears , on the tips of her br**sts , and one last one , cool on her lips , down there between her legs .
inside the manse , the air was heavy with the scent of spices , pinchfire and sweet lemon and cinnamon .
now it was perfume that clung to him like perfume , and he had a girth to match his height .
the horselords might put on rich fabrics and sweet perfumes when they visited the free cities , but out under the open sky they kept the old ways .
other gifts she was given in plenty by other dothraki : slippers and jewels and silver rings for her hair , medallion belts and painted vests and soft furs , sandsilks and jars of scent , needles and feathers and tiny bottles of purple glass , and a gown made from the skin of a thousand mice .
the air was warm and heavy with the scent of flowers , and the woods here had a gentle beauty that sansa had never seen in the north .
the air was rich with the scents of earth and grass , mixed with the smell of horseflesh and dany 's sweat and the oil in her hair .
i remember the smells of those nights , my lord - perfume and sweat , melons ripe to bursting , peaches and pomegranates , nightshade and moonbloom .
fat sausages sizzled and spit over firepits , spicing the air with the scents of garlic and pepper .
when the wind blew , she could smell the rich scents of grass and earth .
as irri and jhiqui helped her from her litter , she sniffed , and recognized the sharp odors of garlic and pepper , scents that reminded dany of days long gone in the alleys of tyrosh and myr and brought a fond smile to her face .
under that she smelled the heady sweet perfumes of lys .
she did take a dozen flasks of scented oils , the perfumes of her childhood ; she had only to close her eyes and sniff them and she could see the big house with the red door once more .
the perfume of the arbor .
she had loved the scent of winter roses .
he caught the scent of garlic sausage , spiced and savory , so tempting it made his empty stomach growl .
it gave the smoke a spicy scent , a pleasant enough smell , yet eroeh fled sobbing , and dany was filled with fear .
chapter sixty - five arya the scent of hot bread drifting from the shops along the street of flour was sweeter than any perfume arya had ever smelled .
chapter sixty - five arya the scent of hot bread drifting from the shops along the street of flour was sweeter than any perfume arya had ever smelled .
the smells filled his head , alive and intoxicating ; the green muddy stink of the hot pools , the perfume of rich rotting earth beneath his paws , the squirrels in the oaks .
he could smell his brother too , a familiar scent , strong and earthy , his scent as black as his coat .
the scent of sour wine and garlic clung to varys instead of lavender .
someone had gotten a fire started ; he could smell woodsmoke drifting through the trees , and the smoky scent of bacon .
the scent of cinnamon filled the hall as osney kettleblack slipped in to kneel once more between them .
she placed the food at his elbow and did as he bid her , filling the room with flickering light and the scent of cloves .
... smelled the scent on the summer air .
he remembered their scents , his brothers and his sisters .
they passed within inches of each other , him descending and her climbing , so close that he could smell the clean fresh scent of her hair .
a single candle lit the gloom , spicing the air with the scent of jasmine .
only her scent lingered after .
cool green light filtered down through the diamond - shaped panes of colored glass set in the sloping triangular walls , and a breeze was blowing gently through the terrace doors , carrying the scents of fruit and flowers from the garden beyond .
the smell of his sweat was an earthy answer to the sweet perfumes that drenched the astapori .
the sudden stench of charred meat overwhelmed even his perfume , and his wail seemed to drown all other sound .
she brought a dozen of the queen 's favorite scents as well .
the air was thick with the smell of them , a cloying cidery scent that was almost overwhelming .
he could hear them talking , and there beneath the scents of rain and leaves and horse came the sharp red stench of fear ... chapter forty - one jon the ground was littered with pine needles and blown leaves , a carpet of green and brown still damp from the recent rains .
the cushion was dented where she 'd sat , the cloth was still warm , and her scent lingered in the air .
her aunt was drenched in sweet scent , though under that was a sour milky smell .
in the closeness of the passage , the queen could smell the other woman 's perfume , a musky scent that spoke of moss and earth and wildflowers .
in the closeness of the passage , the queen could smell the other woman 's perfume , a musky scent that spoke of moss and earth and wildflowers .
ser arys could smell the perfume in her hair and feel her heart beating as she pressed against him .
a small , damp man , he smelled as if he had bathed in perfume and spoke a bastard form of high valyrian , much corrupted and flavored with a thick ghiscari growl .
the next hill was covered with pines , and the sharp scent of their needles filled the air .
reek 's stomach rumbled noisily at the scents , and his mouth began to water .
cities were like women , he insisted ; each one had its own unique scent .
the air was heavy with the scent of night - blooming flowers .
she drank in the scent of him , savoring the warmth of his flesh , the feel of his skin against her own .
the candles burning in the temple had scents as well ; even the unscented ones gave off faint wisps of smoke from their wicks .
she could feel its heat , and the scent that it gave off tickled her nose .
at the sailmender 's the smoky air was always spiced with the scent of roasting meat .
the house of seven lamps was fragrant with incense , the satin palace with the perfumes of pretty young girls who dreamed of being courtesans .
the air was redolent with the scents of saffron , cinnamon , cloves , pepper , and other costly spices .
inside , the smells changed hour by hour - an ever - changing perfume of roast meats , leeks and onions , fresh - baked bread .
ser barristan took his leave , grateful to leave the stench of the seneschal 's perfume behind him .
ser barristan could smell the seneschal 's heavy floral perfume from several yards away .
their holds were packed with trade goods , wines and silks and spices , rare woods and rarer scents , but the ships themselves were the true prize .
the scent of roasting coffee from a small cafe followed her as she trotted around the flowering window boxes and stone - carved benches that lined the alley .
but as levana stepped into the room and the lights flickered on , casting the room in a serene glow , it was exactly as she remembered it , even the very faint scent of her sister 's perfume .
but as levana stepped into the room and the lights flickered on , casting the room in a serene glow , it was exactly as she remembered it , even the very faint scent of her sister 's perfume .
my lips work greedily along her neck , tasting smoke and perfume .
i take a deep breath , taking comfort in her warmth and the sweet scent of her hair .
electric lights are on the ceiling ; a faint but distinct scent of mold and rust lingers in the air .
the fur - lined velvet , the warmth of his body , and the scent of his perfume enclosed her .
the fur - lined velvet , the warmth of his body , and the scent of his perfume enclosed her .
she was alone in the beauty , surrounded by flowers , perfumed by a cloud of orange perfume .
as other workmen in other wagons broke more barrels , the cool scent of the ocean drifted through the air .
chartres waved the stopper beneath her nose , releasing a delicate tendril of scent .
` ` i beg your pardon , monsieur - but my nose is filled with the scent of roses , and i can not compare another fragrance . ''
she dared not tell monsieur his favorite perfume overwhelmed her and made her think of lorraine .
her perfume might emanate from those blossoms .
the air was thick with smoke , sweat , and perfume .
smoke dribbled from between her lips and mixed with the sweet scent of orange blossoms .
the notes painted a background of distant deserts and gardens , dangerous adventures , exotic scents and songs .
but the crystal chandeliers still burned brightly , perfuming the room with the scent of hot beeswax .
the scent of fruit and flowers filled her nostrils .
the wolf fur warmed her , and it smelled of lorraine 's musky scent , the scent monsieur had also offered her .
the wolf fur warmed her , and it smelled of lorraine 's musky scent , the scent monsieur had also offered her .
marie - josephe could hardly bring herself to pass ; the scents made her mouth water .
the scent of apples softened the harsh spirits .
his musky perfume tickled her nose , as the curl of his perruke tickled her cheek when he bent down to whisper to her .
his musky scent overpowered the sharp sweetness of monsieur 's swooning compound .
kneeling on the bed beside her , lorraine covered her with his musky scent .
hot blood flowed through pain , its coppery scent cutting through lorraine 's heavy perfume .
hot blood flowed through pain , its coppery scent cutting through lorraine 's heavy perfume .
lorraine 's perfume surrounded her .
your perfume , your sweat , the secrets of your body ... '' she turned away , embarrassed , flustered .
horse sweat , human sweat , dung , smoke , and perfume mingled with the scent of orange blossoms and the cool sharp air of september .
horse sweat , human sweat , dung , smoke , and perfume mingled with the scent of orange blossoms and the cool sharp air of september .
the sun 's heat rose around her like a tropical sea , bringing with it the scent of crushed grass .
24 the gold sunbursts , the gilded candle - stands covered with fresh flowers , the scent of orange blossoms and heavy perfume , the elaborate hangings and the exquisite paintings oppressed marie - josephe .
24 the gold sunbursts , the gilded candle - stands covered with fresh flowers , the scent of orange blossoms and heavy perfume , the elaborate hangings and the exquisite paintings oppressed marie - josephe .
mme lucifer and mlle d'armagnac pressed him close between them , crushing him with their touch , their voices , their perfume .
lotte and madame and their retinue departed , leaving behind the rustle of petticoats , the fragrance of rare perfumes , the echoes of their whispers .
i put one hand on her back and i inhale her scent .
dominique sang quietly to himself , as if daydreaming out loud : i have culled that lovely rosebud , i have culled that lovely rosebud , i have culled petal by petal , filled my apron with its scent ... ` ` it 's a good thing you can sing about it , brother , '' remarked la vierge .
nor did it hurt to eat , something he appreciated as he inhaled the scent of the roasting meat .
i automatically shifted my head and my eyes in the direction of the scent .
her soft clean scent floated towards me .
i caught a whiff of a heavy perfume and had to force myself not to crinkle my nose .
she pushed open the door and my nose was assaulted with more foul smelling perfume and surprisingly mens cologne and sex .
i cleared my throat with the intention of telling them exactly what i thought when i was suddenly bombarded with the most amazing scent .
my beloveds scent .
then i was assaulted by the scent of lilacs and vanilla .
then i caught a whiff of her lavender and cherry blossom scent .
for they are the very first jasmines , who will spread their branches , take root , and suffuse the world in the glorious scent of truth .
kneeling down , her mind was filled with waterfalls and the scents of millions of flowers .
the room was dimly - lit , with the light scent of roses .
when she left the confessional she felt so light that it was almost as if she could fly and there was a heavenly scent of roses so strong it almost made her dizzy .
stacy took the rose and drank in its heavenly scent .
i walked around trying to pick up a sent , i could smell perfume and lot of it .
she laughed and came closer to me , she smelt strongly of perfume .
i was about to give up when a familiar scent hit me .
i lifted the cover off ; i could smell the scent of anja getting stronger .
the tangy scent of tomato sauce drifts up from my plate .
the testosterone is so thick in the air it might soon have a sharper scent than the tomato - rich pizza .
the scent of hot dogs and french fries carries on the ocean breeze , and my stomach noisily lets me know its past dinner .
the room smells faintly of the floral - scented perfume she sometimes wears .
he straightens until there s enough distance between us that i can breathe without smelling his clean scent .
the sweet scent of the red roses with baby breath fills my nostrils .
the scent of cinnamon , fresh cut flowers , and laundry detergent greeted me .
i extended my arm to grab the flowers , bringing them up to my nose to inhale their sweet scent .
as i reached down to grab her collar , i noticed that the air had a strong scent of roses .
the taste and scent of her nightmares rose like fire in her throat , and alanki was searing with fury , her own blood pounding in her ears .
seelook , her scents on this tree .
the air in the hollow , always fresh and spicy with the sharp scent of palvas herbs , was buzzing as though it were filled with tiny , apprehensive insects .
but her scent still lingers .
pemona holds the single flower , cutting the stem with her baby flash blade , smelling the sweet fruity scent , closing her eyelashes and enjoys the beautiful comforting prettily moment .
they did nt die just sleep awhile then bloom and produce a sweet scent of honey nectar .
i lounge lazy pondering the homesick scents , tastes , and senses of my cotton farm , my home at starbuck plantation , on earth in milky way galaxy .
i seek an odd odor then sniff the container , realizing the odd scent and body pull back from the royal trash receptacle since i smell the royal garage .
someone enters the room as i awake , not moving my body out of the cot but i smell her perfume .
he closed his eyes a moment and sighed deeply , smelling the familiar scents of the ocean .
his hair was still damp from the shower and i had to restrain myself from too - obviously inhaling his unique scent .
i savoured her touch and drew in the fresh scent of her hair .
she has obviously been up a while , because as usual , he hair is neatly tied back in a bun , her makeup is done and she smells like perfume from previous experiences , i know it normally takes her just under an hour to do all this .
i smell the almost forgotten yet familiar scent of her skin , and feel her long hair rest on my shoulders as i hold her in my arms .
though i was feeling pretty down , i was still in awe as i looked around at the massive beams , beautiful rugs , large , overstuffed leather furniture and the strong scent of pine that permeated the huge log interior .
blue inhaled deeply , separating each scent and assigning it a name and location of origin as best she could .
the alluring scent of his cologne .
a little closer and she could smell his delicious scent more fully .
her eyes closed and her back arched as sam inhaled the scent of her skin , the gold fog clouding what was left of her focus with its twinkling allure .
you ll need to change out of your clothes and wear elles for her scent .
the label bragged of an herbal goodness , and when she squeezed some into her hand , the pungent scent matched the description on the bottle with an artificially sweet stench that masked itself as natural .
she inhaled his scratch - laced scent and stored it in her memory , not wanting to exhale him out of her senses .
of course , blue was born without the signature scent , but as soon as josephine introduced blue as the wayward servant liam hired to help with the housework , there was nothing for it .
he then felt a familiar gentle scent .
oh , my dear , i am happy that my scent delights you , but we really have to hurry .
outside , the wood seemed unchanged but the air did not seem so dank and heavy , and there was a gathering scent of fresh , dew - tipped grass .
a slight perfume issued from the flowers , heady and piquant .
the teas scent was inviting , but that was the pointit smelled exactly like the flowers by the river , the ones with a scent that had almost drawn them into the kaylo trap .
the teas scent was inviting , but that was the pointit smelled exactly like the flowers by the river , the ones with a scent that had almost drawn them into the kaylo trap .
even if they tried not to inhale the fumes from the bowls , the nature of the chamber meant they could not draw breath without taking in lungfuls of the sickly sweet perfume .
her head hummed with burnt perfume , and the taste in her mouth was a tepid , bitter rosewater .
hurriedly , she tossed me into her oversized pocket book with the rest of her change , where it smelled of stale perfume and chewing gum .
his scent mixed with the cologne he wore .
i let my eyes move up again knowing i sensed his shaving cream scent in anticipation of seeing his face .
i d held the scent in my mind as i dozed off .
the scent of different spices that reminded me of hayes was luscious and rich like the room .
hayes , his name came out shaky and with a swallow of air , his scent consuming me as always .
he could smell the strange scent of the birds and the cold winter air that blew in through the broken windows .
he could detect the fragrant scent of pine trees intermingled with the aromatic scents of blooming pontal , mixed in with the unmistakable trace of water .
he could detect the fragrant scent of pine trees intermingled with the aromatic scents of blooming pontal , mixed in with the unmistakable trace of water .
while eating their dinner and chatting amicably back and forth over the days events , steves nostrils flared as he picked up the scent from sarahs flowers .
they could smell the nearby pine trees ; they could detect traces of moisture coming from the large freshwater lake sitting off in the distance as well as pick up the fragrant scent of numerous wildflowers all scattered about .
even though the two of them lived in the northern idaho panhandle , and coeur dalene sat in the middle of a forest bearing its name , the scents assailing them now were nothing like what they could smell from their property back home .
they curled my hair , painted on as much make - up as an egyptian princess , drenched me in perfume , and threw me in a cinderella dress .
the sweet scent drifted all around her .
a strong scent of manure wafted past as the wagon raced through the meadow .
she snuggled into him , inhaling the manly scent of his skin , comfort washing over her , if only for a second .
she could smell his woody scent , and her skin still felt his light caress on her bare arms .
rae inhaled deeply , taking in a mingled sense of fresh paint and the unique scent of antiques .
the cute boy rolled off , but not before she got a thrill from the smell of his musky scent with a hint of delicious aftershave .
she inhaled the scent of fresh - cut grass and evergreen trees .
the scent of devons musky cologne wafted over her .
rae sat back to concentrate better , but the lure of his cologne tempted her to lean forward again and smell his delicious scent .
but here , only the scent of salt in the air reminded her that she lived on the coast .
her face rested perfectly in the curve of his neck , allowing his manly scent to infiltrate her airways .
his scent engulfed her , hitting her like a tidal wave that she could nt stand up against .
she could still smell his manly scent , swirling around her and latching on to her .
he inhaled , taking in her sweet scent .
its the way she smiles , her wittiness , her scent , her baby blue eyes and the way she hides behind her glasses when she s nervous .
his scent filled the air and she closed her eyes , relishing his alluring aroma of sandalwood and bergamot .
she could taste his lips on hers and smell his scent .
his scent filled the air and her body quivered with each breath she took .
my nostrils inhale the scent of wet hay , dust , and a far gone hint of manure : a barn .
do nt want to remember i try to think of nothing , but my senses wo nt allow this , so i focus on the smells , and catalog the scents in my head .
the breeze is at my back , and the scent drifts up to me , makes me feel warm and secure even though all day i ve been jittery from the adrenaline rush earlier .
faintly , beneath the squeaky clean scents of pine sol and lemon - scented dawn and bleach .
and then it comes : a wisp of scent , delicious meat smell , tender and young and fresh and i am lost -31- a screaming wail wakens me .
her musky woodsy scent drifts up to me , fills all the air i breathe .
a familiar girl , wrapped in my scent .
i have to walk right up to her see what s in front of your eyes and put my hands on her face , feel her skin , smell her woodsy scent , before i am sure : this is real .
-43- i lie awake while kayla sleeps , her scent of forest fur winter filling my nostrils .
the backpack oozes other scents just as strange .
a faint gardenia - scented perfume .
my eyes are narrowed so much that most of the time i m walking they re closed , and i find my way by the sound of kayla crunching through snow ahead of me and the odd assortment of scents from her second hand clothes .
( they re nearly here , now daniel now ) the scent hits me .
she smells cold and clean , pure and wild , that faint lilac scent musky and inviting .
the scents are stronger , piney forest and earth , a flower ready to bloom .
neon lights , rumbling motors , scents of gasoline and fried foods .
the smell of fresh pine takes over my sense of smell , a pleasant change from the strong scent of manure coming from the barn .
senses on high alert , sensitive to every small sound , every new scent that wafts in , every slight breeze that rustles the trees .
its a sudden scent of musk and heavy fur and lilacs ?
a prickling scent awakens me in the late morning .
i smell a familiar scent a train and suddenly i am transported .
i imagine i can smell kayla , her lilac - wild scent , her hair falling over her bare shoulder .
the words came from an older lady who swept into the room , bringing a choking cloud of perfume with her .
there was also no escaping his strong male scent ; a combination of soap and cologne and something that belonged only to him .
their heady scent was overwhelming .
i lift the pot 's lid and inhale the scent of lamb and root vegetables cooking in the thick brown stock .
his mother still smells the same : jasmine and a funny burnt orange scent that i ' ve always liked .
for a while he just stands next to me as i breath in the scent of dead vegetation , then he turns me to face him .
he smells of clean soap and something more metallic , like his bells -- a scent that is uniquely his .
i just stood there , inhaling his scent deeply and sighed .
i felt a shiver run up my spine as he breathed in my scent deeply .
reveling in the glorious scent of their fragrance , i forget for a moment why i am even here .
chuckling , she draws me close , and i smell the tangy scent of apple pie on her robes again .
memories rush to the forefront of my mind , memories that carry scents of cookies , christmas , and bedtime stories .
the tang of lamp oil as well as sweet perfumes drift toward me .
i can almost smell the scent of wild flowers on the remembered breeze .
andras leans down , his lips parted , and inhales the scent of the girl 's neck , then frowns .
i lean close , inhaling the familiar scent of his cologne and sweat .
i throw my arms around his neck once more and pull him close , inhaling the wonderful scent of him .
the mogs naturally good at tracking , bent down took in a deep breath inhaling her scent that reminded eli of lilacs .
toby asked whispering in her ear and smelling her sweet perfume .
the lingering smell of megans perfume was a reminder that toby had a girlfriend and lyssa was nt it .
he kissed her neck smelling her sweet perfume .
i closed my eyes and ran my nose along his jaw line , inhaling his scent but it was scott 's face i imagined .
i felt a throb between my legs as i inhaled his scent .
he was now just inches from me so i could smell the scent of his cologne and sweat .
i inhaled slowly , catching his scent once more .
the scent of his cologne still lingered in the air , masculine with a hint of sweetness .
their scent was sweet and to my reliefcalming .
i could feel the heat radiate from him mixing with the cool air of meropsis and the sweet pungent scent of the roses .
i could smell the fresh air filled with the sweet scent of wildflowers growing in the openness of the meadows that were surrounded by the tall curtains of trees framing it .
smelling the scents of fresh baked bread and spicy soup , my steps quickened .
as i put on my shirt , i could still detect cassius familiar woodsy scent mixed in .
the floral scent reminded me of every moment we had shared .
and the scent was heavenly , just like an orangesicle .
i took it and pulled it to my face , closing my eyes as i tried to memorize the scent .
the scent of fuchsias , honeysuckle , and wild heather danced on the breeze .
the briny air carried the scent of fresh mown hay , and a dampness that clung like a wet towel .
when he stepped into the water he smelled a familiar fruity scent .
the scent of cherry wood tobacco swirled around angus and he sat in stunned silence .
he buried his face in her long , dark hair and hugged her close to him , inhaling her salty scent .
the sand was warm , the birds singing , the air full of pine scent .
i use my most favorite scent in the world , aruba coconut .
i breathe in his scent , but say nothing because there are no words to express my feelings and gratitude for what he has done for me .
i offered it to him , and he inhaled the scent of me .
unknown perfumes wafted across the lagoon , underscored by the warm wetness of rotting plant life .
apart from fish and other seafood that must inhabit the waters of the bay in abundance , his oversensitive nostrils seduced him with the perfume of tropical fruit .
the wind also brought the scent of baal - aarsh melons , which looked like volcanic rocks on the outside but were the most intense sunset orange within .
now that they had left , even though the salt air was invigorating in his nostrils , he missed the islands rich perfume , wished he had brought some token as a present for his people .
i drown in his addictive scent ; an elegant fusion of cedar wood , and mint .
my knees weakening , i stumble and fall on a pot of butterfly weed , the orange scent flooding my nostrils .
i still smell his lingering scent and yet my heart has frozen .
i still smell the pale blue envelope , the blood from my nose and the grass , the green leaves and the scent of oak trees and butterfly weed .
she opens the door , and a scent of calla lilies floods my nostrils before i see over a dozen bouquets in front of me .
i smell his scent , hear his chuckle , and feel the seductive strength of his lips .
its not just the polished , glamorous appearance of the faces staring back at me , not the smell of their expensive perfumes , nor the priceless heavy , corset - like costumes that cling on their bodies , but also the roomthe fortress in which they stand .
with caution , i sit in the driver 's seat , my nose taking in the leather scent .
megan floods my nostril with the scent of strawberry shampoo from her jet - black curls as she hugs me .
in my mind , i replay everything as it happened , all the kisses in order , and now his scent is all i can smell .
you re early , i say , breathing in a scent of fresh calla lilies .
in breathless anticipation , i inhale his scent and move my hesitate lips to touch his .
the doors open and a rush of rich perfumes floods my nostrils .
zachary steps closer ; close enough to drown my nose in his virile scent .
he turns to face me and moves behind me , as i did , pausing to inhale the scent of my hair .
she wears the sweetest perfume ever .
my head by his chest , i breathe in his scent , and tell myself this is not john delucas scent , but my fathers .
i want that i take in a lungful of the scent and snatch my hand from sean .
his scent is satisfying part of my cravings .
i do nt know if its the color of her dress , but a unique , hunger - calling scent travels down my throat to sit at the bottom of my stomach .
the unique , fresh scent passes through my nose again , making my mouth flood with saliva .
i ask , but its that scent again .
outside my door , i pause adjusting to a whiff of a mouthwatering scent .
i breathe , absorbing his scent , and swallow the relief i imagine his blood would give me .
as his lips nibble on mine , the scent changes .
his scent reminds me of the things i miss .
i sink deeper into his arms , my nose taking in his scent while his broken breaths fill my eyes with tears .
he smells gooda strong fresh scent carrying a hint of lavender .
i appreciate the sweet smell of the rose , but its his scent my senses desires more .
quietly , i gasp at the sound of his laughter and wrap my arms around him , remembering his warm embrace , his scent , the smooth texture of his hair through my fingers , and remembering him the whole of him .
his scent takes me back , reminding me who he is ; the boy i fell in love with , never having fallen out of love with him .
i step nearer to chan , close enough to breathe his scent , and resist it .
however , i welcome the breeze carrying the freshwater scent from the river that s running along the highway .
i smile and breathe in his scent again .
his hair more lustrous than that of a lady , and his scent i breathe , rubbing my nose with his , and look into his eyes again .
his scent enthralling , enticing if not seductive , and surely i gasp as his hands slide up my waist to my chest .
i smell his scent , and in another minute , the door opens .
familiar scent brushes past my nose .
i d think the scent would bring me comfort , but no ; it only called on a hunger that turned into a desperate need , a yearning to have you in my arms .
his scent is inviting me to give in to him .
but i hold my temper and breathe in as his masculine scent fills my nostrils .
i take a sip from my drink , and suddenly the taste , the scent , and everything in it takes me back to zachary .
he comes an inch closer , and now i give in to his scent .
chapter two onlookers bodies brushed against janelle as she hooked her arm under one of vortex guys , holding her breath against someones perfume .
the scents of coffee and leather luggage filled the air .
i inhaled the salty scent of the ocean , with its hint of coconut .
coconut palms dotted the sand , and the sweet scent of flowers wafted in the breeze .
we are pressed so close that i can smell brians sweat mixed with the stinging scent of bleach .
for the first time it is not with dreamys singing or scent .
her scent draws the poison from me and i drift to sleep wrapped in her sweet embrace .
the lips , the curve of his jaw , his scent .
the scent wafts through the air to my nostrils to make me swoon with anticipation .
the returned soul sets the cups of cake on the table and we all lean - in to breathe in the scent .
in pure defiance , i breathe in the scent of the souffl while druella places one of the scrumptious desserts that overflows from its cup in front of each of us .
it is like the scent of the cake , it makes me feel as if floating toward the ceiling .
the scent infiltrates my nostrils and massages my brain with gentle fingers .
on second thought , it was something i breathed in , a familiar scent that flared my nostrils .
i want more of that scent and inhale as deeply as i can .
when i sniff the air , burnt vanilla is the main scent that comes to me .
william the baker had ceased his work for the evening , giving the air only a lingering reminder of the so sweet scents of day .
the strong perfume of the soaps swiftly permeated the room .
her nostrils were assailed with the scent of salted beef and dried fruit .
the old man was hovering over my face , close enough that i could smell the strong espresso on his breatha similar scent my father used to have on his before he went from coffee to alcoholalong with his cologne .
all around me was the mild , sweet scent of pollen ... so pleasant ... so healing ... with the abundance of picturesque pinkness hanging above me , i could nt help but bow in awe to mother nature .
i said , noticing for the first time how nice he smelleda crisp , natural scent ; no cologne , no deodorant , just a hint of cool menthol shower gel and the rest was all him , all sasuke .
there was the taste , the scents , the slight hints of milk , apple , depending on where your let your mouth , your tongue , roam .
she was enjoying taking in the sight of the magnificent shopping street , which was filled the scent of freshly - baked goods , when a high - pitched voice cut through her quiet moment .
what reece was having difficulty with , was the fact that every time she inhaled of the scent of his rich , masculine cologne , it gave her an overwhelming desire to lean into him , bringing her face in closer to where his black silk cravat covered his neck .
she smiled at the rich scent of levis cologne lingering on her hands and coat .
she rested her head against his chest , inhaling deeply the rich , masculine scent she had so desperately missed .
there were a thousand other scents , some of them only just detectible to me in this form , but it was the cedar and sagebrush that formed the bulwark upon which all of the other scents rested .
there were a thousand other scents , some of them only just detectible to me in this form , but it was the cedar and sagebrush that formed the bulwark upon which all of the other scents rested .
you know that i ' ve sprinkled scents from nearly all of the pack into that perfume mixture .
i inhaled to take in a bigger than normal lungful of her scent , which caused her to turn and look at me .
i took a deep breath of the sweet scent and then opened my eyes and took in the rest of the room .
i got closer to the panel in question and sampled the scents coming off of it .
walnut , lacquer and a host of other scents that one would expect , but there were three scents that were fine at first blush , but which i realized were the key to what donovan was trying to tell me .
walnut , lacquer and a host of other scents that one would expect , but there were three scents that were fine at first blush , but which i realized were the key to what donovan was trying to tell me .
the exhaust whipped away behind us , but not before filling the air with a burning , artificial scent that ruined my sense of smell .
i took a deep , preparatory breath and had a second to revel in jasmin and jessica 's scent .
for another , he could smell dead fish amongst the nicer scents of needles and flowers .
she stood and quickly collapsed onto her aunts bed , face nestled into her pillow , breathing in the scent of her aunts perfume .
but the books were all gone now , rescued when their headquarters had been taken over by them , and a musty , mildew scent had settled into the pores of the surrounding wood .
the scent of perfume and sweat clouded around them , twisting jesses stomach into knots .
the scent of perfume and sweat clouded around them , twisting jesses stomach into knots .
the smell of his cologne intoxicated me and i wanted to lick the scent out of the air to taste its sweetness .
26 when mike and i arrived home , the myriad scents of the cream sam mans universe remained , like leeches , stubbornly attached to our clothing and exposed skin as well .
our bedroom did nt assume that infamous pub perfume during the overnight hours , which was a rare and appreciated bonus .
it smells of plastic , but the scent of coffee drifts over from the starbucks they have inside .
as i do my other senses take over , and i find the scent of flowers wafting towards me while dad starts to drive .
i gave her one back , trying not to sneeze from her flowery perfume .
there were also gardenias in large , glass vases filling the room with a bold perfume .
she had the sudden urge to put her head on his chest and breathe in his familiar scent .
a delicious scent saturated his pores , like honey .
absently i noticed each of them had a distinguishing scent , and it was nt their cologne .
cindys strong perfume lingered , and it dawned on me .
a delicious blood - tinged aroma swirled with sweat and perfume .
i breathed in through my nose , enjoying the appealing scent of his skin .
his scent was heady , intoxicating .
smelled the scent of his body wash , the decadent aroma of his blood , his skin .
the intoxicating scent of the blood of every person in that room packed my veins , but most especially cindys .
from the light of the pendant i watched his eyes fill with admiration , so close i could smell the spicy scent of my bloodlust tea on him , and guessed he still carried it on his person , somewhere within his royal blue robe .
i shifted all five of the pretty bottles , their scents permeating the air as i moved them .
the scent of his blood sang to me .
swallowing , i searched cindys face , listened to the gentle rhythm of her heartbeat , and smelled the lilac scent of her skin .
i breathed in , enjoying the crisp scent of the pine needles and the way the frozen air clung to everything in the shape of tiny snowflakes .
the scent of daffodils filled my nose , and a tingling sensation started at the tip of my head , ran down my back , out along my wings and through my toes and fingers .
a faint scent of lilacs surrounded her .
wrapping my arms around his waist , his scent of woods and spice filled my nostrils .
beyonce plopped down beside him in a puff of perfume and pink stuff .
the other one stinks from salt , perfume , and perspiration .
ralph would prepare an ice bath , and marilyn would add her perfume .
then he was led into a warm room that was filled with the pleasant scents of cinnamon , nutmeg , and cookies .
the mixture of the scent of the green grasses , the pine , and sea was unlike any fragrance she had taken in .
his scent overwhelmed her senses and she felt it .
the warm water was welcoming and even better , was the lavender soap that lathered into a wonderful scent .
the dried plant inside threw a spicy scent into the air .
the earthy scent of damp sandstone fills my nostrils .
all the way through the tunnels all i can think about is that intoxicating citrus scent emanating from her .
inhaling real fresh pine scent , not the kind from cleaning agents from the past two days , i savoured the moment .
he smelled so good husky , masculine and something that made me want to close my eyes and inhale so deeply the scent saturated my lungs .
his hot chest , cool breath and husky scent distracted me from the terror behind us .
the scent of delicious male cologne filled my nostrils .
as i bent to kiss her cheek , i caught her scent of roses , and my childhood flashed in my mind .
the smell of vanilla radiated from her hair ; i took in a deep breath of the comforting scent .
his scent overwhelmed me ; relaxing me and making my eyes feel heavy as he continued brushing his fingertips over my face .
i pressed my face flat on brandons chest to feel his heart beat against my cheek and took in a deep breath of his scent .
i buried my face deep into his chest taking in long breathes of his scent until it felt as though it was part of me , inside me .
the door opens and immediately the scent of fresh - baked pie and basting turkey shoots out of the house like fresh balls from a cannon .
i just spritzed it with an ounce of mindys trademark eau de tramp perfume , shoved it in my messenger bag and , when i saw him the following monday , tossed it at his stupid , big , fat jock head .
the flicker of christmas trees past , of soft music playing in the background , the crinkle of wrapping paper , the warmth of a fire , the scent of hot chocolate and the taste of soft cookies fresh out of the oven .
taking in a deep breath , the air was sweet with the scent of the wild flowers growing along the banks .
creeping closer , she could smell fresh air and the sweet scent of flowers .
now less than six inches from his towering body , the scent of his skin in the damp , night air overwhelms me .
fresh , clean cologne mixed with his natural scent , which is both earthy and sweet at the same time .
the heady , sweet scent of his skin is like an intoxicating drug .
the smell of exotic flowers and potent perfumes .
the fragrant scent of apples forced a loud gurgle from his empty stomach .
after a smattering of deodorant and a shot of cheap perfume , sarah hurried into her bedroom .
a swift breeze swept across the meadow flooding the area with the scent of the mississippis fresh black waters .
the aroma of bee pollen intermingled with the scent of fresh grass in her hair .
but i closed my eyes and reveled in the scent .
i pulled the covers up around me and it smelled like his scent and mine mingled together .
so the door opened and i could smell her overpriced department store perfume before i heard or saw her .
but every morning like a person on the edge of sanity i took out all of his clothes from the bottom drawer , inhaled the cedar scent and refolded each one , a reaffirmation that at one time he was here and he loved me .
she had beautiful cinnamon - colored hair that was naturally wavy when she did nt cut it pixie - style and it always carried the lingering scent of citrus from her shampoo .
there were only two instances where i actually caught a glimpse of something tangible and both times it was a name : amalie nicolette dennison i did nt know who she was or why she kept popping into my dreams every night , or why i would wake up in the morning , dizzy with the salty scent of sea breeze hanging thick in the room , but i wished she would stop .
the scent of fried fish from the corner fish n chip shop wafted through the air .
i could smell the addictive scent of petrol drifting under the door .
the scent of his lynx wafted over to me when he sat down , and a new jack / drake sign was pressed into my hands .
as we strolled down the hallway , the distinct scent of lavender and cherry blossom floated in the air .
the mix of floral scents pulled me back to the present .
i sighed , inhaling his scent .
his alluring , sweet scent filled my head when he leaned toward me .
a soft wind carried the scent of trees and freshly cut grass into my room .
pulling one of the huge towels out , i rubbed the soft fabric to my face then wrapped it around my shoulders , drowning in the scent of peach .
shock and confusion overpowered the comfort that her jasmine perfume and warm lips tried to raise inside me .
the mixture of mint , basil , and other herbal scents drifted on the breeze and filled my head .
the scent of young leaves wafted all around me .
the warm ocean scent of his skin overlapped the intense smell of the young vine .
it was like someone had popped open a can and a double dose of julians wild wind scent escaped .
my nose brushed against the warm skin of julians throat , and i buried deeper into the crook , savoring his enchanting scent of fresh wind wafting along a shore .
his scent still wafted all around me .
only when i wrapped my arms around me and my hands dug into soft cotton , did i realize the scent was coming from his hoodie that still shrouded me .
swirling back to my desk , i shrugged out of julians hoodie and took a final deep breath of its scent .
as we walked through the door , the warm scent of chocolate took me on an immediate journey through time .
in spite of the delicious scent that wafted in my face , anger spiraled up inside me .
no detergent or shower gel could bring on that irresistible scent .
i slid my arms around his waist and let his earthy scent comfort me .
a deep , relieved breath filled my head with a scent heavy with warm wind and sea .
my fingers buried into his soft silk hair and i reveled in his touch and scent .
the soft scent emanating from him together with his touch soothed me the way it always did .
i closed my eyes , inhaling his fresh , misty scent .
pressing my lips to the corner of his mouth , i inhaled the scent of warm , wild wind and ocean , feeling the need to get closer to him .
i sank into his embrace , reveled in his scent and touch .
i breathed in the cherry blossom scent of her body lotion , the one she had nt stopped wearing since the days shed tucked me in as a child .
i agreed silently , his calming scent comforting me .
the warm scent of wild wind was all i noticed as his chest rose and fell steadily .
uncertain what rush of emotions and longing the scent would evoke , i hesitated to bring it to my face and sniff .
she knelt , taking in the powerful scent of the rose .
in was intoxicating , practically invigorating , and it sent her thoughts swirling in its perfume .
the delicious perfume of the gardenias .
the scents combined created a fragrance so powerful that it swept her breath away .
it even startled a few bees off their perches , and they buzzed off lazily , drunk off the perfumes .
one thing that attracted her eye right away was the floral ; she could smell the scent of flowers in the air .
i wondered who on the council was in charge of standard issue scents .
it smelled a bit like the hard candies we were permitted to have on certain concord holidays , but the scent was richer .
his breath coiled with mine , and i breathed in the rank scent of death and decay .
he started playing a tune to distract himself from her perfume .
josh held her close for a minute and took in the scent of her hair , before releasing her .
gone was the rank odour of have - nots class , replaced by a light smell of perfume .
the scent of his cologne drew me back in .
so it was no wonder that on our last day at hidden pines , maddie and i found ourselves climbing one more time to take in the beautiful view and capture the fresh scent of nature drifting through the air .
i can smell the thick vanilla scented perfume she wears as it quickly floats through the air before i see her glide into the kitchen as if she floated on a cloud .
we walk into the large gym , the thick scent of floor polish , chlorinewhich is weird because the school does nt have a pooland sweat wafts through the air .
she smells like lavender , floral and heavenly , with a flip of her hair , the scent is drowned out by strawberry and vanilla , her shampoo .
hilary opens the door and ryder steps through , the room soon taking his scent of musk and old spice , something that should be on an old man heading to a banquet , not a teenage boy heading out on a date .
with that scary thought running from my mind , the sweet chocolate scent wafts through the crack in my door , another thing i forgot to close last night .
i can smell her perfume , floral and thick .
fifteen at the start of october , aside from the gorgeous sight of the changing leaves and wonderful scents of autumn filling the air , the homecoming signs started popping up all over the building .
the scent of homecomings in the air , he states , handing me an apple from his lunch , his fingers lightly brushing against mine .
i can smell his cologne , woodsy and strong , and its almost comforting , almost a scent i do nt mind , but its vaguely familiar at the same time .
his gesture pulls me closer to him , his scent filling every one of my senses .
at this moment , i take in his scent , woodsy , soapy , and him , and i feel home .
i could smell their sickly sweet scent at the entrance to the hall .
harley spits her soda across the table , nearly dousing me in cherry pepsinot my ideal perfume .
you smell great , i counter , mumbling into his shirt , smelling the woodsy scent of his soap .
it brushes across my face , filling the room with the scent of rain .
her body is warm and comforting as her arms surround me , hugging me from behind , a sweet scent filling my noseshe smells like cinnamon sugar .
every few moments , i tilt my head to the side and sniff , smelling my favorite scent : zephyr .
she tells me its open and i walk in , instantly taking in the floral scent wafting through the air .
as i lie on zephyrs bed while he finishes his homework , taking in the familiar scent of him surrounding me , i remember all of the moments in my life that made me happy .
his chocolate eyes burn into mine as he stalks closer to me , his hands caging me to his bed as he moves closer , inching , inching , inching , until his scent envelops me , overwhelms me and i am ready to succumb .
his scent overwhelms me ; calming me .
his familiar scent wafts from his shirt and i take a deep breath , smelling the tobacco on his shirt .
on thanksgiving morning , i awake to the delicious , mouthwatering scent of bacon .
the scent of moist grass , soaked cement , and fallen leaves mixed together wafts through the air .
i watched as harley smiled over her new t - shirt and kennie scoffed at the bacon perfume .
the scent of tobacco wafting from his shirt mixes with the scent of fresh air , which never happens back home , and calms my nervous stomach .
the scent of tobacco wafting from his shirt mixes with the scent of fresh air , which never happens back home , and calms my nervous stomach .
i then hug grammy , smelling her floral perfume as it floats from the fabric of her cotton t - shirt , and wait for hilary to catch up , taking my suitcase back from her .
immediately entering the house , the overwhelming scent of banana chocolate chip muffins floats through the air and my mouth instantly waters .
she leans closer to me , her thick perfume clogging my nose as she examines my eyes , my face , everything about me .
his familiar scent of nothing but himself and soap is pure home to me .
i smelled it just before i reached the kitchen , a warm coppery scent that made my stomach lurch and my pulse quicken .
pinned between him and the wall , his scent assailed my nostrils , and i almost gagged at the sickly odor that permeated his skin .
the scent of jasmine wafted toward me as she slid one of the mugs across the counter to me then carried her own cup to the table .
it was way too big for me , but it was soft and warm and smelled comfortingly of aged leather , soap , and a warm spicy scent .
the scent also conjured a hazy memory of him here in the room with me last night .
it was my favorite because i could still remember him in it , though sadly it had lost his scent a long time ago .
he moved closer as he helped , bringing with him a masculine scent hard to describe .
it smelled strongly of ammonia and pine scent , and he had to force down the urge to gag .
mrs . robinson , a heavy gray - haired lady , grabbed lizzie and held her in a death grip ; the powerful smell of mothballs and flowery perfume made her cough .
at one point , the wind blew a scent of the coming autumn over them , and then it was gone , the warmth of summer returning as the sun made a cameo appearance through the grey that had settled over london .
there was another scent today ; she closed her eyes to concentrate on it .
a faint cologne lingered with a days worth of wear , a salty , male scent .
instead , katelyn inhaled her sweatshirt and smelled the lingering scent of tim .
the burning wood , laced in puffs with the herbal scent of the pot , worked with the heat from the fire to fill her with an overall sense of warmth .
she simply followed him out of the business section and into the thinner streets , where the air was thick with the scents of flowers and bread .
the strong scents of the two drinks filled the small kitchen , mixing together until neither girl could differentiate one from the other .
the greasy scent of cheeseburgers , seasoned with hot sauce , filled her nose .
the grey interior smelled of a lovely jasmine scent .
the scent of exotic spices and foods stirred my stomach .
his light musky scent left a trail behind as he leaned back .
some days i wake up in the morning , and i swear i can smell her floral scent next to me .
crushed against his chest like she was , she could smell the musky but slightly sweet scent of jasons cologne .
her muffled screams grew more frantic when he smelled the familiar perfume .
lucus savored the lingering perfume .
he lifted up my hair to one side , then he took in my scent .
it was always the same perfume .
i breathed in the scent of him deeply : earth and leather .
i could smell the clean , soapy scent of the doctors hands as one came up to feel my head , slipping all over it because i was caked in the salty water rapidly seeping from my skin .
there was a sweet scent on his breath like he d pinched one of mams cakes that were meant for after dinner .
moisture , copper tubing , and the faint scent of flowers .
it was a strong breeze which pushed them toward that place , a breeze that blew up from behind to dry the sweat from the big humps body , a breeze that held the distinct scent of a forest in bloom ; it was cool and it was fresh , but it was not comforting .
the second smash was incredible , it released a scent not unlike that made when raspberries were candied with the sugars of llasa llasa being a well hidden town suspended in the upper canopy of the llasa forest hidden away somewhere in the east .
a sweet floral scent escaped , reminding him of his grandma .
the wire held a small sponge , and you could fill the sponge with whatever scent you liked bestmint , lavender , or lilac to cover the bad smell with something better .
faye stormed into the empty locker room , which smelt like sweat and perfume .
just as the shadows faded into true black and the last light of rising disappeared , i smelled a delectable scent .
perhaps they were cowering under covers and chairs , hiding behind feet and tucked into trembling arms , seeking comfort in familiar scents that still , somehow , said make no sound .
there was no clean , fresh breeze carrying with it the scent of pine and salt to wash it away .
we then took off , and i tell you , that may have been a short ride , but it was sheer torture , because underneath the reek of my rot , i could smell the delectable scent of his skin .
she started fishing around in her purse , and a waft of her scent hit me .
she lay down on the bed hugging the pillow that held his scent .
rhapsody caught a light whiff of tantalizingly feminine perfume .
he caught the waft of flowery perfume to his right before hearing the clack of her heels on the hard floor .
i walk out of the bathroom , breathing in the smell of pancakes as the scent fills the house .
i filled my lungs with the scents of mown grass and crisp air when all of a sudden the sun disappeared and a shadow lurked over me .
i could smell his musky scent .
i could smell his musky scent on the sheet .
she pulls me into a hug , and its then that i smell her perfume .
she could smell a warm scent , something reminiscent of tea roses .
the thick scent of tea rose and paper rot parted before her as she stepped inside and pushed the door closed behind her .
on hot days we would lie on our backs in the shade with the deep scent of roses around us .
the heady scent of night jasmine had already engulfed the yard .
the smells welcomed him first ; the rose buds of spring and winters thick narcissus ; the dusty scent of autumn leaves and the pungent crispness of orange blossoms ; and somehow above it all the unmistakable tingling of sunshine entering his body like warm syrup .
the scent of night jasmine filled the air as the queens court arrived at the proceedings .
she breathed in his sweet and musky scent , and felt his skin warm against her body .
bloom took a deep breath , taking in the scents of a hot summer , the corn , the dirt , even the fertilizer , the way country boys do .
her sweet scent made him giddy .
a light flickered and sparked , attempting to light up but only managing a small flash ; the smell of smoke and concrete mingled with perfume and the strange aroma hung in the air .
alone on his motorbike , he rode along a quiet road that hugged the coastline , the scent of the ocean mingling with the salt air .
and he always smelled amazing , some combination of limes and smoke , a scent entirely unique to him .
the luscious aroma of fresh , raw silk , lavender water perfume , jasmine , the chemical tang of the gas lamps that bordered the dance hall .
he murmured , inhaling the scent of my hair .
hoarded thoughts of other lands , times and space seen from a veranda rocking chair grew within imaginative thoughts lifted upon the distinctive perfume of cooling pies .
the kitchen sheers billowed , dancing in a summers breeze ; gentle sweets carrying the sugared scent of fresh rhubarb and strawberry filled crusts through an orange doorjamb that glowed a defiantly strange loneliness .
arching his back to a cool passing breeze , comforted by his bed and the reassurance of courage prevailing , he daydreamed to the precipice of sleep where he would feel his mothers comfort wrapped in a scent of delicate spices colored of saffron .
closing his eyes , seeking clarity of vision , forehead to the domes face he breathed in ancient scents .
he closed his eyes caught to the sudden marinade of delicate garden scents traveling the dewed wingtips of robins ; berries mixed with perfumes of lilac and spring roses welcoming new morn .
he closed his eyes caught to the sudden marinade of delicate garden scents traveling the dewed wingtips of robins ; berries mixed with perfumes of lilac and spring roses welcoming new morn .
what ancient wisdom had sealed for centuries began to offer of itself ; light pulsing into the air from under cover , exhaling stale sweet scent in greeting to those who had awakened her .
beneath the crevasse , threadlike cracks releasing a perfume of temple incense unprecedented turned to passing desert winds , fusing the shrill whistles of captured souls funneled in windstorms wildly rushing past the four ; bodies captive by the onslaught of divine intrigue .
she gave me a life i felt to have lost ; her touch so real , the scent of spice brushing my cheek .
without light , the skin of plaster walls moved into mysterious shape ; welcoming scents of steaming kitchens falling back , giving place to a mixture of wax and incense strong and unnamed ; jonathan shivering in a strange cold , feeling lost in this city he loved .
the scent of pastries filled his nose as he walked past a bakery .
she realized for the first time exactly how close he was , and took in a delicious breath of his intoxicating scent .
the moment he was within reaching distance , i could smell the lingering scent of coffee on him , and i guessed that he d already gotten his morning caffeine jolt before coming in for breakfast .
just like when he d taken me home and picked me up earlier , the car was cozy , warm , and it carried the faintest scent of coffee .
i can feel her body heat ; smell her rose scented perfume or is that her shampoo ?
and then the scents would come , arriving on air that would change from crisp to warm , from musky to sweet .
the intoxicating scent of spring .
i closed my eyes and attempted to conjure that scent .
the velvety softness , that sweet scent , the most delicate pink in color .
that sweet scentthe same scent that always proceeded their arrival .
a mere five steps away , his scent whispered toward me on the cool breeze the earth and the rain combined , and underneath it all a scent that was purely his .
so close to me i could smell his intoxicating scent .
and his scenthis wonderful scent swirled around me , making my mind muddled .
the musky scent of damp earth that surrounded me seemed almost oppressive .
i stepped onto a stretch of road and suddenly i was next to the object , so close i could smell the scent of earth , moss andmetal ?
the whole room smelt of lemon fresh scent .
his nostrils flared as he slowly inhaled a faint scent of musky female perfume .
his nostrils flared as he slowly inhaled a faint scent of musky female perfume .
he watched her inhale the scent from his jacket and close her eyes .
inhaling her delicious scent , he slowly lifted his head back .
he stood behind aurora and bent forward to set the pitcher on their table , inhaling her tantalizing perfume as his face brushed by her hair .
she smelled of perfume and lime from the drinks .
he could smell a new scent on her , like a bit of the ocean , sand , and something else .
he wished he could hold the scent forever .
the door opened and a blast of cool , fresh air blew over them mixed with a familiar musky scent .
cringing , he realized he d have to inhale her delicious perfume again .
he leaned forward to inhale her musky perfume scent and closed his eyes .
he leaned forward to inhale her musky perfume scent and closed his eyes .
the deep breath killed all thought processing and instead gave me the opportunity to breathe in kieran scent .
i leaned over and kissed her cheek smelling sweet perfume against her collar .
the perfume was heady and restful .
sergey accompanied us as we walked slowly the few paces from the car to the first of the wide steps , feeling the mid - day sun warm on our shoulders , smelling the sweet scent of the wild flowers , and hearing the soothing hum of bees as we made our careful way .
a brisk breeze flowed in from the opened window , bringing the scent of daisies , peppermint , and chamomile , and a hint of burnt wood .
the scent of melted butter teased the stomach .
his nose caught a warm , sizzling scent .
being closer from food felt so nice , and steven stood infatuated by the pastries on silver trays.he filled his nostrils with their delicious scent , feeling their taste explode in his mouth .
the late afternoon light gave them warmth , and a citrus scent passed through the shrubs that crawled around the fence .
it gave birth to more of its delicious scents .
the tea , between his hands , wreathed a tangled scent that enamored him .
the last time steven was here , the smell of peppermint had shrouded the air , but a concentrated scent of jasmine that someone might sneeze to , had now roved the air .
the burning scent subsided , and the place was now filled with the scent of jasmine .
the burning scent subsided , and the place was now filled with the scent of jasmine .
there was no scent of jasmine or any other smell .
it was as quiet as a cave , and not too long afterward the scentless air became overwhelmed with the scent of forest and damp soil .
the scent of fresh soil reminded steven of the ladies chamber and everything that happened in the garden at the castle of agragort .
the scent of jasmine became stronger now , and unseen birds crooned throughout the charming woods .
the concentrated scent of jasmine had disappeared , and soon they were outside , strolling through the garden toward the castle .
the fairgrounds share land with the county rodeo , so the air reeks of horse poop and hay bales mixed with the scent of kettle corn and sausages on a stick .
i whisper , inhaling his scent as chills prickle my arms .
i smell a woody scent and wax mixed together .
without thinking any further , i wrap my arms around his waist and breathe in , filling my senses with his scent , drinking in all of him .
i try to loosen myself focus on his minty scent and his soft lips , the way his lips carefully slide over mine but nothing can pull me out of this stifling awareness that i m about to see my mother .
rose took two stumbling steps back but he walked right past her , leaving her senses reeling with the scents of pine , sawdust and soap .
rose was immediately inundated with heady scents and a stifling humidity .
the scent hit her nose and filled the room with an intoxicating aroma .
the fog blew around the room and she inhaled the scent of sweet incense that made her head feel fuzzy .
his long arms enveloped her and she deeply breathed in his scent .
willow inhaled declans scent .
he had a unique scent of woods and spice that was actually pleasant .
her hand reaches around me , and as she leans in close , i catch her scent .
i felt his breath as he leaned down and kissed the top of my head , inhaling wetly as if to breathe in my scent .
even in winter , the scent of pollen would ever cling to his skin .
besides , we do n't have anything with gypsy scent on it .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of flower perfume that drifted off of her skin .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of flower perfume that drifted off of her skin .
he felt his stomach grumble when he inhaled the scent of something delicious .
the unicorn closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of her as she got closer .
aliah closed his eyes and inhaled the sage and lemongrass scent that lingered around ava .
he entered a large building with tables down the center , and breathed in the scent of canned vegetables and meat in broth that mingled with the smell of too many warm bodies packed into a confined space .
each room had a particular theme and scent .
lilies in the great room with dark wood and orange accents , a clean linen scent in the dining room which was painted light blue with white furnishings , fresh bread in the kitchen and eucalyptus in the guest room , set up as a temporary nursing station .
the scent of sage and lemongrass swirled around her on the breeze , making him dizzy .
the fresh , damp smell of the earth and the hearty scent of roasting meat filled her nose .
he breathed in the yeasty scent of bread from the old bakery , mixed with the smells of beer and wine from the bar next to it .
he inhaled the sharp scent of rich loam from the vegetable stand to his left , and let his eyes wander over the bright colors and various textures of the textiles store and the machine shop .
he lowered his face to hers and breathed in the scent of soap on her skin , but she shoved his chest with both hands , knocking him backwards into the door .
green flecks floated on the water and the scent of mint filled shai 's nose .
when her fingers found the smooth wood she pressed her face against the door and inhaled the pungent scent of the oil rub .
the mixture of the different scents of the candles gave me a headache , but i tried my best to ignore it .
that was the last time i was going to smell my moms scent .
when i arrived home , i could smell the scent of food cooking coming from the kitchen .
a cool dry breeze filtered through the castle , bringing with it the scent of incense of some kind .
for some reason this memory always conjured up the scent of coconuts .
perhaps it was from her perfume .
` ` it 's just lemon basil scent .
surrounded by friends and family , link savored the delectable scent of life .
cradling the warm mug of herbal tea in her hands , she breathed in the potent , fresh scent and smiled for a moment , enjoying the memories it stirred .
the scent of the chinese herbs contained within the tea she drank three times daily always brought back those jasmine scented memories .
when he had opened his eyes and found hers with his gray blue eyes , he continued , you see , the wonderful aromatic scent of this coffee , is nothing more than a signal , one which instructs the brain to experience and taste .
the little pink wildflowers scattered by the rivers edge gave off a sweet fragrance , and intermingled with that overpowering scent were the usual outdoor odors .
the earthy , rich smell of the river , a few feet away from her , was the most evident , complemented by what leanne had always referred to as the scent of life - the smell of trees , grass and other growing things carried on the gentle breeze that stirred the leaves and blades of grass around her .
the air filled with a myriad of scents , strong musky scents that made leanne feel slightly heady .
the air filled with a myriad of scents , strong musky scents that made leanne feel slightly heady .
the entire room was fixated on the scene , leanne swore the scents were now becoming even more overpowering than before , making her feel light - headed , but no one else in the room seemed to be bothered .
it mingles with the whispering scents of the floodlit eucalyptus trees lining the driveway beyond the doors .
i the scents around me have changed again .
the heavy perfume of lavender is still there , but there s also a very weak hint of the drains i d smelled earlier .
she was probably looking for me so i gave the guys some guy - greetings and went over to her , throwing a dental gum in to my mouth to do off with the beer scent .
nice scent ; which cologne is it ?
it was alcohol and sin ; cup after cup of forgetfulness and too many nights spent with women who smelled like cheap perfume .
the door swung open and foster shuffled in , the faint scent of soap and rain tickling my nose as he lifted two of camillas suitcases .
each air conditioner vent had those little aromatic air fresheners clipped into it , giving the interior a distinctly coconut scent .
even as unpleasant as it was , it was the best scent i d smelled in a long time .
so i hold her quietly , breathing in her scent as i contemplate her last words .
the scent of his aftershave seems to be filling the space between us .
the sharp scent of antiseptic reaches my nose and the events that led me to this moment swim back into my mind .
there were fresh flowers down by the altar , some of them lilies , judging by the awful heavy scent that permeated from that direction .
he watched buds unfurling from a distant chestnut tree , and the delicate scent of blossom filled his nostrils .
the sandy shores gave way to mud while a delicate scent of grass crept into the ozone soaked air .
her female scent was on him , her female sweats and oils , and exudations , like the secretions of a honey bee 's mouththe sweat on the upper lips of a blondbreast sweat , underarm sweat mixed with perfume in a girl 's white short - sleeved shirtsleep dropped with its pleasures over his eyes , ever so peacefully , until he dropped ever so peacefully into sleep .
her female scent was on him , her female sweats and oils , and exudations , like the secretions of a honey bee 's mouththe sweat on the upper lips of a blondbreast sweat , underarm sweat mixed with perfume in a girl 's white short - sleeved shirtsleep dropped with its pleasures over his eyes , ever so peacefully , until he dropped ever so peacefully into sleep .
if you wanted to watch middle america on parade , you could catch the gleam of a white shirt in a dark suit , the flash of gold from a watch , the shake and the slink of a woman in a minkcheap cologne and perfume : what did it all mean to hoang - ha who rose up out of vietnam ?
he loved the smell of the gym , a wood and varnish smell , with the scent of rubber matting for the wrestling matches rolled up behind the stands , the smell of sweat evaporating off cotton socks , tennis shoes with rubber solescinder block walls moist with humidity , dripping showers down in the locker rooms , warmth and moisture , heat from exertion and a cool drink from a water fountain , with a dab of gobbled , mint - scented gum in the drain : ` ` beat b - c - c ! ''
it was cold , but the air had a scent to it .
spring air came through the cracked windows of the cab , spring air sharp with the scent of cherry blossoms from along the tidal basin and a rust smell from the swollen muddy riversavage flicked on the radio .
she swept into the room , a summer breeze that carried the scent of hope .
she clapped , did her little squeal thing , told us shed be in touch and was gone , leaving behind the faint trace of her fancy perfume .
and was that perfume i smelled ?
his jacket smelled like him , the scent smelled like a pleasant mixture of trees and vanilla .
other scents .
i breathed in the scent of vanilla and trees , cringing at the smell of blood that tainted it .
the air was filled with the scent of electricity as thunder boomed across the sky , rolling out in waves like the waters below .
the aroma of lilacs filled the air as the steam carried some of the scent out of the hot water .
it was her mother that had taught her to add the scent of lilac to her bath .
sitting there warm in her towel while being enveloped in both her mothers arms and the scent of lilacs that she and her mother shared while her mother towelled her off was where she felt the most secure .
her wavy thickly layered hair moved as she talked animatedly to her friend , sending off waves of a cloying fruity scent .
the cool evening air carried on it scents of wood shavings from the newly built stands .
it was warm from being inside his armour , and gave off a faint scent of him .
more remarkable was the faint scent of lilacs that rose from her skin as she came closer .
her room looked like something out of an episode of kung fu , with candles providing the only light in the room and incense smoke filling the space with various sweet , yet pungent scents .
a faint strawberry scent filled the air around me .
i got you coffee , i beamed , pushing the cup towards him as i tried to ignore the thought of who the scent reminded me of .
walking up the steps , i settled myself beside him , inhaling his strangely intoxicating scent of mint and citrus .
which is why , as i sat there with his lips fused to mine , his heady scent filling every pore of my body , his hand tugging away intently at my hair , i was nt sure if i had drifted off into a daydream again .
as long as i did nt hug her in front of them ; or try to breathe in her intoxicating scent .
worst of all , i was pretty sure all my clothes had a lingering scent of teenage boy on them .
it was nt the answer to the question shed asked but it was what i had to offer as i nuzzled her neck and inhaled her familiar fresh scent .
a scent that is so enticing , so sweet but so metallic at the same time wafts around me and my fangs protrude .
a few minutes later he walked past a cluster of merchants selling bottled perfume , and a familiar scent wafted through the air .
there was a familiar scent in the air .
filling the air with a scent of fresh toast , fried bacon , eggs and hash browned potatoes ; it was an extremely welcome spot on the lonely stretch of highway through that side of texas .
the bed sinks next to her hip and she is pulled into his arms ; his scent a mixture of dirt , sweat and antiseptic .
opening her eyes , she is greeted by pitch black surroundings and the chalky scent and taste of dust .
west leans over her and moves his lips to her ear , and her nostrils fill with his overly male scent .
west steps closer to her and allows his scent to swirl around her as he speaks .
my fingers registered the foreign soft texture of the blankets before my head did , and my eyes flew open as i took in the clean scent of the sheets .
they re flannel - lined and she s left her oversized fishermans sweater i used to steal from her all the time , so in the end the toasty warmth , wrapped in her lavender scent , makes up for the fact that none of my clothes are here .
i take a deep breath strong musk aged oak and saltwater voice deep and rooted , certain and unyielding exhale and another deep breath the scent of the forest around my house clings to him and tears spring to my eyes as a wave of nostalgia for home hits me .
i cough pointedly at the cloud of perfume she leaves in her wake .
i sense the change in the airthe smoke gone , no longer filling my nose and pressing hot and moist against my skinbut i keep my eyes closed , because a plethora of other noises and scents assault my senses .
i go into my bedroom and throw on some pajamas and a hoodie , inhaling the scents , remembering this bedroom that does nt exist anymore .
remnants of grilled hamburgers , the sharp scents of pickle brine and mustard .
i like his scent , even though it smells unfamiliar .
the musky scent of earth and some kind of cologne hit her nose and caused her to open her eyes .
it was bad enough i could smell his cologne , a warm masculine scent , the same one from that first day , but stronger , more concentrated .
bradys scent was more earthy , less cologne and more of soap and justguy , though the familiar smells of saddle soap and leather were absent , making me realize i d never been with him outside the stables .
even from a distance , a strong aroma filtered through the lingering scent of dinner .
in seconds , i was surrounded by masculine energy and scents , talk of football and up - coming games .
sorry to interrupt , guys , he said , squatting a few inches from me , his pine scent teasing my heightened senses .
instead of garbage and sweat , his fresh scent , a mixture of pine and sandalwood , tickled my nose .
i do nt know how long he held me before i calmed down and started noticing little things like his clean pine scent or the gentle way he rubbed my back and murmured into my hair .
i sniffed , smelling the briny scent of the sea .
she hugged me , and i was enveloped in familiar scents , cinnamon and citrus with a dash of lavender , her favorite .
but mixed in was the scent of the sea as well .
his gorgeous face and sexy smile , his pine scent and the way i felt when he looked at me .
she also had a unique scent , tangy yet sweet .
add a flirtatious smile and clean masculine scent , and you had a teen heartthrob .
brans pine scent was addictive , made my mind go foggy and my insides mushy .
no , just appreciating that scent you favor .
i became conscious of many things at once , the rhythmic beat of his heart , the special pine scent i came to associate with him , his lips brushing my forehead as he sang to me .
he flashed a grin then teleported , his scent lingering .
inside , the truck was like a cocoon filled with his scent .
his scent clung to the fabric .
his scent and warmth engulfed me .
a faint pine scent teased my senses , and i smiled .
inside , the scent of baked rolls filled the air .
the scents of eggs and bacon hung in the air .
i heard murmurs , recognized kims voice and izzys perfume .
the rest of us will stay here and a strong pulse swept across the warehouse , the sweet scent of berries filling the air .
her sweet berry scent stifled as she whipped around with me .
the warmth of her touch and the smell of her perfume took my cares away .
it was impossible not to know because my sleeping bag and shirt smelled like her sweet perfume .
i gave him a long hug , inhaling the mixture of his scent , soil , and salt .
as i pulled her close and breathed in her scent and and heard her humming and felt her softness , all our history and thoughts and possibilities did n't matter .
however , there was nothing but the scent of the bath , the faint sound of water on the roof and her slow breathing in the darkness of her closed eyes .
i came to see if you were ok . you have nt been at school all week ; i thought maybe something terrible happened to you , he stepped past me into my house and i inhaled his scent , feeling suddenly dizzy .
i could smell the woodsy scent of liquor mixed with his sweet , almost herbal scent and the electricity picked up strength through my veins .
i could smell the woodsy scent of liquor mixed with his sweet , almost herbal scent and the electricity picked up strength through my veins .
i inhaled his scent , sweet yet masculine , and felt as though this were the most normal thing i had ever done .
his closeness made me dizzy , his scent had me lightheaded and the warmth of his skin against mine felt as though my soul was strangely complete .
i inhaled deeply , breathing him in and letting his clean , fresh snow scent wash over me .
the different , foreign grasses of africa waved in a gentle night breeze , sending scents of freshness and earthiness to invade my senses .
i took one more big breath , inhaling tristan , his clean , masculine scent that belonged only to him and let sleep finally take me away .
the scent of fresh , hot caffeine permeated the air around me and i instantly took a step forward to inhale a good whiff .
at the top of the stairs , i waited for him to open the door again and then inhaled deeply at the heavy scent of bacon frying and bread baking .
she slowly twisted off the cap and we sat there staring at the untouched peanut butter for several moments , just inhaling the scent .
the scent of hot coffee and bacon welcomed them into the crowded restaurant .
burying my face in her neck , i breathed in the gardenia perfume she always wore .
their fragrant blossoms filled the air with a light perfume , which mingled with the smell of coffee .
she smelled like shampoo and her favorite perfume .
the familiar scents relaxed me .
the smell of coffee infiltrated the room just before i heard the distinct sizzle of the frying pan , followed by the heady scent of bacon .
heady perfume and sweat mingled in the thick , warm air .
the spicy scent of his cologne enveloped me .
the strong perfume of flowers cloyed the air , and it was difficult to breathe .
i listened to his heartbeat and smelled the spicy scent that was him .
when she opened the door , her nostrils filled with the delicious scent of frying bacon and she realised how hungry she was ; the only thing the three friends had eaten the previous night was crisps .
it was then that felicity noticed the scent of chicken filling the flat , and when she turned she saw the oven light illuminating the roasting meat .
then , two strong hands swiftly grab both my shoulders and rapidly pull me from behind while i recognize the lavender perfume and blonde locks tickling my jaw line as cinta drags my bee_hind away from garth and i whisper softly to the posed question .
i race out the back door of the house across the patio on my faded jeans , my new cowgirl boots , and a fresh smelly pink blouse with a set of cute ruffles on the front since pink bows would be too ostentatious with mamas expensive flowery perfume around my neck , earlobes , pink blouse collar , and wrists since i m going to need to use more then my beauty and my southern charms to persuade grouchy garth to talk to sweet beck .
the teen sprays the handbag with the desired perfume fragrance when the soul - catcher nods .
i did nt notice any bad odor but her flora perfume .
he had short auburn hair and abby detected the subtle scent of cologne .
abby was met with their rich perfume as she stepped out of the car .
abby breathed in the scent of the flowers .
a cloud of dust spilled from the pages and i breathed in the enchanting scent , feeling at ease for the first time since i awoke that morning .
close enough to smell his dastardly handsome scent .
i trekked into a room at the far end of this wing in the palace , following the scent of greenness .
when i tapped the head of my rose fairy , she peeked out from under the brim of her rose blossom hat and the sweet scent of roses filled the air .
my senses were aware of the perfumes of the candles .
the fruity scent sent my mind back two years .
the scent of flowers became too delicate for my nose to sense anymore .
i dreamed of colors and perfumes and flowers dancing around me as if i was immersed in a clear pool of warm , scented water .
then , i danced slowly , sliding my bare feet on the dark , polished hardwood , the black bergamot tea already in my system and the scent from the tea leaves lingering in the air like a pleasant afterthought .
when i also smelled a burnt scent , i realized the moka had been making sounds for a while , and the espresso had spilled all over the stove .
i caught his lingering scent fading rapidly , and for a moment , i thought i had just seen some kind of light coming from outside , through the door elios had just closed .
sixty - two miles from italy and forty - three miles from africa , pantelleria is a volcanic paradise of wild flowers and inebriating perfumes .
i could smell the lavender scent she added to the detergent wafting through our apartment .
oh , i can smell the perfume of freshly cut freesias !
the perfume of cut freesias reached my nostrils , and i vanished inside the elevator .
what i think happened is that the hot temperature of the summer night and the high concentration of iron in the soil created that faint burned scent everybody smelled .
outside , the big umbrella offered shelter from the humidity , and the scent from the citronella candles helped us relax .
in my dream , i could smell the scent of freshly cut flowers and could hear music in the distance .
i savored the texture of the lips and the scent emanating from them .
only now existed , and it was made of soft scents and warm embraces .
around me , the world exploded with sounds , colors , and delicate perfumes .
elios relaxed then , and new scents inundated the room , citrus fruit zest and freshly cut mimosa .
in a haze , i saw the rest of the room was also exploding with colors , music , and new exotic scents .
the air was saturated with the exotic spices and the scent of our bodies when a coherent thought finally emerged in the chaos of my mind .
i thought i recognized one of the scents .
the scents , for example .
the rich interior of the car and the musky , masculine scent of matts aftershave did double duty to take her breath away .
she closed her eyes as she breathed in the new car scent and his rich , musky smell .
when his mouth opened straining with effort , he inhaled the scent of strawberries and cream on his tongue .
jay kept all her letters with lipstick kisses and perfume in a vans shoebox in his closet .
it was nt drenched in the perfume she usually wore ; he knew the scent : it was cyprians .
it was nt drenched in the perfume she usually wore ; he knew the scent : it was cyprians .
penora took in the scent of fresh bread when she entered the kitchen .
he felt helpless as vin and kosner ran up the stairs , making a ruckus as they went , following the warm scent of food .
the scent of the womans blood was intoxicating , and he was thirsty .
he could smell a scent in the air but could nt identify exactly what it was .
santino tried to stop his breathing so he did nt inhale her scent .
i rest my head on his shoulder , breathing in his scent as he rubs circles , slow and soothing , on my back .
she scoops me into a hug , and i stay for a moment , soaking in the familiar wafts of her flowery perfume .
it has been long , yet the scent brings with it a sense of familiarity across the years .
sawdust lay in a fine layer on the floor and the scents of many freshly cut woods hung in the air like an exotic , heady perfume .
sawdust lay in a fine layer on the floor and the scents of many freshly cut woods hung in the air like an exotic , heady perfume .
she buried her face in their fur and took in their warm , comforting aroma , a scent more reassuring than any other .
the scent of buttery croissants tickled my nose as i passed one of the rooms .
bouquets of flowers adorned each wooden pew and spilled over the altar , scenting the air with their perfume .
the garden was at its peak and the air was perfumed with the scent of mr . fitzgibbons carefully tended roses .
the sweet scent drifts up my nose as i brush the other blooms .
she loved its lemon fresh scent in the morning .
a fantastically realistic dream , where for the first time there was a distinctive and pungent pine scent in the air .
it was slightly crunchy , contributing to that pine scent .
lucy handed me a chunk of roughly textured grain bread , the source of the delicious scent .
i could smell his clean masculine scent .
that delicious male scent , so uniquely his , and his features ... so unnaturally perfect .
i could smell her unique flowery scent .
their floral and deep musky scent filled the room .
a scent far too enticing , which stuck in his nostrils and coated his tongue .
there was something familiar about this scent .
the wind rushing by the truck was filled with the scent of lake water , warm pine trees and occasional road kill .
i bent down , burying my face close to her ear , inhaling her familiar scent .
jessies scent enveloped me , her lips pressed against mine .
as i leaned close , i inhaled the scent of her warm skin .
the scent of his cologne is filling my nose .
instead , i drown in his scent as my hands tangle in his hair .
my eyes open and the scent of bacon makes my tummy rumble .
the room reeks of heavy perfume and cologne .
her perfume lingers in the air , her high heels still click against the wood floors , and her voice fills my ears .
his scent , which is a mixture of laundry detergent , soap , cologne , and something male smells so wonderful .
after taking is familiar scent in my lungs , the sickness subsides and i cling to him just as tightly .
his body is warm and his scent fills my nose .
his scent is familiar and because his arms are around me , i feel safe .
inhaling her floral scent makes me want to cry but no tears fall .
the scent of flowers tickle my nose .
his heart is beating under my face and his scent wafts into my nose .
i breathe in his scent and squeeze him tight .
a faint scent of tobacco smoke made him wrinkle his nose .
a playful breeze carrying the heavy sweet scent of flowers stirred liams hair .
the pine scent tugged at his mind and he thought again about the lone tree .
the sweet scent of vanilla and nutmeg mixed with the aroma of fresh baked bread making his stomach growl .
light purple flowers hung in heavy clusters filling the air with perfume .
that would give the basket a nice scent .
she took in the pleasant scent like pine needles .
i passed beneath towering trees , inhaling the clean scent of pine and air freshly washed with rain .
my only thought had been stopping him from making noise and keeping him from waking aelyn , but now my arm was around his thin waist , my hand holding his lean , muscular arm , and our faces were so close that i could smell the scent of honey on his breath .
then , when i d sat down next to her and inhaled her human scent , it had almost been too much to handle .
the girl screeched in protest and the scent of her succulent blood filled the air , awakening the beast inside .
they met in a small corner of the larger wine cellar , hidden by crates and the scents of centuries - old alcohol .
now i could hear her heart pounding and the scent of milk and honey on her and the pounding of her blood in her veins .
it had been one of her children with the delicious scent , but i ran off after the first taste , pausing only to be sure i had been seen .
a girl , a sweet package of ripe flesh - the first whiff was of an addictive perfume .
her scent enveloped me , teased me on the cold winter wind , confused me as it whipped past my nostrils .
familiar scents , pine and fur and smoked meat .
night after night i crept close to the house where the loupe family slept , peering through the windows , seeking the source of that familiar scent .
his was the scent i remembered .
heavy clouds hang over the mountains like a scowl and the scent of snow is on the air , a crisp , biting taste that burns my throat pleasantly .
the heady scent of apple and cinnamon fills my senses and i am instantly at ease .
there is a scent to books that is almost tangible , the flavor of all the hands that have touched them , the minds that have devoured their words ; and no library should be without the solid sense that someone has been here before , has dropped their coat and gotten lost for a while .
relief softens his expression and he strokes my cheek with his thumb , moving slightly closer , the warm , spicy scent of oranges and cloves clinging to his skin .
cole draws in a sharp breath but does n't interrupt ; he just keeps stroking my hair , the sharp , citrusy scent of his cologne filling my senses .
for a moment , our lips simply rest against each other , our breath mingling in a perfume of peppermint and honey , and then his hands are tangled in my hair , pulling me closer , as though he can fuse us together forever from the heat of the kiss .
` ` you 're in my head when i ' m alone , and when i ' m near you , '' he breathes in , inhaling my scent .
i ask archly , leaning into him and pulling in his scent , dark citrus and spice .
that scent was enough to make everything better , i thought .
aromatic lilac , roses , lilies , and orchids together , created a unique perfume and even the ancient trees , with their weathered arms , and solemn lean , were magnificent .
i inhaled her scent .
i followed behind her and avati , toward the smell of heavenly spices and the invigorating scent of cocoa beans .
i was frantic to see him , to touch him , to feel his rough chin in my hands , and to smell his heavenly rugged scent .
a room full of ebony haired egyptian women danced to the drum of some antediluvian tune and the scent of incense filled the air around them .
i had to follow the heavenly scent .
i was hit with his scent full force and it made my jaw tingle again .
his soft hair tickled my face and i murmured into it , taking in the scent of the woods and the sweetness .
she circled her nose and lips near mine and i realized she was trying to catch a scent therewills scent .
the chilly curls caressed my lips offering the perfume of fresh orchids .
rowan stepped out of the car , breathing in the scent of the ocean .
he inhaled the oceamick scent that carried on the light breeze , walking forward and leaning against the metal railing on the glass wall .
then anne was at her side , laying down a bowl of rich stew , and the scent was heavenly .
the entire room is filled with the scents of heather and rose .
she inhaled the warm scent of the foal against her body , resonated with each beat of his heart , and soaked in the comforting assurance that she had done all she could do .
laura breathed in the crisp air , taking in the scents of her well - oiled leather gear , the freshly turned dirt beneath their feet , and the musky stables nearby .
after that close encounter with her root - beer - colored eyes , long , straight shiny brown hair , and some kind of exotic scent , ice looked for her in the stands .
her softness pressed against him and the scent he 'd picked up that day outside the locker room wafted to his nose .
the dustpan is filled with glass , and there s a malty scent of beer in the air .
i lined up behind hatchet - hand gwen ( seriously , her hands could turn into actual hatchets ) and almost gagged : the musty , mothball scent from our old gala garb intensified as we collected in the hallway , triggering my sensitive gag reflex .
her perfume reeked and the nasally voice she used when answering questions was horrid .
her mothers sweet jasmine perfume , her sad smilealways sadher loud and heavy laugh .
his pipe was gone but the scent of tobacco still remained as he approached .
the scent of fresh flowers was the first thing selena noticed .
then , as titus full lips closed over hers , and the scent of tulips wafted up around her , selena realized that no stolen peck behind a school locker could have ever compared to this .
selena closed her eyes , inhaling titus masculine , woodsy scent .
fires roared as the scent of roasting nuts and meats mingled with the fragrance of coconuts , saffron , nutmeg , cinnamon , and something spicy that reminded selena of chili powder .
five minutes later she was undressed and neck deep in water that was scented with a combination of oils that made the water , and her skin , smell very much like the scent of spices that seemed to cling to the air here .
he buried his nose in his sisters hair , tears springing to his eyes as he inhaled the familiar scent of pine and clean outside air .
selena closed her eyes and inhaled his woodsy scent .
i could nt identify all of the scents in the bouquet , but i picked up the floral , tangy sea , and the woodsy , spicy scent that was evan .
i could nt identify all of the scents in the bouquet , but i picked up the floral , tangy sea , and the woodsy , spicy scent that was evan .
my mouth watered as the savory scent hit my nose .
its top was covered with fat candles , casting the air with the light scent of vanilla , though they were unlit .
kyros continued to drift toward the enticing scent .
her sweet scent surrounded him as he listened to her pitiful sobs .
the floral air fresheners did nt quite mask the deep scent of alcohol and a hundred sweating bodies .
her scent filled his nostrils and his mind .
the scent coming off him was mildly distractingwarm , musky , like an ocean breeze .
he could smell the remnants of cigarette smoke , perfume , and sweat .
it is a very compelling scent .
he walked over to her , pressed a kiss to her warm forehead , and inhaled her unique , intoxicating scent .
sara inhaled the perfumed scent of plumeria , a native hawaiian flower .
he could still smell her sweet scent but he also smelled the sick odor of his brother .
now , tight in xanthuss embrace , breathing in his warm , masculine in scent , she could nt hold back the tears .
my palette of assorted acrylics in a spray of vivid colors gave me fresh flowers and the bittersweet scent of autumn leaves when in reality my world was surrounded by smells of detergent , floor wax , and urine .
the delicious scent of exotic spices mixed with the poignant aroma of raw fish and seafood .
the smell of spring mixed with seattle rain grew heavy in the air , the sweet scent of camellias , and cherry blossoms .
a heavy fog of perfume and cigarette smoke polluted the air in the hallway .
inside the bathroom , i slipped out of my blue jeans and white tee shirt and wiggled into a capped - sleeved , black lace dress that came to my knees , pulled on a white cardigan , slapped on some lip gloss and light perfume , and pulled my messy hair up into a bun on the back of my head .
a faint copper scent stung my nose .
the distinguishing scent invaded my nostrils again at the makeshift hospital in lame deer where faithful decklin lied dying , doubly wounded by bullet and flame .
xander could smell the salty air mixed with an aromatic scent of fresh fish .
beneath the smell of charred wood and broiled paint , he could smell a faint underlying scent of sulfur .
the smell was intoxicating , compared to the normal , overwhelming scent of the ocean .
she throws her arms around mesomething she does to all the regularsand the smell of her thick lavender perfume sticks to me even after she moves on to embrace carlos .
he tossed the clementine up and caught it before lifting it to his nose to breathe in its rich scent .
the soft scent reminded her of the roses outside the gazebo in lizs garden and the conversation shed had with darien about other monsters .
she could hear the deep intake of air as he pulled in her scent .
he took a deep breath to clean out his head but found that the air was filled with scents .
her rose and jasmine perfume , a touch of fear , a hint of desire , her natural smell , and his own rich aroma mingled to form a heady mix that tugged at his body .
bending over , he placed a light kiss over the mark and drew in the soft scent of her skin .
pulling her face away from his neck , the memory of his scent automatically tucked away in her mind , she met micahs raised brow line , wide eyes , and even wider grin .
i inhaled the scent of raspberries and cream lingering in the fine strands of his hair .
she let him hold her like that for some time , relieved to be with him again , the familiar scent of his cologne surrounding her , giving her a sense of security and comfort .
she could still smell perfume in the room so she knew that it had nt been long before she left .
she inhaled the scent and momentarily forgot that she did nt want anyones company .
beth came closer until i could smell her sickly pungent perfume .
as i squeezed in the bottle , a burst of fresh lemon scent escaped from the bottle , leaving a gorgeous fragrance behind .
the manly scent wafted straight up my nose and i could picture him straight away as the musk played with my memoires .
i d sifted through her jewelry boxes and buried myself in the scent of his old work clothes .
i could feel her waiting for me to look up and i could taste her perfume sticking to the back of my throat .
the sharp scent of spring filled my lungs and i sneezed , my mom picking petals out of my hair as we followed the guide down winding sidewalks and between spanish style buildings .
i tried to remember slipping it on , the scent of cigarette smoke still clinging to the fabric .
she led me into the dizzying scent of spring , flowers bedding in her hair .
the breeze picked up and i caught the faintest scent of what i thought was honeysuckle .
the leaves on the trees blazed orange and gold , and the scent of dry leaves wafted in the cool air .
they waited for a minute , and then felt a cool breeze accompanied by the scent of lilies .
the scent of lilies and a sudden breeze blew the candles out once more .
the prickly shrubs bent and trembled as they pushed their way through and emerged into a forest fresh with rain , the air piquant with scents of wood sap , soil turned and life renewed .
the air was filled with a sweet alluring scent , and the plurans eyes and mouth grew round with awe .
hurrying and floundering , they scrambled onward , their eyes on the faint wash of light around the bend in the tunnel , the breeze taunting them with the stench of blood , rot , and an unnatural scent of caramel .
this artificial smell soon dominated the other scents and writhren turned pale with fear .
the syrupy scent was piquant , and she almost choked .
from the scent and colour of her fingertips , she knew .
apex an elderly tailwalker with peppered scaly limbs handed her a cup of mulled wine , the sweet scents of cinnamon and creeping cloves filling the air .
soaking up the calming scents and flavors of the room , i sit quietly with my eyes closed in hopes of blocking everyone else out .
i touched her silken skin , breathed in her scent , memorized every curve of her body .
spinning into ketchups embrace , i bury my face against his chest , breathing in the scent of his cologne in an effort to get away .
my hunger growls and roils inside of me , worsening with each step , but as i get closer to her i can smell her perfume and see the details of her face more clearly .
i take in the scent of her body , soap , sweat , and lotion .
i feel helpless as the scents of juniper and rabbitbrush drift through my mind .
her scent fills my lungs .
azalea took another shower so that the steam filled with the scent of jasmine and vanilla could calm her down .
the scent of lavender surrounded her as she shampooed her hair and the scent of vanilla as she applied her body lotion and temporary soothed her nerves .
the scent of lavender surrounded her as she shampooed her hair and the scent of vanilla as she applied her body lotion and temporary soothed her nerves .
there were stone benches and carved angels , the scent of jasmine , and honeysuckle .
the air was slightly muggy , a faint breeze carrying the scent of the river over the flowers .
the sea salt permeated the cool morning air , giving off a clean , sharp scent .
he enjoyed the trek out to the bluff , taking in the fresh salt air and smelling the familiar and wonderful scent of the sea .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the flowers .
as soon as he stepped inside the bookstore , he could smell wood and books , their scent overwhelming his nostrils .
this handkerchief carries his scent .
a whiff of perfume caught him and carried him off to exotic daydreams .
the lingering perfume was replaced by the stale stench of both the hut and her own unwashed body and clothes .
once again came the vision , the stream of gold light , the soft , warm breeze , the perfume .
myrrha remembered warmth and fresh clothes , perfume and gold light .
her perfume was almost palpable in the warm night and malin found himself looking into dark eyes , disturbingly aware of the slim young woman close beside him .
she hugs me tightly and i inhale her scent , scent of fresh rain and freshly cut grass floating on the wave of a breeze , never the less , i become an unbendable board in her embrace .
she hugs me tightly and i inhale her scent , scent of fresh rain and freshly cut grass floating on the wave of a breeze , never the less , i become an unbendable board in her embrace .
i love its scent when its crying .
i took a step towards him , re - entering the familiar territory of his aftershave scent and general warmth that usually embraces me .
moms favorite scent for this time of year .
i inhaled the scent of leaves and fire .
i do nt want to think about sera anymore or recall her scent .
i enveloped her , wrapping around her waist and inhaling her scent and drowning in her soft hair , the scent of fruit and spring filling me completely .
i enveloped her , wrapping around her waist and inhaling her scent and drowning in her soft hair , the scent of fruit and spring filling me completely .
the flood of her perfume made me gag .
i was still swallowing the smell of the nurse as though being suffocated by her perfume .
my favorite scent was heavy in the air .
she was a rush of perfume and smell of powder as she brushed my cheek and frowned .
her perfume plus her pheromones had me hypnotized .
best way for me to explain it is , a manly smell mixed with a woodsy forest scent , along with , was it ocean salt water ?
its the scent i associated with her , and the only scent i long for when i was in the battlefields .
i breathed in the scent that was kanela .
instead , the signature scent of lavender is back , and i caught my friggin breath .
her grandmothers tropical , coconut - oil scent permeated her .
the scent of the fish stew arose as it heated up .
along the way the sight of the palm trees and the scent of the tropical flowers permeated him , and , overcome with emotion , he stopped more than once to dab his eyes .
the werevals could smell them , a different scent amongst the reek of the willa flowers .
there was something so familiar , so safe about him , and she clung to him , breathing in the strong woody scent of his robes .
lizzie closed her eyes burying her face into the thick soft mane , the horses heartbeat pounding in her ears as she breathed in its warm earthy scent and as the smell flooded her senses , she was suddenly reminded of beauview .
lucas could nt breathe , the warm heavy scent smothering him now as she drew closer , but he did nt care ; all he could think about was how beautiful she was ; how badly he wanted to reach out to her ; how her touch felt like silk as she softly reached out and caressed his face , the sensation burning through his chest in waves .
there i inhale her hair again , taking in her sweet scent , kissing her hair , drawing all of her sweet nectar .
again and again , i lunge my tongue into her cavity and take my fill , capturing her tongue , drawing out all her scent and nectar .
seaweed floated from floor of the ocean and began filling my soul with scents from my past .
the scent of gasoline and grass that always seemed to cling to him wafted around me .
~~~~ entering ravenswood high the next day , i noticed girls at their lockers , primping or applying enough perfume to fill a factory ; whispering about some new student .
his face , his voice and scent , she remembered , the same scent she had detected within the pulse she craved .
his body relaxes and his arms pull me into a comforting embrace , holding me tight i know he breathes in the scent of my hair but i do nt care , i just need to be held .
at first dallon could not speak , his head filled with the sweet scent of lavender , the heady smell blocking his thoughts , yes he had a message , what was it again ?
beads of sweat built on his forehead as the smell of roses wafted through his senses once more , he did not want to witness further pain and shook his head to dispel the scent .
i lean against the shower wall and drink in my fresh scent , what hope is there for me now , i close my eyes and return the dial to blue hoping the shock will cause a reaction , sending my dull senses back to life .
i feel slightly small as he towers over me , my heart races and his scent invades my senses .
a chair is pulled out beside me and i can smell ayden 's scent .
his scent fills my senses and my eyes focus on his mouth .
i like him being this close , i inhale and his scent invades all my senses .
my hand rest on either side of her body and i take in her scent .
i rest my head against his chest and take in his scent .
his heavenly scent awakening all my senses .
i inhale her sweet scent , knowing it will be the last time .
he stood so close to her he could smell her perfume .
i like her smell , it 's different from what young women use to wear , i have never smelled that scent before .
the only smell my skin emitted was a clean scent from my bath soap .
i d just finished setting the timer when a warm musky scent came floating into the room .
i did nt find a trace of a florally scent , and i could smell everything .
my soap has a subtle scent , but nothing like freesias .
as the water cascaded down by body , i caught the lingering scent of chloes bath salts .
katie started rummaging through all the various aromatic fragrances , trying to decide which one would be the perfect scent .
well , he started to reveal , most women find its scent enticing , and men find it absolutely irresistible .
the first guy to catch a whiff of its scent will find himself obsessed with its female wearer .
his normally stubble - speckled face was clean - shaven , and i even caught a woodsy scent of fresh pine trees .
the subtle scent of musk and spearmint from daddys shirt helped , but in no way did it compare to blissful effects of professor prozac grey .
as i clutched my fathers shirt and took a whiff of its scent , i wondered , what will tomorrow bring ?
a subtle scent of flowers with a hint of spice filled the air .
the vision of his wet tousled hair and the faint scent of acqua di gio cologne , which i d smelled on him many times before , was undeniably intoxicating .
i did nt have the scent from daddys shirt anymore to comfort me , and i d dropped my amethyst in charlottes wine , though i doubted i would have used the tumbled purple tone if i d had it .
at one point , i could have sworn i smelled her perfume .
at my side she bent so close that i could smell her perfume mingled with perspiration there were electric fires on all sides of the couch- a cloying fragrance which made me shudder for some reason .
i asked him , feeling a tickle in my nose as i caught the scent of his aftershave .. bloody , he said , not cursing , for he never had since he left school , since he started work at the council offices , and he disapproved if i ever did .
he smelled more fragrant than i did , i realised , quickly tucking the tissue away , and thought i should have splashed some perfume on , but there was only my mothers , a musty funereal fragrance , not used since dad died .
i said no more about the life class but the memory was still there , and with it came the faint recollection of paulas perfume , the vaguest hint of something expensive beneath the slight tang of sweat .
i coul smell her perfume , a little stronger now that it was nt diluted by the sweat of the life class , could feel the warmth of the womans breath on my cheek .
we talked about what it was like to work on the post bloody awful in weather like this- and where i would go after my foundation course away , anywhere- and as the warmth crept slowly through my limbs the perfume of paula subtly permeated the air ; her voice took on a fragrance , too , and washed over me , i was half inclined to close my eyes and curl up in that chair , as if the conversation was a bedtime story lulling me to sleep .
i sensed rather than saw that she was there , could smell her warmth at the same time as her perfume .
i suppose it was unfair of me , but i found myself making comparisons all the time ; the clothes i had once thought so smart on him now seemed a little less so , the aftershave he wore even though i had bought it for him- seemed a touch too obvious , and i could only think that he splashed it on whereas paula used her scents more cleverly .
go get it yourself , his secretary answered , sniffing audibly , disguising her disdain for him with a snooty appreciation of her expensive perfume .
the clucking of mccreadys chicken apart , and the pungent perfume of ceris two tramps , the profusion of naked breasts bore witness to the traditionalists success .
griff also sniffed , taking in her perfume as she walked away .
rann cuddles me into the large space when my nostrils smell the sweat of male bodies and the perfume of females .
and it smelled like mark , a clean manly scent .
for a moment i believe we are about to go back into training mode so i cautiously respond that she has mentioned it and much to my relief he starts talking some more she hears power , like a buzz , i on the other hand smell power , it smells different for everyone , varying strengths and scents , but for you it is overwhelming , it is a cacophony of smells all good .
we have been out here for almost two hours and i have not been able to control my abilities at all , he says it is disorienting and keeps complaining about a sickeningly sweet scent i have nt asked him , but i believe it is getting more difficult for him to shut off his abilities around me .
the scent of the sodden , musty earth rises into my nostrils , and the earthy fragrance reminds me of when gemma and i used to hang out in the woods behind our lane , commiserating about how unfair life is for laborers .
they keep their distance from me , and i realize the alluring scent of my blood must be hanging in the air , the sweet aroma of my essence almost teasing them .
every day i ran out into the fields , inhaling the scent of pine wood and blossoming flowers .
a vaguely familiar scent permeated the air .
tears sprung from my eyes , while a lovely scent went inside my nose , weakening my senses .
the scent of lilies overwhelming the entire vast field .
my lips were trembling , pale as white and he smelled good , not cigarettes , but the scent of flowers .
i nearly gagged as the sharp scent of blood went up to my nose , and sensing my alarming situation , scar cupped the mask on my face , engulfing me with the light smell of sweat and roses .
the odd familiarity of his scent made me feel comfortable , somehow .
he smelled nice , the perfume he wore did nt smell dark or light , just right .
even if he smelled different , i still remembered the familiar scent of scar , but the thought of him ached my heart .
the scent of roses went up to my nose .
he smelled good , for once , i had to admit that he never wore perfume in his life .
the familiar scent of golden flowers , the beautiful dresses that she used to wear , and the serious face she had .
a rich scent of pine filled the air .
steam rose from it and sorren inhaled its warm exotic scent , a citrus perhaps , like some sort of strange fruit .
he drew in a deep breath , closed his eyes , and pretended to be intoxicated by the scent of the offering .
she paused to inhale the fragrant perfume of cocoa and vanilla wafting through the air , and closed the door behind her .
she inhaled the faint scent of ammonia .
hopping into the car , i catch a whiff of a familiar , heavenly scent .
as he moves closer to me , the scent of my favorite mens cologne emanates around him .
footsteps approach and i know by the heavy perfume that suddenly fills the air that its maureen .
the scent of hay and manure flood my nostrils as a breeze blows through the barn .
the scent of baked cheese combined with the aroma of fresh bread and bacon washed over thomas .
a strong scent of cinnamon enveloped justin .
a whiff of some herbal scent drifted around his face .
as she inhaled the sweet scent , her face went from drawn and pale to fuller , with more color .
he came close enough so that i could smell the scent of fresh mint on him , but not close enough to touch me .
what is your favorite scent ?
the weather outside is so hot but sitting near the window allows me to enjoy a cool breeze before it gets contaminated with others students expensive perfumes , sweat and snacks they ' ve sneak in .
# 6 i remember the sharp chills , down my spine the missed heartbeats the cold shivers that left me sweating the sweet smells of your scent , full of love i could forever think of you , live for you , die for you i could have held you close , and my heart would always be your peaceful dwelling i coulda , woulda , shoulda stood by you , amidst the roughest storm , and laughed with you on an easy sunday morning we would have held hands down the street counted stars under the moonlight kissed at the site of the rainbow made love first thing at dawn grown grey by each other 's side though you crushed my heart i still got the memories , so dear and close i hug them i 'll cherish you for the little time you possessed my heart , thoughts and fantasies now that you given them to another the brain of a woman in magical !
fancy shoes , classy jewellery and accessories , expensive clothes , nauseating perfumes and embarrassing make - up is just but a tip of the iceberg of how these girls have planned to celebrate their end of the exhausting 8 - 4 - 4 education system .
the scent of the pine trees calmed me as i cuddled up in a fleece blanket in the brisk cold weather .
i m looking for a gift for taylor , and i think he would like that scent .
i walked to the bathroom and put some red lipstick on and my best perfume .
you look pretty handsome yourself , i inhaled deeply and smelled his amazing scent , and you smell good .
the scent of pine trees and rainwater emanated from the park .
the scent of toasted marshmallows was so enticing .
as my mom opened the door , the scent of lavender and vanilla cascaded out of my apartment and invigorated my senses .
but all i could smell was echos enticing scent breezing past me .
as i approached the end of the hall , i could already smell my grandmas potent perfume emanating from her room .
he drew in a deep breath , closing his eyes briefly at the heady scent of trees , sun - warmed grass , and horse .
* chapter 26 my eyes devour my tongue touches everywhere my fingers hear sighs of pleasure my ears the trembling of your soul the perfume of love the desire she s standing in the lower hall , looking up the stairs towards me .
there is no perfume so heady , so intoxicating , so changeable .
his words , his touch , his kiss , his taste , his perfume ?
gardenia perfume invades the kitchen as mom scurries in and fills up a travel mug with coffee .
i slow to a walk and smell the scent of gardenias , which is weird since there are no gardenias anywhere on murdock 's ranch .
chapter thirteen his saturday morning scent warms me .
chapter fifteen his saturday morning scent lingers .
he has me again as his saturday morning scent rides the breeze to my nose .
i walk outside and catch his familiar scent as i brush by him .
she 's reeks of ancient perfume , too strong and too much .
her perfume is making me sick .
my head dipped slightly and , for a brief second , i caught a whiff of his scent : a mixture of shampoo and cologne .
later that evening , following the scent of tomato sauce and garlic bread , i entered the kitchen .
my face against his firm chest , taking in his cologne , body scent .
james murmured from behind , the scent of his body wash and cologne invading my senses .
his head pressed against my chest , breathing in and out as if my scent provided exactly what he needed at the moment .
the smell of her sweet lexium red perfume was intoxicating , and it made his mind cloudy .
i caught a whiff of her perfume ; a romantic , feminine scent - a grown woman 's scent .
i caught a whiff of her perfume ; a romantic , feminine scent - a grown woman 's scent .
i caught a whiff of her perfume ; a romantic , feminine scent - a grown woman 's scent .
he had helped them with their luggage , joking about the smell that leaked out of harrys sports bag och , how i ve missed the sweet scent o your trainers .
there was a little good - hearted ribbing about being in a confined space with harrys feet though , in truth , his new hi tops delivered by speed courier the previous morning were too new to harbour his own personal perfume , as he d put it .
there was also the pungent scents of damp pelts , clothes , of the great dogs who wandered royally through the crowd , with no one daring to challenge this right .
i breathe in the scent , drawing courage from all that is familiar .
every window is clamped shut , offering no draft or scent of fresh air .
the scent of peaches tickles the air with her presence .
the lady with the furs and cloying perfume put off a stinky rich odor but did n't scream psycho serial killer .
a whiff of perfume makes me grimace .
smell the sweet scent of wildflowers .
i say in a raspy voice , then the sweet scent of peaches flows over me , sending goosebumps across my arms .
a light lilac perfume lingers in the air around her .
i know it 's her by the faint scent of peaches .
the fringes of her hair brush my cheek and i breathe in the scent of her , of all things beautiful and sunny .
it 's a nice scent but one i do n't smell often .
we walk for a good fifteen minutes before we hit a clearing and i see a field of flowers ; the flowers had the same scent as the ones i smelled before we swam through the stream .
i catch a whiff of the scent and feel calmer .
i close my eyes and just take in the scent .
the scent of tobacco is barely noticeable over the aroma of a gourmet meal .
and the smell is the clean scent of a medical practice that some people hate , but is comforting to me .
the scent of the mixed herbs fills my nostrils , drowning out the salty air .
he closed the door to his room and hurried down the short hallway to the stairs , the delicious scent of pot roast , mashed potatoes and some sort of sweet dessert pie if he guessed correctly wafted up to him .
he sat down and embraced her , enjoying the rosy fragrance of her perfume .
the gray slacks of the milling guards around me muted into one canvas ; mechanical radio voices initially shrill from excited communications dulled into a low whine ; the scent of pepper in the air grew faint , and the sour taste of my own blood was not enough to keep me aware .
i watched him , laughing to myself , the mixed scent of mint and whiskey that offended my nostrils was so strong that i stepped back , expecting the source of the stench to come out of his mouth at any moment .
i even remember the sounds , the scents ; i recall the entire play by play .
displaced , the store 's foul odor reminded me of sweat , pigs ' feet , and bad breath ; masked with chanel perfume .
her hair was white , and thinning ; her skin was sagging in the appropriate places , with wrinkles abundant , with an unmistakable scent of vicks vapor rub , and teriyaki beef jerky .
as i opened the door , i was greeted by an overwhelming scent of pine - sol , with my place much cleaner than i had left it .
i accepted it , raising the mug to my nose to smell the familiar scent and took a sip .
as i held her , my face was against the nape of her neck and her soft hair that smelled like her perfume .
he walked down the carpeted stairs into the dark kitchen and inhaled the residual , clashing scents of baked sole and apple pie .
he noticed the hint of perfume in the air .
he decided not to mention her jasmine - scented perfume .
jayson counted one perfume - scented , rose - colored envelope with only the return address ; one avocado green envelope with a womans name and return address ; two white envelopes with no return addresses ; and two white envelopes with womens names and return addresses .
he also noticed the pleasant scent of her perfume but chose to keep that fact to himself .
he also noticed the pleasant scent of her perfume but chose to keep that fact to himself .
seated beside alexandra , her perfume tickling his nostrils , jonathan felt her squeeze his hand .
every scent , sound , and taste felt like one thing .
a breeze blew across the balcony , carrying the scents of the city .
chris still dragging dave by the arm , the group filed out of the restaurant and across the lobby into the hotel bar ; the room quiet , the lights dimmed , and the scent of fresh coffee hanging in the air .
the air was full of the scent of slowly roasting meat and jtan could smell the distinctive aroma of the herbal water infusion samali was so partial to .
the heady scent of old paper filled his nostrils and a languid chill foisted deep within his bones .
daniel sensed her jealously and brushed it off , glad he could get a reaction from hershe had washed her hair and put in up in a knot of sortsas they got outside the wind was blowing , she was the first one out the door and was pushed back by a strong gale .. daniel caught her as she stumbled back ; he held her close breathing in her scent selah felt his arms around her , liking the feel of his chest on her back , her hair had been put up quickly and the wind undid her twist , her wet hair flew and covered daniel face , i m sorry daniel he grabbed her wrist and told her you did nothing wrong selah , you do nt have to be sorry for anything he did nt want to let her go , she would nt see him tonight in the void unless she wanted to .
asa , rosemary and i , all joining her , sucked in the faintest , miles - away scent .
bulletin boards hung on the walls , and ancient scents drifted in the air from thousands of dogs who had passed through the shelter .
james could smell the scents too , and tried to clean away the traces and echoes of his lost family by vacuuming and dusting , and even cleaning some windows .
a scent of perfume wafted into the room , and anthea knew lady ciutta was behind her .
a scent of perfume wafted into the room , and anthea knew lady ciutta was behind her .
next , with her hair now a bright , flowing gold , she applied generous amounts of perfume and headed east toward imperial square in broad daylight .
as claudio waited on the deck of the vanguard , he caught a scent of curry and cinnamon and spice ; yet whether it was just his imagination or not , he did nt know .
in the damp chill , anthea surveyed the greenery and took in the wondrous scent of lavender and pines .
he followed the strengthening scent of spice and searing meat .
platters of sauteed vegetables , creamy sauces , mounds of manteil , spicy purees , and thick slabs of rich , dark bread sat on the table , their smells swirling and blending into a tantalizing perfume .
the air was fresh and fragrant with the scent of lilac and lily - of - the - valley which grew in abundance all around the house .
the hotel in the national park , where the actors and musicians lodged , was a two - storey building made of logs , giving the rooms a pleasant pine scent .
her scent still seems to linger in every room of the apartment , though this could be his imagination .
a breeze ruffled his hair and a scent of jasmine wafted across him .
he stood in the hallway a moment and inhaled deeply , savoring the delicious scent .
the scent of jasmine was strong in the air and palm trees clattered and whispered .
they entered into a courtyard , quiet and serene , perfumed with the scent of flowers growing in small plots here and there .
a breeze blew a perfume of citrus blossoms through the air .
he stoked it , adding aromatic pitch and wood to it , standing back at last to inhale the sweet scent .
as she walked by me , i caught a whiff of her perfume .
it would also explain why i love the feel of soft things against my skin and the smell of perfume .
i could smell her perfume and see the lite pink lipstick she had on and i felt like i was getting lite headed again .
i could smell her perfume , a sweet smell that made me feel better .
the moist air around them was redolent with the scent of the wild laurel that was blooming all around them .
and when , on one occasion , you presented to me the flowers you had brought from the town , a sweet and thoughtful gesture , did i not accept them most happily , enjoying their scent and beauty ?
the sweet scent of feminine colognes and toiletries masked whatever carnal scents lingered in mary ellens room .
the club is dark and smells like stale beer mixed with cheap perfume , with an undertone of dishwasher steam .
his breath was slow and steady ; the scent of fresh grass and humid air mixed with cigarettes and exhaust pipes in gusts of warm wind carried passed his nose .
it was warm , with tall ceilings and redbrick walls and the scent of fresh beans in the air .
he wondered faintly if he d had enough sleep , when the sweet and humid scent of raw pumpkin reached his nose .
she hugged his pillow tightly and tried to breathe in his scent .
he had such a beautiful scent .
i even ca nt think what to do , because of the intensive and sexually explicit scent that is pervading from nars hair and compressing my nose .
nar even does nt move her finger , just excretes her apple scent through my nose .
the magic scent of her hair sticks on the walls .
and the same smells the apple aroma of eraser scents from nars hair i turn my right , i see a girl with scarlet hair is sleeping in other sleeping bag .
her face is closed by her hair , the same scent , approximately in the same height .
the intense scent of this woman surrounds me that do nt let me breathing for a split second .
she smells the faint scent of a familiar aftershave and starts racking her memory for which one it is .
her grandmother steps in with a faint scent of lavender , takes the door out of her hand , and closes it with a snap .
its comforting scent rises through her palate .
its hard to talk one - on - one in groups with all the competing calls on her attention , the many voices , the diversity of clothing and colours , the overflowing buffets with their competing smells of sweet and drink , the odd perfume or cologne punishing her nose , the brushing of auras against her skin , the cacophony .
she pours the cereal into the bowl , trying to hurry , both her mind and stomach saying faster faster as the scent of wheat is released when cereal hits bowl .
she pops open the carton and inhales its sweet scent before pouring its bluish whiteness into the bowl until bits of cereal float up .
the mansions aroma was like so many aged homes : embedded fireplace smoke , food smells , old paints , floor wax ; a familiar homey scent to it .
i tried to smell that perfume on her , but my nose gave me no result .
my engineering mind was trying to put together what she told me , what happened to my back and the music , her scent of lavender and frankincense , her apparent youth , the way she moved - i could nt make sense of it .
she led me back down the hall to the front door , her lavender and frankincense scent was as i always remembered .
raw oyster appetizers followed with a four pound maine lobster that we paired with a bottle of a new zealand sauvignon blanc with a beautiful floral scent to it .
there was no trace of aysels fragrance , or the homey scents that welcomed me yesterday .
he knew and appreciated , one of the reasons why i frequented this shop was to look at him , enjoy his scent , and the sight of his lean body .
as the scents grew strong around and inside of me , she looked into my eyes with her bright green eyes , then closed them .
the sound quieted and the perfume lessened .
she sniffed my neck and i smelled her perfume .
mmm , leyna said as she slid her hand up my leg and smelled my recently sprayed perfume behind my ear .
i smelled what i thought was her perfume and imagined her standing in that dress and heels looking about forty something .
little black dress maybe , some heels , nice gold earrings and necklace , hair in a bun , eyeshadow , lipstick , mascara , perfume , and fresh - brushed teeth .
as they approached , not even the heady scent of night - blooming jasmine could mask the stench of putrefying flesh .
val switched off the ceiling fan and lay back in bed to catch the traces of her scent on the pillows .
it was cool on the balcony , the air loaded with the scent of hibiscus and bougainvillea , and val was tempted to order a bottle of wine , drink a toast to his wifes pregnancy , and forget all about jackson for a few hours .
i caught the faintest , incongruously erotic swell of her perfume .
i smelled her perfume , a taut blend of fruit and acid , as i walked into the darkness towards my car .
again her perfume tantalised my senses .
the windows , though clean and with the fresh scent of lysol , had strips of transparent tape blocking the cracked aspects of its features .
and like one that adorns the smell of gasoline , or a child that clings to the scent of sweets , alex absorbed the salty smell with glee .
the familiar scent of the house sifted into her nose once again ( though slightly more so now ) .
its potent scent sifted into her nose as she inhaled , causing a brief sensation of wooziness .
he cried , muffled by the scent of the cloth sifting into his nose , into his mouth .
the lab coat he wore had the scent of cigarettes , and his breath smelled of bourbon rinsed with listerine .
the scent of lilies and roses made the hospital smell more like nature and less like rubbing alcohol .
she liked the aromatic scent , but she would nt have bothered except for the waters ability to repel mosquitoes .
to thomas the country boy these scents were likely background ; to her , a city girl since leaving for college , they were pure heaven .
he caught whiffs of her perfume in the air , strangely feeling her presence close , just out of reach , and her crying only seemed to deepen each time he called out to her .
he was pressed close to her ; her scent was surprisingly warming to him .
yes , and a packet of tissues for a scent , greg added , then looked at her with a wry smile .
it was a calm spring night , the air heavy with the scent of the ubiquitous tropical flowers , beaded with moisture from the cloudbursts that had sulked over the hazy , humid day .
he hesitated for a brief instant and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral , as inviting as anything he d ever dreamt of .
he inhaled a sweet flowery scent as she sat down .
breathing in his musky , male scent , she felt a buzz of sexual awareness .
breathing in his warm male scent , she knew she should stop him , but she was so tired of fighting today .
the sweet scent of roses wafted through the room .
the delicious breakfast scents filled her senses as she entered the room .
the bold , rich scent of it drifted in the air .
a citrusy scent filled the air .
it was unseasonably warm and the spicy scent of hot cheese pizza wafted around vinnie van go - gos .
sandy 's perfume , a musk oil i recognized but could n't recall the name of , enveloped the small space of the car 's interior .
a breeze wafting down the chimney ruffled the remnants of last nights fire in the fireplace and blew a faint scent of charred ashes and wood into the room .
her perfume wrapped around me like a warm embrace , reminding me of pleasant things long passed .
a perfume , one i did not recognize , a musk oil of some kind , overwhelmed the small office .
the smells emanating from the cabin were familiar , disinfectant , recently fried food , diesel fumes , coconut oil , and a perfume that i recognized , but could not name .
she wore the same musk oil perfume that had so overwhelmed my small office on her first visit .
difficult to document events like telepathic communications , odors , and scents like sulfur , ammonia , perfume , and flowers are written down in my notepad .
difficult to document events like telepathic communications , odors , and scents like sulfur , ammonia , perfume , and flowers are written down in my notepad .
i inhale the scents of the sage and lichen - covered rock moist from the morning dew .
the faint scents of manure and hay hang in the air .
it smells like burning charcoal with a scent of sage and desert dew .
neewa raises her nose into the air , inhaling their scent .
she decided a shower and change of clothes was in order even though she could still discern , very faintly , the scent of lances cologne on her clothes .
lance 's scent was fading from the fabric , and she was momentarily bereft .
no perfume or any of that , but i could smell her sweat , body odor , her sex .
a scent , something familiar , something that i had n't smelled in a very long time , hit me .
to savour her warmth and scent is like nothing else in my life , for that moment in time calmness washes over me .
then we leant inwards to each other and kissed and as our skin brushed gently together , i could smell her sweet scent that so coalesced with my own .
then a slender hand placed itself on his shoulder , the light touch and whiff of expensive perfume let him know it as obviously female ; he was about to turn around when a sultry voice whispered in his ear ; its a ten david ; its worth a hundred thousand at least .
to top it off , she s wearing my favorite scent : vanilla .
while i love that scent , i do nt usually wear it myself .
inside , the caf fills my nose with the scent of delicious homemade - smelling food .
the scent of vanilla fills my nose .
a seconds more awkward silence , her perfume for a moment reaching them , overlaying the smoke and beer .
breathes in deeply and smells the sweetness of decay , the perfume of flowers and freshly turned earth .
` ` i guess her perfume was so strong my clothes absorbed some of it . ''
it seemed so real i could almost smell the scent on sheila 's body .
surely he could smell the aqua scent on me right ?
nothing changed in the sights , scents and sounds around me .
a sweet scent permeated the air as remains of a perfume washed over him .
a sweet scent permeated the air as remains of a perfume washed over him .
flowers of every kind were divided into neat rows as if guarding the stone pathway , and gave off an intoxicating scent .
her looks , her flowery perfume , her temperament ; it was all very appealing .
he could smell her presence , the clean smell of hair shampoo and soap together with a faint whiff of perfume as she bent over to see his plan .
the silence , along with the scent of wood and of old books , made it the perfect place to collect my thoughts , to hide from the otherwise hectic pace of life at the university .
the air was carrying the scent of the early - morning coast .
a warm breeze carried the heady scent of this ancient quarter on its wings .
breathing in the faint scent of jasmine on the breeze , he decided today he would get to work on that faulty door latch in the upstairs guest room .
he could hardly recall his father yet just thinking of him brought back the sickly sweet scent of the flowers and carried him back to those dreadful days they d been cooped up inside , the curtains at half - mast .
the humid air grew heavy with the stale smell of dime - store perfume , duty free scents and hot bodies .
the humid air grew heavy with the stale smell of dime - store perfume , duty free scents and hot bodies .
the delicate scent rising from the posy bowl reached him .
he remembered the warm earthy scents and the colourful flash of parrots against the dull green jungle .
the sight of the blooms and their scent lingering in the warm air made her glad .
the faint scent of pine was fading as they opened the doors and windows to cool the room .
the scent of lavender escaped into the room .
as she smoothed out the wrinkles and sang , the scent would fill the room .
in the bathroom she splashed water over her face , squirted some perfume behind her ears and raked a comb through her hair .
she nibbled at her freshly applied lipstick as she checked the reservations and the air carried the scent of her perfume , not yet faded by busy activity .
she nibbled at her freshly applied lipstick as she checked the reservations and the air carried the scent of her perfume , not yet faded by busy activity .
the aromatic pine scent of the car freshener greeted him along with a hint of old leather and armor all .
the lofts were spitting distance from interstate 190 and ivan could smell the stale exhaust mingling with the fresh scent of autumn .
the scent of pine trees and freshly fallen leaves rode the gentle twist of the wind .
the night air filled his lungs with the scent of the elm tree in the front yard and nuncio slammed the door behind them .
he took two quick pulls on it , filling the room with the scent of burning tobacco .
he glanced at alex vaughn again and then took a step towards agent price and leaned in so close he could smell a hint of her perfume .
the faded smell of her perfume barely lingered .
i breathed in the heavenly scents , wishing i could dip my finger and sneak a swipe of a delicious - looking cake , but i did nt want to get kicked out .
the scents are wonderful !
he caught the faint scent of pipe tobacco as he stripped off his clothes , and made a mental note to brush his teeth before exiting the bathroom .
a lingering scent , almost like cinnamon , tinted every breath drawn with a hint of both comfort and excitement , and the pristine , well - stocked shelves of expensive vodka and scotch made the entire room feel like something out of a scene from an old gangster film .
a lemony scent of wood cleaner added to the usual spicy aroma , making dennis feel oddly hungry .
as i adjusted my grip on the book , i became aware of a faint scent which i had not noticed on previous occasions , like that of earth , and of ancient incense .
and again , i was conscious of an odour cold earth , as on that other occasion , but also a faint scent of narcissus .
the perfume of narcissus was suddenly intolerable .
the strange perfume had vanished as though it had never been .
certain musical passages , certain phrases ( i can still hear west saying lets get on with it , then , as he always did as we began one of our revivifications ) , and scents such as the autumnal odour of ripe decay , the smell of wood smoke , or the perfumes of sandalwood and narcissus , bring back to an almost intolerable degree the intensity of that time .
certain musical passages , certain phrases ( i can still hear west saying lets get on with it , then , as he always did as we began one of our revivifications ) , and scents such as the autumnal odour of ripe decay , the smell of wood smoke , or the perfumes of sandalwood and narcissus , bring back to an almost intolerable degree the intensity of that time .
i could smell the freshness of wet grass and leaves , and the perfume of night - scented stocks .
he was now so near to me that i caught a faint scent of narcissus , probably from the stuff he used on his hair .
i stood for long moments with my hand pressed to my lips , until the perfume of night - scented stocks had obliterated the scent of narcissus and the turmoil inside me had subsided .
i stood for long moments with my hand pressed to my lips , until the perfume of night - scented stocks had obliterated the scent of narcissus and the turmoil inside me had subsided .
as i shifted it to get a better grip , his head lolled against my shoulder and i smelled the perfume of narcissus from his hair , and from the sheet he was wrapped in , the scent of lavender .
as i shifted it to get a better grip , his head lolled against my shoulder and i smelled the perfume of narcissus from his hair , and from the sheet he was wrapped in , the scent of lavender .
there were no lingering perfumes here , only a cold stench of the preservatives with which he had been filled .
the sheets and pillowslips were clean and smelled of sea air and wood smoke but to the counterpane there clung , very faintly , the scent of narcissus .
he smelt the subtle musk of her perfume and body odour , mingled with the taste of her lip gloss and he felt himself starting to grow and harden as the incredible eroticism of what was happening came home to him .
the sizzling died down as the smell of charred flesh overpowered the sweet scent of orchids .
smiling to himself , he sniffed the air again noting a faint scent .
and something about the smell , a sweet vanilla perfume .
meet someone , settle down , raise a family , get fat , get old , feel the knot of suspicion ball up in her chest when he got home late , smell the perfume on his collar , listen in on the secret phone calls .
rachel was wearing the kind of perfume that just smells of perfume , the rare kind that only pretty girls and aged movie stars can pull off .
did he tell the truth and say he hated the intoxicating smell of bad perfume , the constant sounds of coughing and sneezing , the wailing babies , the uncomfortable pews , the boring sermons ?
the caddy idled its smooth purr as he closed his eyes and breathed in the faint pine scent provided by a cardboard tree that hung from the rearview mirror .
the smell of ale and cheap liquor permeated the long narrow room ; he was pleasantly surprised to smell her perfume over it .
i inhaled the richness of her perfume .
it was nt even the kiss so much as the closeness , the smell of her perfume .
she rested her head on my shoulder and i breathed in the intoxicating fragrance of her perfume .
her fruity fragrance immediately consumed the car , competing with the scent i was wearing .
now gifts bulged out from under the christmas tree , and she was calculating their cost when her mothers friends came into the room , filling it with the smell of sweet perfume .
he closed his eyes , the smell of her perfume familiar , too much so , and he almost whispered susans name .
the scent of blood filled the air , and i silently let out a groan as my beast reminded me that i had nt fed yet .
i grimaced as i picked up multiple scents lingering in the air .
the gardeners opened the sprinklers to ensure that the guests would enjoy the scent of fresh plants and flowers during their breakfast or their jog through the lush gardens towards the beach .
i gazed blindly ahead while i recalled the scent of vanilla and a room crowded with faded memories .
above the musty odour of mould that coated the banks of the canal and the rank smell from the thin line of water that coursed along its floor , i detected the faint scent of oranges drifting from her hair .
the scent of oranges wafted faintly from her hair .
the now sweetly familiar and strangely intoxicating scent of oranges wafted from her hair and the skin on her nape inches from my face .
and throughout it all , the heady smell of oranges that infused the space around our bodies , drowning me in her scent .
a familiar scent reached my nostrils above the rich aroma of coffee wafting from within it .
the familiar scent of pall mall slowly clouded the air .
the scent of the grass tickled his nose , but here too he caught an odd tinge ; the warm night air wafted a damp , pungent aroma , as if the fresh spring grass was already wilting and rotten .
he felt like a fly on the lip of a biting plant , at the moment when the sweet scent of nectar gives way to the stench of digested flesh .
a warm breeze moved through the trees , making the leaves rustle , and carrying the scents of sap and the perfume of cherries .
a warm breeze moved through the trees , making the leaves rustle , and carrying the scents of sap and the perfume of cherries .
it came to him as a faint background to the too sweet perfumes of forest flowers , the earthy scent of rotting leaves , and the sickening odour of decaying flesh from the tigers last kill .
it came to him as a faint background to the too sweet perfumes of forest flowers , the earthy scent of rotting leaves , and the sickening odour of decaying flesh from the tigers last kill .
she bent to put the packet away , but the sight of it , the feel of wrapper as it crinkled against her skin , the gentle waft of sugar , the scent of artificial preservatives , of synthetic strawberry cream , the total sensory impact of the packet arrested her motion .
no boss , no job , no wailing alarm in the dark hours of the morning , no hustling for the commute , shivering on a subway platform or being packed on a shuddering bus , the air flesh hot , blood hot , muggy with sweat , thick with the scents of perfume , deodorant , tobacco or , more often today , nicotine gum .
no boss , no job , no wailing alarm in the dark hours of the morning , no hustling for the commute , shivering on a subway platform or being packed on a shuddering bus , the air flesh hot , blood hot , muggy with sweat , thick with the scents of perfume , deodorant , tobacco or , more often today , nicotine gum .
he tasted her perfume , a subtle hint of jasmine and honey .
as she spoke , he caught her scent again , her perfume of jasmine and honey , strong upon him .
as she spoke , he caught her scent again , her perfume of jasmine and honey , strong upon him .
the morning air blew chill kisses at his lips and cheeks , and carried the city 's perfume of stale cheese burgers , the hot chemical reek of the launderette , the yeasty goodness of bread rising in the bakery oven .
their perfumes of aniseed and ambergris , rose petals and saffron failed to excite his olfactory nerves .
triolet wore a subtle french perfume , the essences of a dozen varieties of orchid combined so as to suggest a colourful field of flowers , tall , straight , and unconcerned with human affairs .
they ran hand in hand through the fields of flowers at grass , all reds , yellows , sultry oranges and velvet purples , and they tasted nature 's sweet scents , and man 's work of refined essences and aromas , the honeydew , the ambergris , the distilled scent of celestial nectar .
they ran hand in hand through the fields of flowers at grass , all reds , yellows , sultry oranges and velvet purples , and they tasted nature 's sweet scents , and man 's work of refined essences and aromas , the honeydew , the ambergris , the distilled scent of celestial nectar .
the food filled the air with mouth - watering scents , which mingled with the perfume worn by the diners .
the food filled the air with mouth - watering scents , which mingled with the perfume worn by the diners .
her make - up was subtle and i caught a slight smell of her perfume .
i caught a whiff of vanessas perfume and turned around .
i did nt see vanessa arrive at that moment but i knew she was sitting beside me when i caught a pleasant draft of her perfume .
but the cool crispness and scent of the clean sheets did nt help and i laid wide awake , staring at the digital clock .
oakwood glistened and released the scent of ripe tangerines .
it was the first time i drew in the roasted almond scent emanating from his burning candles on the nightstand .
strands of my hair were still damp from last nights bath with the scent of apricot shampoo tangled on the ends .
the warm scent of cinnamon drew me down the hallway like fishs bait , and i was the idiot fish turning the corner .
the house had flooded with the scent of raisins , cinnamon , and cookie dough , and tre had nt offered his goodies to anyone else but me .
if only the helmet would disappear , i could nestle my cheek on his shoulder and inhale the scent of him .
right now , the warm scents of cotton candy and funnel cakes floated in the air .
i pulled the wool material over my head , taking in the scent of oranges and spice .
the familiar almond perfume struck a chord and immediately heated the lower parts of my stomach .
the acrid smell of burnt rubber and the coppery scent of fresh blood filled the air .
she set her lips on his and kissed him , long and deep , working her tongue in his mouth , filling his nostrils with her unwashed , cigarette - and - coffee - colored - sweat scent , and placed one hand on his forearm , squeezing as a lover might to silently settle their partner .
he stood in the space through which she had passed , the faint scent of her perfume detectable for only a moment , and watched her glide into the cafe .
he stood in the space through which she had passed , the faint scent of her perfume detectable for only a moment , and watched her glide into the cafe .
eagerly , he drew the apple - scented air in through his nostrils , letting the scent cleanse his sinuses of the caustic soot he d been breathing inside the building .
lepages nostrils filled with the scent of her perfume as he stared into her green eyes .
lepages nostrils filled with the scent of her perfume as he stared into her green eyes .
through the doorway were the bright light of the sun and the welcome scent of the overgrown garden , which was spacious , if poorly tended .
he inched closer until he could smell the light scent of strawberry that drifted up from her hair .
the bathroom door was open and scents of steamy lavender wafted towards him .
inhaling the perfume of the coconut palms , pamela tossed a coin to a kid and asked him what was new .
as clouds boiled and surged above them , as the north wind howled , they luxuriated in the fragrant warmth of 100 degree water which was perfumed with an exquisite scent .
the best aspect of its location was that air there was suffused with the most wonderful perfume .
the divine perfume of the tropics , the incense of pimento and no end of spices that she used to inhale in the markets of columbia , and all those glorious miles of bougainvillea and jonquil which filled the city she once called her home , were exactly what she wanted now .
it was easy to dismiss the birch and even the maples , because the scent of the evergreens was what really impressed one most about these north woods .
the rain fell in torrents for only a few minutes , but , aprs le deluge , when the clouds cleared away , when the winds no longer blew in torrential gusts , when the cool air had been washed in the cleansing rain , the atmosphere became as sweet as perfume and was indeed intoxicating to inhale .
by purest coincidence i was doing some copying of my own round about then and ended up on the copy line right behind her , inhaling her perfume .
without a word she spun around , leaving a cloud of exquisite floral perfume in her wake .
what had happened to the dangling turquoise earrings , enough musky perfume to obscure radar , at least one endangered fur draped somewhere ?
he loved the flowers of crete , and the afternoon was fragrant with the scent of jasmine and lemon blossoms .
he was unlocking the car and helping her in , loving the feel of her body , her scent .
and the dark triangle was still luxuriant , redolent with her scent .
it all mingled together with the scent of trees and summer .
her perfume enters my nose and caresses my skin .
you no longer emotion me , even the scent of that one - hundred - euro - per - bottle perfume bothers me , it makes me want to sneeze .
you no longer emotion me , even the scent of that one - hundred - euro - per - bottle perfume bothers me , it makes me want to sneeze .
a subtle undertow of human sweat now mixed with the perfume of oil and diesel exhaust .
i lay my head down on the dirty material and breathed in the perfume of another mans body .
i buried my head in my mothers breast , smelling her sweet perfume , and for a while i was the lost boy from the stories , the prodigal returned .
the intoxicating smells coming off marisa were almost too much a whiff of chanel perfume , the cotton candy smell of her hair , the sugar cookie scent of her lipgloss .
the intoxicating smells coming off marisa were almost too much a whiff of chanel perfume , the cotton candy smell of her hair , the sugar cookie scent of her lipgloss .
he was so much taller than her and her face was against his stomach and she inhaled his scent .
you were wearing earrings too , and the perfume was muskier than this one , which has a pretty noticeable floral attribute , even a little bit of citric .
the cleansing scent of eucalyptus filled the air .
once behind the wheel of his baby blue 57 chevy , ben drew in a deep breath and allowed the scent of the leather upholstery to fill his senses .
instantly , his senses were tantalised with the aroma of fresh coffee beans and a less familiar scent he figured could be cinnamon .
he ran his hand up her arm , taking in the softness of her skin ; the sweet smell of perfume radiated from her every pore .
i m not nervous , you re mixing up your scents .
i said and did nothing as he moved his face closer to my neck , inhaling my scent .
he stood close enough to inhale my scent and did .
he often called back those happy days , and all he wanted now was to crawl under a shady tree and listen to the chirping birds , smell the scent of grass .
the first time i smelled the scent i committed it to memory .
when i was at target some days later i smelled all the shampoos until i found annas scent .
he dipped a finger into the pallid ichor situated behind the eye and remarked of its scent .
he could pick out the scent of cheap tobacco clinging to their rain soaked garments .
the wind billowed lightly across the freshly cut grass at his feet and the sweet scent of summer flowers filled his nostrils .
a light wind billowed through the open window and brought the scents of the city with it .
she was smiling , and the heady scent of dior perfume drifted down from her and startled his fragile senses .
she was smiling , and the heady scent of dior perfume drifted down from her and startled his fragile senses .
crystal waves tinged with the scent of seaweed lapped up onto the hot white shore like a bubble bath , but as the city and docks came into view , the knot of worry in my stomach grew into a lump .
i drew her scent into my pores .
an open window over his head brought in the fresh breeze from the garden , gently billowing the draperies and carrying the scent of summertime flowers .
the air smelled faintly of a mixture of french perfumes and new carpet , lingering as a reminder of the wealthy guests that had last ridden the elevator and the fact that this luxury hotel was less than two months old .
the delightful perfume was alluring nigel felt he could really enjoy a life of luxury .
she sat down close enough to him that he could smell her flowery perfume and feel the warmth of her body .
leo looks at the tv out it was dark i crush , the bells of the church had played for a long time and from under to the door of entry a good perfume of something entered to eat ; the neighbors had just started to quarrel and to smash flat .
we walked in silence , absorbed in the perfumes in the autumn , and i was not very sure that my tears were due to the fresh air that stung me the nostrils .
stefania supported the head close to mine , on my shoulder , and i felt his / her perfume .
we were on a green lawn , rich of flowers and colored butterflies that fluttered here and there , and suddenly i started to also feel the perfumes , coolness and buonissimi .
i smell a womans perfume on you .
she looked fine and her perfume was just as appealing .
he imagined he could smell the honeysuckle scent of it wafting up through the screen .
he noted she preferred the honeysuckle scent to the lilac .
a flowery perfume overwhelmed the smokiness of the restaurant , penetrating eddies thoughts .
the flowery perfume was still there .
he glanced up looking for the source of the intrusive smell and realized it was nt perfume , but cologne .
photos or music or even the scent of a single candle could prompt unwanted activity in the logical left side of his brain , making it more difficult for the creative right side of his brain to step forward and take control .
nothing in the room was capable of giving off the cherry scent and he could think of nothing in the house capable of producing the scent either .
the mingled scents of smoke , sweat , and liquor fused together , encircling him .
the scent of indian incense filled her nostrils .
he breathed in her scent , struggling not to show how madly his body was behaving and then she slowly released him from her hold .
while margaret made her way to philips room , sarah made her way to jasons basement bedroom , quietly slipping in and bringing with her a trail of cacharels sweet smelling anais anais perfume .
staring out of the living room window , he smelled the scent that had assaulted him the first night of his drunkenness , when a vision in white had overpowered him .
although he d lost much feeling in most of his extremities , he still remembered being sexually alive and that sweet smell of perfume he remembered in his last sexual encounter , albeit in a dream .
as he did nt wear aftershave , he did nt think much of the scent .
the subtle perfume his sister wore helped hide the hygienic smell of the room .
he smelled the light scent of potpourri on the air .
she wore a light scent that he found alluring .
the air smelled of the ocean and the same scent of new currency as in beverly hills .
the pine scent was strong .
she had put on the magnolia scent that made clendon want to nuzzle her neck .
she opened the purse , took out a small spray can , and gave two quick spritzes of pine scent into the air .
` ` do you always carry a can of pine scent in your purse ? ''
as he drifted back into sleep , he smelled pine scent .
clendon took another drink , then caught a good faint smell of madeline 's perfume .
he wondered if a ranger became permanently infused with the smell of the parks , and amused himself falling to sleep imagining bottling a perfume like that .
she breathed in the heavy scent , conscious that the drone of bees was filling the awkward silence .
* frank closed his eyes , letting the drone of the planes engines lull him into a half - sleep , while the scent of karlas hair pulled him back fourteen years .
karla became aware of the rich scent drifting up from her glass and took a sip as she waited for marcia to answer her question .
the pungent scent of sweat permeated the room .
the sun was warm , the scent of roses heavy on the air .
he clutched the dresses and held them to his nose ; there was no smell of cigarettes , but there was the remnant of perfume , pale and oleaginous , and quite distinctive .
there was nothing hidden in the folds of the blankets or under the mattress except the perfume smell , which was here as well and the sheets were unstained and unworried by sexual adventures .
something stirred him a little : his nose got the scent of perfume , the same distinctive scent he had detected in the wardrobe back at dante gardens ; and he chased it below the desk to a three - drawer unit , and noticed that the bottom lock was scratched and slightly bent , like somebody had bust it open recently .
something stirred him a little : his nose got the scent of perfume , the same distinctive scent he had detected in the wardrobe back at dante gardens ; and he chased it below the desk to a three - drawer unit , and noticed that the bottom lock was scratched and slightly bent , like somebody had bust it open recently .
something stirred him a little : his nose got the scent of perfume , the same distinctive scent he had detected in the wardrobe back at dante gardens ; and he chased it below the desk to a three - drawer unit , and noticed that the bottom lock was scratched and slightly bent , like somebody had bust it open recently .
he followed , a little out of breath , a little awkward , thinking about everything in the world , and seeing all of it wrapped up in the scent of the shop and that light brush against the counter .
he pictured goff sat on the desk , leering and menacing in turns , rubber and steel ; and alice behind it , wearing her earrings and her perfume , a crazy girl in a crazy world .
silence and a pretty little scent on his nostrils .
and faint around it came once more the same , seductive little scent .
oh and your girls perfume is all over him .
and not only that , but about the earring and the blood and the girl in the office next door , and her perfume .
the smile of garbo and the scent of roses .
not only was there the trace of her charming perfume ; her earring came off in the struggle and fell on to the floor .
the breeze of cologne , perfume , buses , gasoline , and rubber filled the air along with the talking and shouting of people heading to work .
i love you , she smiled , holding onto his tight arms as she squeezed herself against his firm chest and sniffed in the scent of his freshly ironed t - shirt .
her hair had scents of fruit , each smell different on any given day .
yet roses scent was so overpowering that it was nauseating .
she took in his familiar scent .
* * * * * chapter 36 : the heavy scent of incense was spread through the air as an awakened breeze wafted into the stuffiness of the temple room .
kurt inhaled , taking in the scent of a new city , as he walked down the stairs .
the scent of lavender floated on the breeze and through the window , embracing my skin with a delicate warmth .
the scent of pine and olive trees : it reminded him of playing in the woodlands and farm - fields of his native calabria when he was a little boy .
her brown eyes seemed to sparkle and tease at the same time , and her body heat and perfume wrapped around him like a soft velvet shroud .
not a single bra , panty or stocking in any of the drawers , and no make - up or womens perfume to be found anywhere .
i should have been admiring the trees and the fresh woodland scents , or the sun on my face , but the only thing on my mind was my sertz .
sunday morning awoke with a scent of mystery in the air .
artificial scents bothered him ; they made his eyes water and his nose clog up .
he was so close he could smell her perfume , her skin .
he absorbed her big blue eyes , the splash of freckles across her nose , her auburn hair , and a delicate scent that made his mouth dry up like a lovestruck teenager .
the french doors were open letting in the air and the scent of freshly cut grass , the two girls were being fed and entertained by marg in the kitchen .
it was cooler in here but fresh with the scent of spring and that mulch smell that comes from unspoilt , mature woodland .
the evenings were still cool but the fire spread its warmth and scent through the room .
on the windows sill sat a large bunch of multicoloured flowers that filled the room with a delicate scent .
the pungent sickly , sweetish scent of chloroform came from the cloth as he clutched it .
there was a strong scent of leaves and grass .
the shadows of the orange trees dappled the pavement , and a few oranges had dropped off the trees , rotting on the ground , giving a citrus scent to the breeze .
what a great scent !
the intoxicating scent of the perfume i had found on her dresser filled the room .
that perfume you 're wearing , it 's fantastic . ''
her nose picked up a light scent of some elkens .
i was magically transported into the wishful thinking of my mind by the lovely , clean scent of aprils hair .
she leant across and kissed andr on one cheek , but it was uncomfortably close to his mouth and for a second he was caught up in the warmth and perfume of her .
an oval bath , the tiling level with its rim spread out almost two foot each side so that the area formed a large square , plenty of room for bath soaps and oils , creams , scents , and strategically placed decorative pebbles .
for a moment he was caught up in the warmth and perfume of her , the compassion in her suntan - brown eyes , and a part of him wanted to sink deeper into that , push away the world outside and his problems with eban and now charlotte ; but another part of him felt it was totally the wrong emotion to have at that moment with what might be happening with charlotte .
and bit by bit she became bolder , would find excuses to get him in close to her , asking him over to consult on this problem or that , and would make sure shed been to the bathroom to spray just before , so that her perfume filled his head .
but almost everything about them began to grate on his nerves : their heavy perfume , their garish beaming faces as they called out to him and pouted or licked their lips , their grip on his arm or occasionally crotch , their fast - rising disinterest when they discovered that he was looking for chlo and was nt a trick , or at least not one that was going to put money in their pocket .
come with me , ill show you what a real womans like her perfume and underlying musk swamped him and he felt physically sick .
listening to carls will must ve taken more effort than she was used to , because her perspiration neutralized the wonderful scent shed been wearing .
he gets out of the car , then reaches back in for his suit jacket from where it hangs next to the rear passenger window , locks the car and follows the spoor of cheap perfume through the park gates .
a strangely familiar perfume lightly filled the air as a soft seductive female voice spoke .
i d know that perfume anywhere and that voice !
i gently placed my hands around his dick , stroking it up and down as i leaned over it ; breathing him in and smelling the faint scent of his calvin klein cologne coming from his sean john boxer briefs .
i could smell his masculine scent as he leaned over the side of the tub to kiss me .
the scent of ieshas perfume faintly lingered along with the strangely pleasant thought of her lips against my body .
the soft scent of jasmine drifted from the open window , along with the soothing sound of his favorite smooth jazz c.d .
she had reveled in the scent of the flowers before the change , but as she filled her lungs with the aromatic air , she could almost taste their beauty in a way she could not have imagined .
the sharp scent of dried soil rested on her tongue as she trotted from building to building .
beneath the cheap perfume , jessica caught the maddening whiff of gin martinis .
felt the weight of angelas embrace , eyes closed against the scent of her perfume .
felt the weight of angelas embrace , eyes closed against the scent of her perfume .
smoke mingling with the scent of fresh - cut fries , beer and liquor .
jessica rubbed her forehead , hand still damp with the musty scent of the prescotts kitchen .
breathed in the virgin scent of a spotless room .
regardless , all of them the scents and the images - made her want to travel .
the scent of her cherry blossom body wash helped make her alert .
her perfume was familiar , sweet honeysuckle and something else .
she loved being there , hidden between the bookcases , and even the scent of the mold that emanated from the pages of the thousands of books made her feel alive .
when she walked through the door of the old familiar place , all the scents of her perfumes and the images of her old place came back to her .
when she walked through the door of the old familiar place , all the scents of her perfumes and the images of her old place came back to her .
the air was perfect and the scent of fish empanadas could be smelled from a mile away .
the scent of the ocean air was heavy ; the water was dark blue - black , except the glaringly white moon and its white shadow trail across the water .
in the close confines of the apartment , they were standing no more than a half dozen feet from each other and he could breath in her musky scent .
by the time their dinner arrived carly had lost her appetite , and not even the rich scent of curry was able to revive it .
the food was as good as theo had remembered and the retsina no longer reminded me of turpentine and i held the glass up to my lips and the pine scent rose into my nostrils .
as he turned to hang it back on the knob , he caught the scent of her perfume from the small bottle she had always kept with her .
as he turned to hang it back on the knob , he caught the scent of her perfume from the small bottle she had always kept with her .
the rich scent of coffee fills my nose , taking over my head and quickly consuming my whole body .
my nose was taunted and teased by the scents of plants and animals mixed in with the deep , damp litter of pine needles which cushioned every footstep .
the mixture of tobacco and cheap perfume coming from the girls was very pungent .
they walked for a while in silence , sue listening to the sounds all around her , while taking in the scents and smells .
the aroma was amazing ; a heady blend of beer , perfume , tobacco , frying food , and without a doubt she could smell a hint of some grass being smoked nearby .
the entire car is penetrated with his scent .
her perfume is overpowering .
he takes a deep breath , loving to smell her scent .
hmmm , i just love her scent and feel .
smoke and the stale , acrid scent of burnt hair and flesh fills the air .
a candles flame flickers against the slight breeze from the fan on low , its scent described as fluffy pillow .
hovering somewhere at the back of his nasal passages a faint aroma of curry and other less familiar scents seeped through .
here , the employees were embraced within carefully maintained gardens ; white wrought iron pergolas over intricately carved benches dotted the landscape , each heady with the scent of heavily draped burgundy honeysuckle .
anyway , they tend to be frequented by the office 's smokers , and as far as i ' m concerned both the fresh air and the floral perfume is lost on them .
he sniffed at the air and the scent that lingered there touched a memory , one that seemed distant .
lauras face was puffy , her eyes were blurred and she smelled vaguely of alcohol underneath a huge layer of perfume .
despite the bottle of perfume you used this morning .
the whole arrangement was bordered by ferns and leafy stalks with tiny bunches of white flowers , whose scent hinted of an herb .
chewing gum and newly spritzed with perfume , i pushed through the double doors of the hp & me .
my coffee table ended up looking like an altar with flickering bits of fire and perfumed scents mingling in a heady aroma like incense .
i caught the scent of marshalls cologne , spicy and crisp , and the terror i d felt yesterday reading the sonnet swelled up inside me .
the air smelled fresh and green , the kind of scent laundry detergent manufacturers try to conjure up out of a bunch of chemicals .
coming near the room , flowery scent melt into my nose .
the same scent every time .
he slowly inhaled my scent .
he stroked my cheek and leaned into me , inhaling my scent .
he breathed in my scent .
you three have the most delicious blood scent .
her perfume wafted up to him .
he smelled a slight latex scent .
the scents of baking salmon and driftwood smoke combined with mouthwatering effect .
the scent of fresh brewed coffee was appreciated .
everything was enjoyable , such as licking his lips , rubbing his toes together , smelling the scent of his car , or looking at the pretty red and blue lights trailing him .
once during an english final , she had allowed him to copy her multiple choice questions and he d come within the realm of her personal scent , a scent which he had assumed was poorly chosen perfume , but now he wondered if that smell had been a stink .
once during an english final , she had allowed him to copy her multiple choice questions and he d come within the realm of her personal scent , a scent which he had assumed was poorly chosen perfume , but now he wondered if that smell had been a stink .
probably the sort who posted his van near nightclubs to attract the drunken , people who would happily pay through the nose when the smell of burning meat and bubbling cooking oil hit them after the stifling atmosphere of sweat and perfume and beer .
i could smell her female scent .
the sweet cake filled the van with the scent of cinnamon , vanilla and raisins , and i had all i could do not to rip open the saran wrapper and break off a piece as i drove .
rubbing her nose gently across his back sierra had inhaled , savoring the smell of cologne and the soft , faintly male scent of his skin .
a dim , slightly sour smell mingled with the scent of the lilac freshener that hung in the air .
he only knew that when she had walked up behind him her arrival brought with it the scent of her soap and shampoo and his nostrils had flared .
he closed his eyes , brushing her cheek with his , intoxicated by the fugitive , musky perfume of her skin , leather , and hair .
it began with the faint smell of charred wood that mixed sickeningly with the scent of roses .
the smell of ash was as strong here as it had been in my vision , but a light breeze carried other scents that mingled strangely into a smell that was almost euphoric , like a campfire in the mountains surrounded by evergreen and aspen trees .
the closeness was refreshing , even more refreshing than the scent of lilac shampoo that the wind picked up as it blew gently through xias hair .
i think i was as intoxicated by her scent as she was from the twenty - four ounces or so of wine .
she smelled like mothballs , a scent that i found to be extremely pungent , but also oddly calming .
the lawn had all been freshly mowed and the scent of fresh - cut grass was in the air .
some young tart bats her eyes at you , wafts some cheap perfume in your face , and gives you the time of day and you re all of a sudden in love again ?
memories of his grandmother swept over cole as he took in the old lady smell of flowered soaps and inexpensive dime store perfume , probably purchased before he was born .
queenie entered without an invite , wafting cheap perfume and the smell of cleaned clothes .
roger smelled her perfume , and it was a pleasant change from the days or weeks of smelling his own barbecued flesh and the burn ointments .
the air carried a faint scent of the sea .
the truly delicious smells filled the air and he suddenly found himself standing flat - footed salivating over the musings of how good the sausages would taste and what beer would best accompany them : it was the kind of food that had filled the void left behind by his demotion and its scent had brought with it the whispers of a malaise that he had sometimes succumbed to as he found respite from his mind numbing office work with crowded lunches that stretched deep into the afternoons .
but the perfume it is dabbed with is french .
i can now see it has definitely gotten grayer and i can actually smell the feint scent of smoke though i ca nt tell if its from the cherokee or not .
i picked it up , fingering in my hands , as the perfume i smelled this morning drifted in .
maybe she could figure out where the perfume was coming from .
i m sure other women wear that perfume , and then there s the kitchen window that s wide .
i pressed her close , breathing in the heady perfume that was so different from ruths .
her scent overwhelmed the apartment although she had never set foot inside .
the scent of lemon in the airin spite of the fact that the place looked too clean , perhaps a little too much like a museum that was n't lived in for kerrin 's taste , he had to admit to himself that he had fallen in love with the building as soon as he had seen it .
with a slight smile , i opened my arms and immediately found myself in a tight embrace , surrounded by his arms and the scent that was uniquely him .
a middle aged lady passed us on her way out , preceded and followed by an excess of perfume .
she delighted at his weight and his lush male scent .
alex kissed camilles plump cheek , taking in her baby scent , and felt less strange .
as he breathed in to give her more room he swallowed a lungful of a deep , rich scent more suitable for evening wear than morning air travel .
he could sometimes feel her hair tickling his cheek and smell the slight scent still clinging to her .
she came close to the bed and he could smell her scent , a strange mixture of a heavy evening perfume and was it incense ?
she came close to the bed and he could smell her scent , a strange mixture of a heavy evening perfume and was it incense ?
he stroked her dark soft hair with his lips and smelled its damp , fresh scent which seemed like wild roses .
his hands were entwined in her soft , long hair and his lungs were filled with her exquisite scent .
chee meng lowered himself to the ground , his eyes closed , breathing in the sweet green scent of the meadow .
windows and screen doors were openairing out winter and bringing a refreshing scent .
being good girls they were elegantly coiffured and wore heavy makeup and lots of jewellery ; they left behind trails of exotic perfume as they strutted around the bank attending to business .
her exotic perfume mingled with the smell of fear and wafted up from her body .
they were dressed in the softest of silks and bathed in the choicest perfumes .
there was some other smell under the scent on roses .
he breathed the scent deeply into his lungs and exhaled slowly as if to saturate his being with the sweetness that surrounded him .
a floral scent hung in the room at eye level and its effect was to give one the sense of the room having been topped and tailed by one of the new impressionists .
the afternoon air stirred , picking up the scent of fertilizer .
the scent of the doctors perfume drifts through the office , displacing the usual stench of stale food , body odor , and cleaning fluids that make the prison smell like rotting , rancid fruit .
black on velvet , heaven scent , married white female .
i think he was inhaling her perfume .
dozens of other scents permeated the air as i walked down the sidewalk with bernie .
the scent of incense hung in the air .
he trusted that the folder still on his desk held information regarding ms . chaput 's itinerary , her residence , hotels booked , credit card information , cell phone number , email address , favorite perfume , and underwear size .
he could smell her perfume .
the innocent scent of salt water reached her nose .
my memory of him was cheap perfume and a garish assortment of rings lodged on fingers , nose , and ears , and who knows where else .
the acrid odor of tobacco smoke and cheap perfume laced the air , while piped - in melodies made conversation all but impossible .
humid gusts of warm wind buffeted the aircraft on its slow taxi to the terminal , and the heady perfume of tropical flowers and the sea blended with jet exhaust as the sun glinted off the planes windows with blinding intensity .
she approached , preceded by the delightful scent of coconut , youth , and sun - kissed skin , a petulant moue on her flawless face .
the dizzying aroma of expensive cologne and perfume drifted from the guests , largely older men with trophy wives or girlfriends half their ages .
a tinny , calypso rhythm refrained from a portable stereo near the guard shack , the light wind seasoned with the pungent scent of marijuana .
a heady scent of jasmine filled the air .
rosa gallica officinalis , plain bright crimson flowers with an intense scent ; i had seen that somewhere in the garden too .
and before dinner i sat out on the deck , breathing the scents of rose and jasmine , watching the sailing boats pass to and fro in the harbour , admiring perpetua as she pranced along the balustrade , and enjoying a glass of the lovely new zealand wine .
the scent from an aromatherapy burner , and the soft sounds of new age music , created a slightly soporific atmosphere and having accepted a glass of ionized water i sat in silence for a while , for i had still not decided quite what i was going to say .
after work i went back home for another shower and a change of clothes , and put on some perfume , and heavier make - up than i usually wore .
we travelled over from devonport on the ferry and arrived early to find an expectant crowd already gathered in the cathedral , which was filled with the scent of incense and flowers .
an assortment of perfumes blended in the air with horrid body odor .
the dressing room smelled of death and miss gadys stale perfume .
the bath was the perfect size for her , and the bath salts were doing their job , relaxing her muscles and filling the air with the scent of flowers .
rapeseed was growing waist high and its intense yellow flowers were almost dazzling to the eye ; its scent sweet .
tender , like all flowers , and its scent is dispersed as fast as the spirit of aristocracy .
as i leaned in to kiss her cheek , i smelled a delicate rose perfume .
sitting side by side , they were close enough that he caught a trace of her light , flowery scent .
her scent was light , sweet , and familiar .
it was the scent of gardenias and it reminded him of the first time they made love .
any scent was lost to the overpowering smell of garlic from one of several eateries .
her subtle perfume filled his nostrils and seemed to swirl in his brain for a drunken moment .
he was enveloped in her perfume again .
as the clothing tumbled into the hamper sarah caught a scent ; an unfamiliar scenta whiff of womens perfume .
as the clothing tumbled into the hamper sarah caught a scent ; an unfamiliar scenta whiff of womens perfume .
she inhaled deeply and was surprised at the strength of the perfume smell .
her purpose for going back was a combination of desire to see nathan again , as well as to talk to someone about what had happened regarding her husbands late night conversations and the smell of perfume on his clothing .
sarah smelled his fresh soap smell , mixed with a musty scent .
i smelt perfume on his shirt , and heard him have some kind of conversation late at night on his cell phone .
nathan breathed in her scent and marveled at the warmth of her body .
the late night phone call to andrews cell could be easily explained as a work matter , and the perfume on his shirt was long washed away .
i also smelt a womans perfume on your shirt the next morning .
red was her favorite color and she only liked roses with a strong scent .
her perfume was spicy .
she leaned in , wearing the perfume that gave me instant wood .
he filed the scent of her spicy perfume away for when he was alone .
the flickering flame radiated her scent .
the scent was spicy and sweet .
he inhaled the scent of the candles and forced himself to calm down .
she could smell stale rose perfume and sweat mixing with the salt air .
smoky wax smell and a faint oily scent of the geese they had robbed the down from , birds held between their knees and plucked till naked and chill - bumped ; no mercy shown by bernice to the girls , so they 'd shown none to the geese , though later they would pity the bulky birds parading about the yard , shorn of their glory like somebody scalped .
the scent of mowed grass steeps in the hot sun , claiming the dry hay smell of curing grass .
the chemical mist from the crop duster has lifted or burned off , and in its place is the green - peanut scent of cooling earth and oak - moss .
once she finished her shower , she lay on the bed , hugging johns pillow , and breathing in the scent of his cologne .
i think this must be the perfume of evil .
this place always smells so clean with its mixture of pine scent and cleaning supply perfume .
this place always smells so clean with its mixture of pine scent and cleaning supply perfume .
the sweet scent of the fresh dew evaporates releasing the blanketed reek .
bash answered pulling her tight against him and taking in the musky scent of her perfume .
bash answered pulling her tight against him and taking in the musky scent of her perfume .
the steam had rolled out the doorway along with the pleasant scent of her shampoo .
he pushed the door to the lobby open and was greeted by a burst of cool air , the fragrance of wild perfume , and more music this time a little more paletteable than the last .
the heavy scent of cleaning products filled my lungs , giving me a racking cough as i walked up to the clerks desk and greeted the women .
the perfume soap and baby powder deodorant created an overpowering feminine smell and i checked my pants to make sure my testicles had nt slipped into my socks .
the subtle , salty scent of the sea engrossed me ; the serenity of the still blue waters only broken by the sound of the waves lapping against the rocks .
he caught a whiff of her perfume ; it smelt like an exotic beach .
he smelt her cheap , tangy perfume .
she continued , careful not to finish him , her musky perfume tickling his nostrils .
his left leg was raised and his right arm was up while a nurse wearing a tight white uniform and a tantalizing perfume checked his blood pressure .
the temperature was perfect , the bath salts relaxing - he could smell the subtle , salty scent of the sea .
i could still smell the beautiful scent of the beaches as we crossed the throgs neck bridge ; taking me back to the summers where i sprawled out on the beach to tan , played volleyball or jumped in the cool water to go swimming .
their boozy sweat and cheap perfume could not overpower the stank that flew out of the holding cell and introduced itself to the back of my mouth .
i could smell the faint scent of lavender soap that has become her smell for me forever .
it smells good though and i realize its the pretty nurse who is leaning over me , her scent filling me , her breasts rubbing against my bare chest .
and then she s sitting next to me , leaning over me , i can smell her perfume , and she s putting a drink in my hand , i dread to think how awful it could be , baileys , or even worse something like amaretto .
he s standing so close to me i can smell him , his scent mixed in with the sweetness of the coffee , its making my head spin but he wo nt move , he s just standing there holding the jug in his hand .
he was drawn in by the overpowering , enticing scent of her perfume .
he was drawn in by the overpowering , enticing scent of her perfume .
a few more seconds elapsed and he smelled the overwhelming scent of his stale , stomach - churning cologne .
he returned his arm to her neck , forcing her head back as he savored her scent and said , the csa is no longer working for me .
he hears footsteps softly approaching and smells the familiar perfume , and smiles .
the scent of her perfume invaded his senses , and he could almost sense her presence .
the scent of her perfume invaded his senses , and he could almost sense her presence .
the scent clung to her as she walked down the long hallway to suite 2027 .
the familiar scent still clung to stacy 's fake gucci bag she 'd carried that last night .
the scent of baby powder on his newborn skin teased her nose .
she barely noticed the woody scent of pine or the fragrance of wildflowers in her hurry to reach the cave .
the caves musky scent sent a rippling shiver and then a shudder through her .
the scent of lavender soap mixed with the silky warmth of the hot spray had a calming affect , but still the dream haunted her .
the scent grasped at my sensitive nostrils .
her perfume smelled incredible , and when he glanced over at her , she flashed him a toothy smile .
the air filled with the rich , illicit scent of the burning herb .
her pale pink hospital uniform was a little too tight , perhaps by design , and the odor of her perfume arrived ahead of her .
sophie walked awkwardly up to her mother and was immediately enveloped by the familiar scent of her perfume .
sophie walked awkwardly up to her mother and was immediately enveloped by the familiar scent of her perfume .
the warm spring air brought with it the musky scent of the forest intermingled with the smell of sun - warmed asphalt and oil .
a hint of the same floral perfume her mother wore floated in the air .
katie and carol 's perfume was already making her head pound .
sophie sucked in a deep breath as her feet hit the ground , the fresh air filtering the intoxication of perfume from her lungs .
straightening her legs , she inhaled deeply , the scent of mold filling her nostrils and making her grimace as she brushed the dust from her knees .
the hinges twisted without strain as she carefully lifted the lid , and she was immediately embraced by soft floral scents .
it was n't until aunt marilyn turned around and strode past that the scent of fresh pastries and cream wafted through the air , causing sophie 's mouth to water .
she could smell the mold in the wood , the scent growing stronger with every step she took .
her quick footsteps melded together in one humming echo as she walked , the strong scent of dust and mold once again penetrating her senses .
as it had before , the scent of expensive perfume lingered in the air behind her .
as it had before , the scent of expensive perfume lingered in the air behind her .
as she pulled the door open , the warm air stroked her face , bringing with it the scent of heated pine needles and freshly cut grass .
the lure of the woods of its musky , warm scent was intoxicating and sophie smiled in response .
the rich scent of heated brush and bark around her was heightened by the lack of fresh oxygen that encapsulated the underside of the treetops .
as she edged through the maze of racks , brushing her fingers along the different textures of hanging clothing , sophie caught the scent of incense and dried flowers before coming to an open space near the back of the room .
she caught the scent of his skin as she ducked around him ; it reminded her of something she could n't place and she found herself inhaling deeply .
as she stepped through the brush , the smell of wet moss met her nose and she grimaced , missing the fresh scent of wet grass and leaves outside the wall of trees .
she climbed into the cab , the rich scent of cologne enveloping her as jude entered the drivers side .
the scent of his cologne and the warmth of his breath washed over her , making her tilt her head reflexively , reveling in the intoxicating scent .
the scent of his cologne and the warmth of his breath washed over her , making her tilt her head reflexively , reveling in the intoxicating scent .
the musky scent of his skin overwhelmed her and her face contracted against the onslaught of emotion .
the comforting scent of a wood fire embraced her , soothing the pounding ache in her chest .
the scent of incense and rich wood invaded her senses and she could see pale red bricks underneath her feet .
the familiar scent of sun - warmed leaves and musky damp undergrowth surrounded her , while an unseen animal rustled through the bush beside her .
when he did not answer , she wrapped her arms around his waist , like she would have done as a child , and the familiar scent of his cologne washed over her .
the scent of his hair and his skin lingered around her , but it was his voice that made her muscles turn to liquid .
turning her head so that her face was pressed into his chest , she inhaled the scent of him into her lungs .
the scent of night and a soft spring breeze brushed their faces as they brought their feet right up to the threshold , both pausing at that point .
with another nod , sophie turned and embraced the small woman , breathing in the scent of her thick hair before turning away and walking slowly through the trees .
we wear our clothes to sleep inwarm , creased , comforting clothes still with the slight , almost insubstantial scent of detergent .
the juvenile steams a willowy aura of scent as cloyingly citrus as its voice , like cheap soap fatty as cooked shafolli .
there was a sheen of lotion on her skin , and a pleasant smell of perfume .
* they had thought the sickly sweet scents in the air were merely coming from the vast array of plants within the garden , but then they reached the wreckage of the helicopter and realised the charred bodies might have been contributing as well .
although he was wearing a fresh custom - made suit it could nt mask the faint stench of perfume and stale sex leaking from his pores .
she wore a pungent fragrance of perfume to douse the smell of alcohol rising up out of her pores .
the scent of her perfume , the relaxer in her hair is intoxicating .
the scent of her perfume , the relaxer in her hair is intoxicating .
i smell a vanilla scent in the air .
the scent of chocolate and mint wafted to my nostrils intoxicating me .
i smell the air , the ground , the damp leaves , the dryness , the rain , the scent of flowers in the tree tops .
a laptop computer was placed on the seat beside him as jan caught a fleeting whiff of perfume .
he had led her towards his table clumsily holding her hand , seeing the thin , grey hair and smelling a delicate and flowery perfume .
she was wearing a light summer frock and around her hung the same fragrant and elusive perfume that i had noticed in amiens .
hawk leans into her nose profile smelling her perfume of roses and vanilla spice .
he smells her perfume of soft carnation corsages .
she had re - applied her perfume as his nostrils smell her fresh odor of flowers .
he could smell her hairspray and perfume .
it is a warm may morning and the air is loaded with scents of blooming trees and wild grapevines .
rubbing her arm up to her shoulder he lets her cry , while breathing in the scent of her clean hair and neck .
aruna maria smelled the pungent smoke of the fires , the heavy scent of marigolds and felt herself being laid down .
the rooms had different scents and sounds , surf and sea - spray or birdsong with sage and lavender .
the heavy smoke from the incense settled over the gathered faithful , a heavenly scent to some , and a choking , cloying stink to others .
morgan knew that she could have lingered here under different circumstances , fingers trailing over silk , the scent of jasmine and cinnamon hanging in the air .
a heavy scent of incense overwhelmed them as they blinked in the dark interior of the church , eyes adjusting to the dim light but the cool air was welcoming after the harsh heat outside .
the scent of incense filled the air , dispersing in clouds towards the dome of michelangelo and morgan was vividly reminded of the cathedral in santiago .
she could smell the clean scent of him and feel his body heat .
he went to her then and held her as she gasped in pain , breathing in the scent of her hair as he rocked her onto his lap , her breasts soft against his chest .
he could smell her perfume emanating off it without bringing it anywhere near his nose .
i missed you more , jon replies , kissing the top of her head and inhaling the tropical shampoo scent radiating from her hair .
he was close enough that she could smell oil or petrol on his uniform , and she panicked that he would be able to smell her sweat , or the remnants of the perfume she had put on that morning , or her fear .
the eyelashes were quite scary , and she was wearing enough perfume to strip paint .
it was alexander 's favorite scent ... along with his wife 's .
the scent of mangoes she liked to wear filled his senses for an unbearably long period of time .
-- barcelona , spain moisture mixed in with blood , sweat and tears to form the german scent of attrition .
a cleaning woman who smelled of cheap perfume and talcum powder rolled her cart around a corner .
sulfuric , musty scents : not exactly perfume or cologne line fragrances .
she smelled the spicy - rose scent of sals cologne .
he breathed the earthy , lush scents of the surrounding vegetation , and he felt extremely at peace right then , at one with nature , just as man had existed in his natural state for hundreds of thousands of years .
he became acutely aware of every detail in the surrounding forest , every blade of grass brushing past his legs , every scent .
for some inexplicable reason , the scent of flowers made her think of her mother .
she became aware of a faint trace of tobacco smoke laced with a flowery scent that seemed to be lingering in every room .
kern county dust rolled in with okie jalopies and customized hot rods of hand rubbed red and yellow candy - apple lacquer , and mingled with the moonlight and perfume and pomade and teenage sweat and beer and cigarette smoke and cokes , and made it all abstract .
she was somewhere in her thirties - probably deep in her thirties - but her olive complexion was carefully looked after and she wore a soft , sweet scent .
caroline walked first ; walking behind her , with each step i could smell the scent of her hair , wet from the rain .
the air in the room smelled of paint and varnish , and that was the strange scent i noticed back in the hall .
there was a scent of medicines in the air , as though someone mixed all the pills and syrups and splashed the floors with it .
she tilts her head , her eyes are shining , i can hear her breath , i can smell her scent .
now i know that nobody is ever going to smell like that , that each scent will be wrong .
when we got out of the car , we were surrounded by the smell of the evening wind of the suburbs , mixed with the scent of the local woods .
the scent of the sea and greenery filled the air .
it seemed that the whole room was filled with the scent of caroline .
i could smell the scent of her hot body , of the heavy , sweet perfume she was wearing , a small hint of sleep and perhaps a little bit of her shiny hair .
i could smell the scent of her hot body , of the heavy , sweet perfume she was wearing , a small hint of sleep and perhaps a little bit of her shiny hair .
there was the scent of washing and the sea in the air .
some people say this is the lingering scent of africa , but to me , its the smell of old houses , dried wood and roof tiles , hot in the sun .
we sat in silence for a moment , breathing in the various scents carried by the warm wind : we could smell the mixed aroma of sea salt , fish , distant ships and mysterious , exotic places .
hugh looks around and the scent of lavender mixed with vanilla , and other various scents hit his nose .
hugh looks around and the scent of lavender mixed with vanilla , and other various scents hit his nose .
* * * when they entered the diner , the scent of french fries filled the air .
the scent of crisp pines had been as impossible to forget as the emerald landscape which rolled in waves around me in all directions .
chapter 11 five minutes after will left , evelyn breezed into the station in a whirl of neon pink and heavy perfume .
there was no perfume in their corner of stalin 's russia , even if they could have afforded it .
the deer stops abruptly when it smells an unfamiliar scent .
i could smell your sweet perfume .
the unbelievable scent of her perfume caught up with her before she pulled out the first page .
the unbelievable scent of her perfume caught up with her before she pulled out the first page .
it was a very faint , flowery scent that could only be smelled up close .
she leaned toward me , which allowed me a whiff of her perfume , an opportunity i never missed .
i leave the restroom , and walk back toward the courtroom , passing the stenographer and the strong scent of her perfume on the way , which makes me appreciate the faint scent of cassies even more .
i leave the restroom , and walk back toward the courtroom , passing the stenographer and the strong scent of her perfume on the way , which makes me appreciate the faint scent of cassies even more .
i leave the restroom , and walk back toward the courtroom , passing the stenographer and the strong scent of her perfume on the way , which makes me appreciate the faint scent of cassies even more .
i recognize that amazing scent before i recognize the voice .
i smelled the unmistakable scent of burning oil and antifreezemy burning oil and my antifreeze .
ironically , the fungus itself exuded a faint flowery scent .
the lawn was lush and freshly mown ; the sweet scent of newly cut grass still lingered in the warm air .
what mattered was ian 's arms around me , ian 's scent filling my nose , the comforting thud of ian 's heart against my side .
the spicy scent of jambalaya and gumbo lingered in her wake , reminding sophie that she had nt eaten since breakfast in atlanta , and that was hours ago .
i could smell a faint floral perfume , delicate but rather cloying .
groad with wishful foresight had arrayed the walls of lorralels sleeping quarters with crude wooden shelves that he hoped would one day be filled with an abundance of perfume and putrescence .
the torchlight flickered and the scent of smoke filled the crisp night air .
for afters he enjoyed a fresh grapefruit , its fresh scent providing a fitting end to a scrumptious breakfast .
after the funeral there was the traditional meal and then the emptiness of his home , a wardrobe filled with his wifes clothes still imbued with her scent , a little empty cot , and then the great nothingness .
sometime later , we found the limousine , abandoned , it had been stolen ? of sonia no trace , except a very slight lingering of her perfume .
it was in the sheets , on her body , in the scent of the dark coffee he preferred , the piquant smell of the chemicals he used in his darkroom .
rudy breathed in the scent of his boy as they went .
forcing herself to smile linda put her hands on hannah 's shoulders , kissed the top of her daughter 's head and breathed the scent of shampoo .
linda 's perfume surrounded hannah and linda 's voice was sticky with truth .
josie stepped to the bar , close enough to smell linda 's expensive perfume , to see the little scar on the side of her lip twitch .
the scents of alcohol and medicine , bodies long unwashed , salves and creams overwhelmed josie .
she could smell linda 's perfume , and see the outline of her lipstick , and the shine of her gloss .
the soft scent of shampoo lingered in the air , a stark contrast to the musty smell in the bathroom .
he brushed his cheek against mine , his spicy scent filling my brain with utter nonsense .
the sweet scent of the gorse bushes brings back a lot of old feelings , strong memories of my summer holiday trips accompanying my far .
i bend over to pick it up and am struck by how much it carries his scent , despite having been exposed to the elements for some time now .
a soft scent of moss and testosterone mixed with undertones of beer , spegepoelse and formaldehyde .
i smell that sickly scent of the fly labs in my mind again .
seeing the photo , i can almost smell her lavender perfume , feel her cuddling me as a small child .
he would breathe on the back of her neck as her scent would come up to meet his nostrils .
he could still feel the smooth texture of her lipstick as she glided over him and he would never forget the sweetness of her perfume .
smoke drifted upward through chimneys that gave off the fresh scent of burnt cedar .
he waited for the soft breeze she made , to smell her perfume .
although his moms cooking filled the house with scents of eggs , bacon , hash browns , and toast , jerrick needed more sleep than nourishment .
scent of jasmine flowers filled the office air .
women usually sprayed perfume on the letter and planted a luscious , red , lipstick kiss on the envelope , imbuing a mysterious aura of future hot passion .
` ` beautiful , '' reid breathed but he was looking at kate and was sure she had applied some fresh makeup and their was a distinct whiff of perfume in the air .
the smell of arbnor jasari overpowers rezarta 's favourite perfume and alex has to open both of the front windows to stop himself from being sick .
he can smell cheap scotch on the man 's breath and the last lingering scent of medicated shampoo .
he could smell her faint perfume and whatever shed last used on her long black hair .
the perfume of rubber trees permeated the smoky air .
he picked out the light scent imprinted on his mind as kaylee 's .
certainly he would have smelled her perfume when he went to investigate the claims that mr . ravenwood had seen something going on near the colossus .
no limits there , nor boundaries , only the nostrils quivering at the game , the surging musculature , the body fluids , the scent of decadence .
the faint scent of piss and perfume made him wince , then smile .
the sweet , skunky scent of herb filled the suburban .
she closed her eyes and breathed in his scent and the scent of the salty air around them .
she closed her eyes and breathed in his scent and the scent of the salty air around them .
the scent of coffee and hot caramel wafted from the cup as she grasped it .
i put it off to the weather , the lisp of overcast , the half asleep scent of coming snow .
* * * from the scent and the tint of orange to the overcast , i got the feeling it would snow , later on .
the place was silent , smelled of the dishwasher having been run , smelled of coffee in the pot , of the air settling after steam from a showerscented something pink or soft yellow , too , sweet , a perfume probably wafting in from someplace or just the peculiar mixes of dirty piled clothes , deodorant and perspiration , mildew , a not altogether unpleasant funk .
it could have been me who smelled nice , for all that mattered , my shirt taking in the smell of my deodorant , my sweating into it diffusing the scent .
the clothes had a musty scent , everything seemed used , specks of chalked water to the plastic bagthen i uncovered the three sacks of liquid .
* * * the elevator , inside , smelled of day old drying rainwater , wet paper , worms , the perfume of the last woman to ride it .
my ears began to ring from the scents and the temperature of the water and the awkward motions , head this way , that way , this way , that way .
after the smoke and fire smell faded away , the air smelled almost too strong of sweet perfume .
chapter 2 miami , march 2012 a light breeze from the east carried with it the fresh scent of the ocean .
he could smell her sweet perfume , she could smell his sweat , but the phone began to ring again .
then suddenly her nose was filled with the scent of aniseed , and it was strangely revolting but compelling at the same time .
suddenly the air was filled with the smell of the sweetest perfume , and into the room walked a woman .
well if you change your mind ... she left the room and the smell of perfume gradually faded .
they kissed and bill smelled her perfume , the same one shed been wearing the night of mikes party .
dana slowly leaned across the table and kissed him gently on the lips , the smell of her perfume going to his brain and the feeling of her lips a long lost memory .
st cloud refilled them ; the wine , and the foxs perfume made a sweet and slightly sickly combination .
one may cover the telltale fetor with perfume and a disguise , and this ruse may bewilder the dogs for a brief spell , but the stink irrevocably bleeds through the shroud , and the hunt shall commence with a more dogged resolve on the part of the orions .
holy shit my ears ring , but how i adore the seductive scent of gunpowder .
i d wear the scent all day if i could .
not long after that , he started coming home wearing a strange perfume .
a familiar smell of rich perfume reached his nose and he opened his eyes wider .
the scent of grease and grime flowed up from the tunneled depths as she made her way down the stairwell .
the stench of wedged bodies and sweet perfume coupled with the grease of the pit brought samantha back to the present .
a faint scent of lavender tickled her nose as she walked into the dining room .
the manufactured scent of roses hung in the air .
the scent of tobacco soothed , a familiar part of mr . eddis ways like the grandpa whom shed never known .
a pleasant shiver passed up her spine as she noticed the familiar scent of approaching moisture .
even now , he could still remember the softness of her beneath him , smell the scent of her skin , feel the intensity of their youthful passion .
as they entered the blue matted arena , the stench of sweat assailed her nostrils and joined the scent of blood floating around her sinuses of late .
mr . grumpy complained all the way down the hill , the luscious scent wafting in her nostrils .
he breathed deeply as if remembering her scent .
he remembered her scent , the way her hair blew across her face in the wind .
reaching across the bed for maria , andrew pulled her close , inhaling the heady scent of her body .
the air was laced with expensive perfume and musk .
he knelt with her as she prayed , smelling the sweet scent of her flesh and listening to the murmur of her voice as she counted the rosary .
these lamps are close to the papal altar , so they take a special , ambiental mixture - ethanol , sugar , butane , and perfume . ''
cologne , perfume , food ... ' graves went to the refrigerator , but it was empty .
as he did , an alluring whiff of sophie 's perfume filled his nostrils , and he realized how close they were .
a breeze rustled past him , carrying the damp , earthy scent of new life .
sexton took the folder , savoring the scent of her perfume mixed with the plush leather seats .
sexton took the folder , savoring the scent of her perfume mixed with the plush leather seats .
reacher could smell a heavy scent of pines .
they need your old shirts for the scent . ''
her perfume was subtle , mixed into the freezing air from the dashboard vents .
there was subtle perfume in the air .
but mixed into it was a woman 's perfume .
a woman 's perfume .
the rain was easing back toward torrential and a strong wet breeze was coming in from the south , teasing him with the smell of perfume .
subtle perfume , soap , clean skin , clean cotton .
2 the woman with the perfume and the pale hands was already deep into the corridor beyond the open turnstile .
we walked side by side , close enough for me to hear the whisper of silk on skin , and to catch the scent of her perfume .
we walked side by side , close enough for me to hear the whisper of silk on skin , and to catch the scent of her perfume .
some clean scent a little like soap .
there was a strong scent of pine and mimosa in the air and the freshly watered gardens of the casino opposite , interspersed with neat gravel parterres and paths , lent the scene a pretty formalism more appropriate to ballet than to melodrama .
the humidity had strengthened the scent of pine and moss , and now there was also a strong underlying armpit smell of earth .
i stripped off all my clothes and made them into a neat pile and went into the shower and opened a new cake of camay ( ` ` pamper your guests with pink camay - with a scent like costly french perfume ... blended with fine cold cream '' i remembered , because it sounded so succulent , it said on the packet ) and began to lather myself all over , gently , because of the bruises .
it 's got costly french perfume in it .
or this : ' the butterfly is perfuming its wings , in the scent of the orchid .
although his hands were covered with the black material of the ninja suit , he avoided contact with the vegetation , which emitted a continually changing variety of strong odours and scents amongst which he recognized , as a result of ancient adventures in the caribbean , only the sugary perfume of dogwood .
although his hands were covered with the black material of the ninja suit , he avoided contact with the vegetation , which emitted a continually changing variety of strong odours and scents amongst which he recognized , as a result of ancient adventures in the caribbean , only the sugary perfume of dogwood .
he had taken off his coat and tie and now sat on a hard bench gloomily surveying the contents of the in - bound shop with its expensive scents , liquor , and piles of overdecorated native ware he had had luncheon on the plane , it was the wrong time for a drink , and it was too hot and too far to take a taxi into kingston even had he wanted to .
there was a smell of evening and of coolness after a hot day and a slight scent of peat - smoke that came from cassava being roasted in one of the fishermen 's huts in the village away to the right .
it was the smell of the metro on a hot evening - cheap scent concealing animal odours .
people in russia soak themselves in scent , whether they have had a bath or not , but mostly when they have not , and healthy , clean girls like tatiana always walk home from the office , unless the rain or the snow is too bad , so as to avoid the stench in the trains and the metro .
i ca n't see the americans handing over many atom secrets to a lot of pansies soaked in scent . '
there was a cool , musty scent of spices and coffee and , as bond followed the watchman down the central passageway , a sudden strong wave of mint .
the chauffeur led the way up the shallow worn steps and into the fog of exotic scents , shouting curses at the beggars and sack - laden porters .
in half an hour the street would come to life again with the cocktail traffic , but now this very superior half mile of ' rich road ' , as it was known to the tradesmen of kingston , held nothing but the suspense of an empty stage and the heavy perfume of night - scented jasmine .
the champagne seemed to have the faintest scent of strawberries .
the heavy scent of suntan oil came up to him .
today the only scent you may smell is goldfinger 's expensive after - shave lotion , not ... what would she use ?
english girls made mistakes about scent .
a sudden delicious scent of frying bacon came downwind from the galley .
it is not so with pleasant sensations , a scent , a taste , the particular texture of a kiss .
the musky scent of schiaparelli 's snuff was reassuring , reminding him of the easy side of life , of dominetta who would now be sitting down to dinner -- -everyone kept spanish hours in nassau and cocktails would not have finished before ten -- -with the raffish but rather g*y saumurs and their equally frivolous guests , of the early game that would already be under way at the casino , of the calypsos thudding into the night from the bars and night clubs on bay street .
when langdon arrived home around six , he began his morning ritual of hand - grinding sumatra coffee beans and savoring the exotic scent that filled his kitchen .
after a few seconds , the pungent scent of ethanol wafted out of the darkness in front of her .
the scent of frankincense hung in the air of the chancel .
the car smelled strongly of perfume and there were two boxes of tissues in it .
there were electric heaters on the walls and the air was very warm and it smelled faintly of perfume .
i could smell stale food , stale perfume , sleep , and sweat , and fear .
then she winked and walked out and left a very faint trace of her perfume behind her in the hot heavy air .
furthermore , he had detected a faint odor to the mask - a familiar scent that divulged why the plaster on the back was so much whiter than the front ... and the difference had nothing to do with aging or sunlight .
lined with fine cafes , elegant hotels , and even the home church of antonio vivaldi , the riva began its course at the arsenal - venice 's ancient shipbuilding yards - where the piney scent of boiling tree sap had once filled the air as boatbuilders smeared hot pitch on their unsound vessels to plug the holes .
his sterile surroundings and the scent of isopropyl alcohol created a strange sense of deja vu - as if langdon had come full circle , awakening as he had the previous night , in a strange hospital bed with only muted memories .
the wind brought to the surface not only the sound of violins , but the unmistakable scents of humidity and masses of people .
the humid breeze carried on it the strains of liszt 's dante symphony as well as a familiar , yet ineffable scent ... that of a massive crush of people congregated together in an enclosed space .
reacher stood beside her and tried not to breathe in her scent .
she smelled of lemon scent and was dressed in clean denim which had been carefully pressed .
reacher caught a breath of her perfume as she moved .
the dressing rooms were stinking toilets , smelling of stale food and spilled drinks and urine and cheap perfume and , overlaying it all , the rancid odor of fear : flop sweat .
clifton lawrence and sam winters were in the steam room in the gymnasium at pan - pacific studios , breathing in the eucalyptus scent of the heated air .
pressing his cheek against her smooth , flat stomach , she felt him inhaling her scent , a mixture of eve 's own feral smell and the chanel perfume she had worn since girlhood .
pressing his cheek against her smooth , flat stomach , she felt him inhaling her scent , a mixture of eve 's own feral smell and the chanel perfume she had worn since girlhood .
pressed against him , she breathed in the scent of his body .
unpleasant , sour smells of sweat and travel were overlaid by the sweet coconut scent of shea butter , expensive aftershave and the delicious , barbecue tang of boerewors , the traditional cape dutch sausages sold by vendors outside .
but now , hours later , her leg still burned from where max 's thigh had brushed against it , and the lemon scent of his cologne lingered deliciously on her skin .
max smelled her perfume .
he watched her , talked to her , listened to the sound of her voice , smelled her perfume .
it was a perfect day , cloudless and warm , and the singing breeze carried a tantalizing mixture of scents across the green farmland .
she had bright red hair and too much makeup , and she wore a heavy , cheap perfume .
there were acres and acres of wildly colored flowers staining the summer air with their scent .
she could smell the familiar scent of burning candles and feel the worn stones beneath her sandled feet .
she was close to him now , and he could smell her heady perfume .
the scent of antiseptic and old age lingered in the air .
the scent of cinnamon and coffee drifted in the air .
thirty - four warthberg , germany 8:45 p.m. rachel strolled into the restaurant and followed paul to a table , savoring the warm air laced with a scent of cloves and garlic .
she wore one of his long - sleeved twill shirts , full of the comforting scent she remembered from a decade of marriage .
periodically he 'd taken in her scent as she slept .
suzanne stood in a dark cubicle behind the high altar , the sweet scent of incense strong from two metal pots against the wall .
the scent of sweet lemons accompanied her entrance .
the strong nicotine aroma mixed with an odor of dried perspiration to form a scent that was not pleasant .
the tepid air hung heavy with a lingering scent of wine and tobacco .
the scent of freshly cut grass floated in .
as a breeze carried the sweet scent of blooming jasmine in through his rolled - down window , he studied the shadows that moved behind the curtains of the mansion 's windows .
its subtle floral scent perfumed the air .
the scent of camellias floated in from the lush garden at zhongnanhai as niu jianxingcthe owlcleaned back , listening angrily to the discussion at tonight 's special standing committee meeting .
the wind was light , carrying the scents of diesel and salt water .
the rich scent of the dark soil filled his mind .
their peppery scent filled the air , reminding him he was in sichuan province , famous for its spicy cuisine .
the licorice scent of sen - sen , the candy he would dissolve in his mouth to try to conceal the alcohol on his breath .
but he did not have to see ; he could smell her - smell her shampoo , the fabric softener on her clothes , the honeyed scent of her skin .
the scent of hot food pointedly reminded randi she had n't eaten since a very sketchy breakfast .
all the shards revolved around the tall trees , the mineral scent of the water , the desperate flight across sand .
there had come to him an odd scent - at once sweet and spicy - something utterly beyond his previous experience .
what did they know of the profound silence , the severe beauty , the clean scents of the desert ?
the scents of cheese mingled with those of fresh meat , root vegetables , pungent herbs , and plucked fowl .
with the premature darkness a humid wind had sprung up from the southwest , bringing with it imagined hints of the pungent scents of sumac and oregano from the turkish shore .
he drew to him a small cup , whose contents were fragrant with the scent of freshly crushed cardamom seeds .
the pale pink cherry blossoms were already trampled underfoot , tulips were blooming , and there was an unmistakable earthy scent in the air as spring advanced .
he felt tracy 's return before her scent of fern and citrus reached him .
the robust scent of fresh - brewed coffee entered with her and swirled enticingly about him like a flamenco dancer .
he sat on the corner of the bed for a moment , luxuriating in the give of the mattress , inhaling the homey swirl of perfume and body powder , which made him salivate like a beast scenting blood .
what he breathed in , however , along with traces of perfume and powder was the odor of solitude so familiar to someone like him .
the sharp scent of cordite tickled her nose , and her ears rang with noise .
her eyes met his for a moment , and in them he saw a bleak reflection of the bedroom upstairs , filled with both her intimate scent and her abject solitude .
bourne , crouching in a patch of the deepest shadow , breathed in the heady scent of lime as he studied the garden 's layout .
he could smell the scents of concrete , old wood , lacquer and oil from the furnace .
the memory had evaporated like the scent of the scotch , leaving bourne back , staring bleakly out the grimy windows of the broken - down diner .
she smelled his manly scent , rising like a pre - dawn mist , and his breathing quickened just a little .
he could sense her nod , even as he smelled the scent of her rising off her bare skin , citrus and musk .
he smelled bourne , but the scent stirred a previously undisturbed memory .
birds circled and rose on the thermals , and when the breeze picked up , the delicious scent of orange blossoms perfumed the air .
the scent of coffee still infused the apartment .
often , he 'd licked his lips when she passed near him and he 'd find himself trying to inhale as much of her scent as he could .
a slight antiseptic scent lingered in the white - metal office , as if he 'd seen fit to fumigate the place in anticipation of lindros ' arrival .
the flags were out in the endless icelandic morning , filled with brilliant sun - shine and the mineral scent of the thermal springs .
with the scent of the sea in his nostrils , the feel of the brine drying on his skin , it seemed to him as if he was n't in iceland at all but in marseilles , that he was n't climbing onto a fishing boat in pursuit of stepan spalko but was clandestinely boarding a pleasure yacht on his way to execute the international assassin for hire , carlos .
he thought of dao and alyssa and joshua as they existed in his splintered memory , and this kaleidoscopic image , stimulated by the sharp , earthy scent of the oiled leather , was brought vividly to life .
the smile returned to suparwita 's face as he led bourne into another room , filled with shadows and the scent of frangipani incense .
the air had suddenly been perfumed with the tincture of history , a spicy , mysterious scent of rose and cedar .
he exuded the scents of beeswax and expensive cologne .
a freshening breeze off the water brought the scent of a new day .
a deep swirl of masculine scent .
the air smelled of refried beans and other sharp , acidic scents of norteno cooking .
there was something planted in the cloister , an herb or spice , whose scent he found pleasant and familiar .
the heady scent of old world roses came to moira as she was led toward a man sitting at a glass - and - wrought - iron table , laden with food on mexican fired - clay plates , and pitchers of red and white sangria stuffed with slices of fresh fruit .
in the distance rose dusty blue hills , and the sweet , almost fermented scent of the blue agave thickened the air .
berengaria smelled of spice and salt spray , scents moira liked .
when he came home from a long , hard , often bloody assignment , he kissed his wife hard on the lips , then went to his children and - whether they were playing , sitting in front of the tv , or asleep in bed - bent over them and inhaled their milky - sweet scent .
all the while he listened to the tiny sounds around him , breathed in and mentally cataloged the scents in each room .
calla was several steps down from the sidewalk , a place filled with the sweet scent of marijuana and an unearthly din .
the air was perfumed with the scents of the pink plumeria and white jasmine .
mixed in with the scent of the cedar was the unmistakable waft of chlorine .
before anything else could transpire , the scents of freshly cooked eggs and bacon came to him , making his mouth water .
the resiny scent of pine perfumed the air so strongly , it almost masked the appalling stench of decomposition .
kendall , inhaling her spicy , musky scent , could not find his voice .
they gave you trinkets , pretty jewellery and lip rouge and french perfume from kowloon .
the soft breezes carried the scents of hibiscus and poinciana across the tropical foliage as a lone fishing boat weaved its way through the reefs with its late - afternoon catch for the inn 's kitchen .
a harried porter helped her haul the heavy suitcases on board and into the first - class car , which she consumed with herself , her belongings , and her perfume .
marco braced for a jolt of foot odor but then realized it had little chance of competing with the cheap perfume .
kirov heard the tap of heels on hardwood , felt slender fingers slide across his chest , inhaled the warm , sweet perfume borne on the words .
catching a whiff of exotic perfume , adam treloar stirred in his spacious first - class seat .
her perfume lingered , and it was the most wonderful fragrance mark could remember .
then she was gone , the door clicking loudly behind her , the cheap perfume floating heavy in the air and burning his eyes .
vanilla and bay rum , the scents of black jamaica ; delightful in the evening , oppressive during the day under the fiery equatorial sun .
mcauliff sat in the frame of the balcony door ; the wet scents of the jamaican dawn came up from the moist grounds and down from the tall palms , cooling his nostrils and so his skin .
like all such places the cosmetics came first and filled the air with scent .
i could smell her perfume everywhere .
he kissed her neck and tasted the sweetness of her perfume .
the tall pines swayed gently , and their pungent scent filled the air .
sophia was everywhere , from the bottled water in the kitchen to the scent of her in their bed .
then there was the woman who breezed past leaving a scent so much like sophia 's that his stomach knotted with anguish .
the spicy scents of incense and cardamom were in the brisk air .
the metallic scents of blood and death stank the air .
just by reaching out , he could gather her into his arms , smell the scent of her hair , and feel the beat of her heart against his .
he breathed deeply , inhaling the earthy scents of the damp ditch but also the fragrant trees on the higher ground and the myriad creatures that inhabited it .
the scent of pine was aromatic but somehow cloying .
white smoke billowed inward , bringing with it the familiar nitrous scent of plastique - and something else , too : the salty tang of the sea breeze .
f. trumpers extract of limes , the scent said to be favored by the prince of wales .
he drew in a deep breath , inhaling her perfume .
the air was filled with the resinous scent of an old - growth pine forest , a scent that recalled nothing so much as the disinfectants and air fresheners that so insistently aped it .
the air was filled with the resinous scent of an old - growth pine forest , a scent that recalled nothing so much as the disinfectants and air fresheners that so insistently aped it .
but he inhaled deeply , filled his lungs with the air , and he knew that there was salt in it , the scent of seaweed and sun ; he knew it .
he 'd caught the lingering scent in the air and found three antique humidors , each filled with smokes .
and she always wore a peculiar scent of perfume with a citrus aroma that lingered long after they parted .
and she always wore a peculiar scent of perfume with a citrus aroma that lingered long after they parted .
a scent of magnolia and green tea came from sprayers near the ceiling .
he wanted to lunge at her , to feel her body again , to smell the perfume on her neck , to run his hands along her legs .
i 'd bring her a silver vase from england , linens from the italy she would never see , perfumes from paris , chocolates from belgium , an urn from egypt , a small diamond from the mines of south africa .
and the sweet scent of flowers hung in the fresh air .
it had rained here not long ago , and the cool night air carried a clean , crisp scent that was refreshing .
the sweet scents of wild - flowers and the fresh salt smell of the ocean mixed oddly with the sharp , acrid tang of half - burnt jet fuel .
the aromatic scent of pine filled the air .
as smith headed toward an information desk , he noted department - store - style escalators that led up to patients ' rooms on the floors above , bright arrows pointing to the operating theaters , and , infusing the air , a light scent reminiscent of johnson 's lemon wax .
it was early morning , and a spring breeze blew the scent of cherry blossoms across the tidal basin and in through the open french doors of the oval office , but president samuel adams castilla was too distracted to notice or care .
immediately , the fresh scent of the rain - washed city filled the room , while pale , predawn light formed a backdrop for the dramatic skyline .
randi settled into the rear of the classic touring car , where the old seat still gave off a scent of expensive leather .
black shadows stretched across overgrown spring gardens and cobbled streets , and the scents of liquor , marijuana , and oil paints mingled in the air .
at last , he pulled himself up and ran barefoot into the vegetation where he soon found a tiny glade , dark and shadowy , filled with the scents of rich earth and growing plants .
the scent of citrus seemed cloying , overpowering .
the fresh scent of the moist mountain soil rose around his head .
there was even the refreshing scent of a bouquet of newly cut peonies .
inside , the warm air reeked with a scent of boiled tomatoes and a lingering cigar .
a bitter scent of oil filled his nostrils .
he caught the distinctive scent of the aromatic scrub , a blend of rosemary , lavender , cistus , sage , juniper , mastic , and myrtle .
she basked in the room 's warmth and savored its homely perfume .
he hated the photos on his wall , and the smell of everything - the stale coffee in the hall , the chemicals near the copier , the perfume of the secretaries .
at this moment , in the depths of this depression and sorrow , i can almost smell her perfume .
she walks past me , and i get a nose full of a cheap perfume that 's scented with coconut oil .
i get a whiff of her perfume .
ben was first conscious of use 's return to the room from the scent of her perfume .
ben was first conscious of use 's return to the room from the scent of her perfume .
he could smell her faint perfume .
she wore no perfume now but smelled pleasantly of soap and shampoo .
he inhaled her delicate floral scent , and something in him melted .
the air was warm and dusty and filled with the heavy scent of pipe tobacco .
he caught the unmistakable mingling of odors that he associated with french prostitutes the stench of cheap cigarettes , and the cheap perfume they invariably used to mask their lack of hygiene .
` ` ah , the scent of your glorious countryside . ''
to get frau mauntner her silk stockings , her perfume ?
there was a familiar scent in the air , metcalfe noticed .
it wafted from a number of the russian women , in their low - cut evening gowns : the hideous soviet perfume named red poppy how appropriate , given tonight 's performance !
he was now so close to lana he could smell her delicate perfume , feel the warmth radiating off her bare arms .
carrying his cardboard suitcase , he stopped into a series of shops , examining the phonograph records , the perfumes , the bad costume jewelry , the peasant shawls .
she kissed him , and for a long time he was enveloped in her arms ; he smelled her perfume , felt the warmth of her mouth .
french perfume wafted by , je reviens and lair du temps .
on top of it was the smell of cleaning fluids , of silver polish and furniture oil , and a faint trace of a female perfume .
she sucked a deep breath , which carried the sweet scent of a new day .
she sniffed the dank fragrance and thought she detected the odor of cats mixed with a scent of lemon polish .
malone kept walking , taking in the voices , laughter , a fragrance of perfume , the click - clack of heels .
took one more glance at the missing secretary 's abandoned bag and caught one more breath of her perfume as he left the room .
he caught her perfume , something he did not recognize , but something subtle and intensely feminine .
the vents were angled all over the place , and he was catching jodie 's subtle perfume mixed in with the freon blast .
the air was cold and stank of soap and perfume .
the same perfume , subtle and feminine .
then she dabbed her favorite perfume on , enough to be noticed without being overwhelming .
the secretary 's perfume had faded to a trace .
nothing personal at all except a faint trace of her perfume in the air and the fabric of her chair .
it had her perfume in it .
he could smell perfume on her skin and in her hair .
there was loud excited conversation in the air , and the heady stink of mingling perfumes .
he caught her perfume as she went by .
all that remained of froelich was a faint trace of her perfume in the air .
but it was a moot point anyway , because as soon as margaret had gotten on her bicycle , her scent had disappeared , suspended in the air , whisked away by the breeze , insulated by rubber tyres .
he could smell her perfume ; he recognized it !
she snuggles her compact little body into his massive bulk , and beezer inhales a chestful of her clean , soothing scent , a combination of soap and fresh bread .
he has put his key ring away , not wanting the metallic smell to corrupt the scent of lilies .
before he can even get to work on the question , he smells it again : my sin , the perfume his wife used to wear on certain evenings , when she wanted to send a certain signal .
lark was what he used to call her on those certain evenings , when the room was dark and they were both blind to everything but scents and textures and each other .
` ` nick , you do n't smell perfume ?
henry smells his wife 's perfume .
if it 's love she 's come with , why does the smell of her perfume make me so uneasy ?
the perfume he smells is not that of his dead wife .
` ` who 's smelling perfume ?
instead of pine , the woods pressing in on either side smell of heavy , cloying perfume : my sin .
something that smells of my sin perfume .
in that moment of hesitation he 's sure he can smell his wife 's perfume even in the soundproofed and air - filtered environment of the studio .
the floral , musky scent of my sin invades the studio , seeming to coat a thin chemical film over the mike , the tape canisters , all the dials , and the back of henry 's deliberately exposed neck .
he carries some weapon of his own , something that cuts through the mist of perfume with the grassy smell of front yards and the smoothness of machine oil .
one is the scent of perfume , and the other ...
at this point , he could not be criticized for walking outside , where the air does not reek of blood and perfume , and using his cell phone to call sumner street .
he still smells faintly of my sin perfume .
the scent of new - cut grass , heavy and cloying , hung in the air .
her makeup was heavy but well done , her perfume was intrusive but attractive , and she was one of the most overwhelming women i 'd ever met .
i lowered my head to inhale his scent .
amber earrings , i decided , and a dab of perfume .
` ` i thought i smelled perfume . ''
i could smell the scents of his deodorant and his aftershave , the laundry detergent that poppy had used on his clothes - and the smell of romney .
i could still smell the faint scent of his deodorant or aftershave - something fresh and citrus .
my voice cracked , breathing in the scent of her shampoo and the lavender lotion she always liked to use .
i nod , trying to ignore lindsay 's victorious grin as the rest of the girls file out , leaving me alone in the locker room with a faintly rancid scent in the air .
one of the hallway windows is wide open , leading out onto the flat gravel roof where i can see some people are already hanging out : thin wisps of cigarette smoke drifting up into the night , and the low , sweet scent of something more .
i hear the chatter of the others in the room ; music loud ; the low , sweet scent of weed , but it all falls away , the way it always does when i ' m kissing him .
i stay for a moment in the safety of her arms , catching a breath of her perfume , the light spices of her shampoo .
it 's just a run - down shack on the beachfront , but the scent of ginger and hot chilis drifts in the air , and the benches out front are packed with locals .
as she adjusts her long skirt , brushing it out from under her so that it does n't get wrinkled , as i look at her slender ankles and smooth calves and take in the hint of perfume that reminds me of all things woman , i realize that i just might be falling in love with her .
on the wind are many scents , juniper being the only one that i recognize .
her sweet perfume awakens within me a hunger that i had shut down months ago , seemingly years ago .
i catch a faint whiff of perfume , old lady 's perfume .
i catch a faint whiff of perfume , old lady 's perfume .
my grandmother 's perfume , in fact .
the cinnamon scent somehow wafted into my partially rolled - down window .
the wind brought with it a hauntingly familiar scent .
a flower scent .
a hint of perfume .
it was my mother 's perfume .
` ` i smelled my mother 's perfume , '' i said .
` ` i do n't know , jack ... '' ` ` you smelled her perfume , jim . ''
` ` flowers that smell like your mother 's perfume ? ''
he straightened and took a deep breath , tasting the slight metallic scent to the air .
a riotous profusion of desert flowers in dusty shades of pink and purple bloomed from the rock faces around them , casting out a sweet perfume , not unlike honeysuckle .
through the open windows , the night air swept in , carrying the scent of decaying leaves and sour apples and the odor of a dairy farm .
a waft of cool , dry air swept into the shed , coupled with the spicy scent of sagebrush and something else .
the scent of soap emanated from him , the sour spice of whiskey on his breath .
sometimes , he 'd just lie there retrieving faces - whores he 'd felt tender toward , men he 'd fought , men he 'd loved , killed , buried - savoring them all , every face , repressed scent , lost sound , with a sweet and piercing nostalgia .
the room reeked worse than a bunkhouse - spoiled food , oranges , a hint of old perfume .
his breath warmed her face , and in that virgin dark , she caught his scent - a repressed relic from those precious years when he was daddy , and not the remnants of aftershave , no superficial mosaic of man - made chemicals , but his core , lifeblood odor , and it carried her back even further than the smell of cut grass and school - bus seats and sno cones .
her perfume filled the room , and blood ran down the side of her nose from a cut beneath the blindfold .
wearing a perfume that suggested lilac , cynthia embodied every quality an elegant , successful new york woman might be thought to possess .
i smelled her perfume before i saw her .
i could smell them even from inside the car - a clean , bitter scent .
the scent of our sweat after a long day was identical .
there was an unpalatable scent in the air , as if i 'd climbed into an attic or a crawl space .
she buried her nose in a rose , inhaled the dampsweet perfume .
i followed a deer run through the spruce grove , the air glutted with the spicy scent of sap , branches brushing against my vest , twigs snapping under my boots .
while my coffee steeped , filling the cabin with the smokyrich perfume of the beans , i sat down on the hearth and read over the ten pages i 'd revised last night .
stopping on the smooth blacktop , i inhaled the scent of pines and remembered walking up this drive with beth and walter ten decembers ago , placing luminarias in preparation for a christmas party .
i can smell the scent of flowers flowing from outside .
i blink from the memory , the scent of lilies still lingering in the air .
` ` i got a message to ... '' he trails off as he sees bella with a gun aimed at me , gets a whiff of the gasoline scent , and then his expression instantly hardens .
it also has this sterilized scent in the air , as if someone is constantly scrubbing the floors and walls with cleaning products .
there the air was thick with the scent of sea - salt , manure and boiling pitch , and rang to the cries of sea - gulls and the endless shouts of those who made the docks their place of work : crews calling to one another as they loaded and unloaded ships whose masts rocked slightly in a gentle breeze .
because of my love for her , because i could think of nothing but her , because when we were together i savoured every moment ; every word , every gesture that caroline made was like nectar to me , everything about her , every curve and contour , her scent , her laugh , her refined manners , her intelligence .
wild boar cooked on a spit and the delicious scent of it made my stomach do hungry flips .
and then we were inside , greeted by the thick scent of smoke , ale , perfume and of course chocolate , as well as a hubbub of piano and raised voices .
and then we were inside , greeted by the thick scent of smoke , ale , perfume and of course chocolate , as well as a hubbub of piano and raised voices .
how long ago it had been i could n't say with certainty : enough time for scavengers to strip the field of battle but not enough for the bodies to be removed ; within the last day , i would have thought , judging by the state of the corpses and the blanket of smoke that still hung over the pasture - a shroud of it , like morning fog but with the heavy yet sharp scent of gunpowder smoke .
twenty - three they made their way through the market streets and the massive , glittering maze of the souk itself , the splendid , frenetic , gold - and - red grand bazaar , with its myriad lanes of little shops selling everything from scents to spices to sheepskins to costly persian carpets from isfahan and kabul , cedarwood furniture , swords and armor , brass and silver coffeepots with snaking spouts and elongated necks , tulip - shaped glasses for tea and larger , slender ones for sharbat - a cornucopia selling everything in the world a man could imagine or desire , amid a babel of traders ' voices raised in at least a dozen different languages .
he smelled the soft scent of her hair , her skin .
fifty - one the flower market was a blaze of color and pleasant scents , and there was n't a janissary in sight .
ezio smelled the scent of violets on his breath .
here the room was warm , the air heavy with its customary sweet scent .
sweet scents rose to altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
sweet scents rose to altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
where the street had held the scent of the city , of baking and perfumes and spices , in here was the stench of suffering , of death and human waste .
where the street had held the scent of the city , of baking and perfumes and spices , in here was the stench of suffering , of death and human waste .
his pigeons cooed happily in the afternoon heat and there was that same sweet scent in the air .
he pulled his hood over his head , liking the feel of it and breathing in the scent of the clean cloth .
her slender yet curvaceous body , with its narrow hips , broad shoulders , and small but perfect breasts , was still that of a twenty - year - old , and her cloud of fine , fine light red hair that tickled his chest as she laid her head on it carried the same scent that had driven him wild all those years ago .
said a cheery voice , and he could smell rosa 's musky scent before he turned to greet her .
he listened to drew 's heavy feet echo away down a hardwood hallway as he cashed two scratch tickets for old lady harmon , trying not to blink away tears from the sharp assault of her old lady perfume .
he looked at his bed where just the other night he 'd fallen asleep with his eyes on the back of katie 's neck , counting the fine blond hairs there , his arm draped over her hip so that his palm rested on her warm abdomen , the smell of her hair and perfume and a light sweat filling his nostrils .
even with all the blood on the body and pooled beneath it and the mildew clinging to the concrete around it , sean could smell her perfume , just a hint of it , slightly sweet , slightly sensual , the lightest scent , which made him think of high school dates and dark cars , the panicky fumbling through fabric and the electric grazing of flesh .
even with all the blood on the body and pooled beneath it and the mildew clinging to the concrete around it , sean could smell her perfume , just a hint of it , slightly sweet , slightly sensual , the lightest scent , which made him think of high school dates and dark cars , the panicky fumbling through fabric and the electric grazing of flesh .
sean leaned back out of the smell of perfume and blood and mildewed concrete and sodden wood .
he could smell her perfume , just a hint of it through the reek of formaldehyde that permeated this cold , cold room .
so she 'd come in here , where last night she 'd seen jimmy holding katie 's pillow to his face , breathing her in , and she 'd opened the windows to clear the room of the musty scent of loss .
the scent dave gave off was of another kind .
whitey leaned against the corridor wall as a secretary passed them , her perfume the same kind lauren used , sean thinking maybe he 'd call her on her cell , see how she was doing today , see if she 'd talk now that he 'd made the first move .
my sheets smelled of her perfume and her flesh and a vague hint of hospital antiseptic and our sweat and lovemaking , imprinted into the fabric , it seemed , as if it had been there a thousand nights .
as it usually did in the mornings , the church bore the burnt aroma of incense and candle wax from the seven o'clock mass , a stronger scent of pine solvent and oil soap in the pews , and the sad smell of wilting chrysanthemums .
he held out my jacket and i stepped into it , smelled the clean , cool scent of his cologne .
her perfume smelled like jasmine .
he sniffed it , inhaling the tobacco scent deep into his nostrils as he leaned his head back and closed his eyes .
i ' m not sure why this is , because it 's merely decades of rain piled up between walls of granite and fed and freshened by underground springs , but the moment the scent found my nostrils , i was sixteen again and i could feel the plunge in my chest as i jumped over the edge of heaven 's peak , a seventy - foot cliff in swingle 's quarry , saw the light - green water yawn open below me like a waiting hand , felt weightless and bodiless and pure spirit hanging in the empty , awesome air around me .
i can smell his skin , his hair , a newborn 's scent in a five - year - old 's body .
flowers bloomed earlier than predicted ; near the end of the month their perfume reached windows high above the streets .
at dawn , a city had no finery , no makeup or perfume .
people drove the biggest motorcars and wore the biggest hats and the fi nest clothes and the men smoked cigars thick as pool cues and the women smelled of perfume and powder .
he removed the coat and caught a faint whiff of the perfume she wore ever so sparingly .
silverware and glasses clinked and he smelled roast turkey and maybe a deep - fried one as well and some kind of cinnamon scent that might have come from hot cider .
the perfume came from kat lawson , an actress starring in one of the half dozen shows frazee had running in boston right now .
he could feel grass underfoot , the smell of a field in late august , the scent of leather and dirt and sweat , see the runner trying to take home , take home against his arm , trying to show him up like that ?
he 'd feel her leg snake between his , smell the single drops of perfume she placed behind each ear , open his eyes to see hers an inch away , feel her breath on his lips .
it was morning ; the air coming through the windows was cool and bore the scent of camellias .
my senses were gratified and refreshed by a thousand scents of delight , and a thousand sights of beauty .
` ` in the meanwhile also the black ground was covered with herbage , and the green banks interspersed with innumerable flowers , sweet to the scent and the eyes , stars of pale radiance among the moonlight woods ; the sun became warmer , the nights clear and balmy ; and my nocturnal rambles were an extreme pleasure to me , although they were considerably shortened by the late setting and early rising of the sun ; for i never ventured abroad during daylight , fearful of meeting with the same treatment i had formerly endured in the first village which i entered .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sunk at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water , and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
warm touch , appealing masculine scent .
the exquisite scent of it swept him up .
not because she 'd melted under his coat , still warm from his body and surrounding her with his delicious scent .
the scent of her hair , flowing just before him , the feel of her bite , and her own obvious pleasure were sending him over the edge .
her exquisite scent washed over him , and he felt himself growing hard again .
it seemed to be from lachlain 's point of view - she could see things that he saw , smell scents he smelled , feel as though with his fingers .
with her scent fresh in his mind and his hands still warmed from her skin , it was always violently powerful .
the scents , the sound of her breaths and her heart beating , the air rushing over her ... heaven .
she knew she could feel the scents of the earth if he would just enter her .
her claws dug into the grass and the cut blades erupted in scent .
her lips curled when the air charged with electricity , and she gloried in the sky , in the scents , in lachlain wedged deep inside her .
her hair fanned out , haloing her head , and the scent of it exploded within him .
lachlain , i felt scents . ''
he would fly to russia and get that close again - the memory arose of her beneath him just yesterday when her head had thrashed on her pillow , sending him awash in the exquisite scent of her hair .
distracted by his scent and the way his arm unintentionally brushed across her breast as he pulled the cord , sam did n't protest .
instead she found herself inhaling his scent as she had in their cottage earlier .
the wash of desire in her scent made him want to smell her , to press his nose to her throat and inhale the scent gushing off her .
they 'd been entertaining and funny and made her laugh several times on the way , and if it were n't for the fact that she 'd found herself inhaling mortimer 's scent with every breath , unable to look away from him , her eyes traveling again and again from his beautiful silver - green eyes , to his soft but firm lips , to his hands , which in her dreams had given her so much pleasure , and then to the chest that had looked so strong and beautiful in moonlight ... well , the ride had been hell , and one she was n't repeating for the forty - five minutes back .
mortimer watched her , smiling faintly as he inhaled her scent .
her natural smell was mixed with an outdoorsy scent from their excursion that morning .
when she then slipped out of her room , it was to find the air redolent with the scent of coffee and cooking bacon .
inhaling the lovely scents , sam snuck up the hall in her nightie , her clothes held before her like a shield .
little mewls of pleasure were slipping from her mouth to is as she moved her hands down to clasp his ass and urge him on until the scent of her excitement permeated the air around them .
mortimer inhaled that scent and then broke their kiss and reached for the button of her shorts , asking in a growl , ` ` have you ever made love in the woods ? ''
her mind was on what she was doing , but she could n't help but inhale his natural scent as she worked .
sitting so close to dani , decker found himself immediately enveloped in her scent .
he was noticing now , however , and without thinking , he moved in closer , his head turning to allow him to inhale the slightly intoxicating scent more fully .
dani seemed to fold into herself with relief at those words , and decker let his hand drop to rub her back soothingly , his head instinctively ducking to inhale her scent again .
without thinking , dani caught her by the front of her blouse and dragged her closer so that she could inhale the scent .
it was blood that had dripped down from his head wound and dried there , dani realized , and found herself inhaling deeply , drawing the sweet scent with a metallic tang into her nose .
dani swallowed thickly and then licked her lips , finally leaning forward a little to better inhale his scent , amazed to realize he smelled as delicious as a nice juicy steak as leo had said he would .
jo tugged it on over her head , smiling as she was immediately enveloped in his scent .
he was about to turn her in his arms and kiss her when a scent reached his nose that made him frown and sniff delicately .
just to be near him and inhale his scent and feel his arms around her one more time would make accepting death easier .
the faint scent of blood reached her nostrils , and she could n't help but inhale it more deeply .
he could wait , he decided , and then turned his head to the side and sniffed as he noticed that the chair was still warm from her occupancy and a trace of her perfume lingered in the air around him .
it was a lovely , spicy scent that he decided suited her perfectly , and he inhaled of it deeply , drawing it into his lungs with pleasure .
it had a rather interesting scent , a bit bitter perhaps , but aromatic .
now she watched him walk toward the table where she sat and inhaled the scent of him as he drew near .
she 'd found him attractive and interesting , and should have known right away that here was something different , but she 'd been focused on the task ahead and relegated to the back of her mind her responses to his scent and body heat as he 'd sat next to her .
noting the delicate scent , he then licked at the foamy substance , smiling as the familiar taste of cream filled his senses .
alex was pretty sure the scent was his , some designer aftershave she guessed , and found herself inhaling deeply with appreciation .
alex spent the ride back to the restaurant ignoring the scents emanating from the bag on her lap andconcentrating on figuring out the best way to get rid of cale once they were done eating .
fortunately , that session had been even shorter than the first , mostly due to the fact that cale had been lying there for a very long time , holding alex in his arms , inhaling her scent , and thinking of all the things he wanted to do to her .
the rich came from far and wide to buy my scents .
harper heard her inhale and glanced down curiously to see that she had her nose pressed to his chest and was trying to inhale his scent .
he 'd run his hands down her back , molding her body to his , and bend his head to inhale her sweet scent as he nuzzled her ear and- '' down , boy , '' julius said , snapping christian out of his imaginings .
instead , he was holding her in his lap as if she were an injured child ... or a lover , she thought as his scent enveloped her now that they were n't moving .
he smelled like the jungle on a rainy day , a slightly musky scent that made her forget people were staring .
` ` your blood sugar is low again , '' he said grimly , moving a little faster as her scent wafted to his nose .
carolyn tugged it on over her head , murmuring with pleasure as she inhaled his scent .
staring out at the night she absently plucked at the neck of the t - shirt she wore and pulled it up over her nose so that she could inhale his scent again .
or perhaps it was his arms around her , and his scent enveloping her , or the erection growing against her belly , carolyn thought , and then noticed that his eyes were more silver than black as she 'd seen on several occasions .
one of his arms was under her bare legs , the other around her back , his hand was resting against the curve of her breast through the t - shirt , and her scent was teasing his nose as he walked .
she immediately caught a whiff of a musky scent she 'd forgotten but immediately recalled .
but if you do n't like eggs or something i can make you french toast , or pancakes or- '' ` ` no , the omelet is fine , '' nicole interrupted , her mouth watering when he opened the oven door and a lovely scent rolled out on a wave of heat to tempt her nose .
in the next moment , nicole was enveloped in expensive perfume that smelled really , really good as marguerite hugged her .
the scent that hit nicole as she mounted the stairs was amazing .
it was n't her sweet , spicy perfume he 'd smelled , but her blood , and he 'd been hard - pressed not to bite into her neck .
she wore no perfume , having had none here to use after her bath .
the only fragrance masking her natural scent was the faint whiff of the hotel soap and bubble bath , but it was a very faint scent after the whole day spent making calls in the hotel room .
the only fragrance masking her natural scent was the faint whiff of the hotel soap and bubble bath , but it was a very faint scent after the whole day spent making calls in the hotel room .
most of what was reaching his nose was her natural scent , a sweet musky aroma that made his nose quiver .
he saw her eyes dart nervously toward the huge king - sized bed before skittering away , and he smiled as her scent changed .
she was breathing in his scent through her nose , tasting him on her tongue and her body , was soaking up the touch of his like an eager sponge .
his senses were alert to every change , reading the scents rolling off of her in waves and fluctuating between desire and guilt as her mood changed .
there was no way to keep her scent from drifting to him , however , and his nostrils flared as he inhaled her fragrance .
inez was suddenly at his side , her scent filling his nostrils anew as she gently touched his arm .
it was the scent tantalizing her nose that finally forced her out from under those last veils of sleep .
` ` i love your scent as you do . ''
he had been disoriented when he first regained consciousness in the cellar , but then he 'd breathed in the softest trace scent of vanilla and warm spices .
he grunted , savoring the vanilla sweet scent of her blood as it raced beneath the surface of her delicate skin .
her blood scent swamped him , filling his head like the sweetest intoxication .
she stepped outside and crossed the wide bricks of the patio terrace , then walked down onto the grass , breathing deeply of the ocean scent that had always meant home to her .
and he loved her spicy warm blood scent , especially when it mixed with the musky perfume of her arousal .
and he loved her spicy warm blood scent , especially when it mixed with the musky perfume of her arousal .
` ` they come in many exciting scents , like bilberry and orange blossom .
the fecund , salty scent of the sea hung in the still air .
the combination made a heady perfume .
except the faint perfume of cinnamon and ambergris that lingered in the air .
he could smell her marvelous scent and feel the electric energy hanging around him as if she had disappeared into thin air a moment ago .
her scent was erotic , cinnamon and ambergris mixed with a woman 's musk .
she wormed her way up toward his chest , kissing him lightly as she went , inhaling the scent of him .
she bathed , sorry the soap washed his scent from her body , then dressed and wandered to the front of the house .
i tried to think about claire , but the perfume in the air was so strong , so sweet , and i could almost feel how good it would be to sink into this dream , let it take me away ... ... . ` ` i think it 's time for me to go , '' dream girl said , and i felt a cool brush of lips on my cheek .
tough to justify walking out on that , so i went in the door and breathed in the scent of sweat , effort , old leather , metal , desperation .
she could smell a scent like autumn leaves and fresh snow , but she could feel theheat from his body .
my frown deepened when a faint whiff of redwood overtook the smell of chlorine and the tart scent of strawberries .
i took a deep breath to wash the reminder of nick away , and the faint scent of vampire tickled my nose .
a very familiar scent .
i could smell the scent of cinnamon and wine as his temperature rose .
the new scent of iron and stone tickled a memory , and hope brought me stiff .
the scent of roast pork slipped in , and my stomach growled .
the jolt was enough to bring my eyes shut for an instant , and i gasped , taking in the scent of musty fabric and discarded books left to the elements .
the faint outlines of my kitchen echoed in my memory before they became real , and the woody scent of herbs and copper cleaner tickled my nose .
sniffing , i curled up tighter , bringing the cloying scent of damp straw , horse dung , and sweaty leather deep into me , trying not to cry .
my gasp for air brought the scent of cinnamon and green things into me , and my alarm paused at a unique sensation , a twinge of something going through me .
his scent lingered in the cushions , the redwood blending with the whiff of electronics and burnt amber from the corner of the room .
i slumped farther into the couch to breathe in his scent , lingering in the cushions .
the scent of brewing coffee stirred me into a half - awake , half - asleep haze .
three pancakes were already waiting in the oven , their scent covering up the reek of burning hair .
he knelt beside me , and the scent of redwood grew stronger .
the door cracked open , and i breathed in the scent of books and coffee - stained carpet that said university .
i heard faintly , and then the sudden scent of vampiric incense and coffee pulled through me like a ribbon .
the noise grew fuzzy , but i felt myself moving until the wonderful mix of kitchen scents hit me .
he made a pleased sound , and the scent of burnt amber rose to mix with the scent of redwood and wood smoke .
he made a pleased sound , and the scent of burnt amber rose to mix with the scent of redwood and wood smoke .
jenks hovered before me with the scent of crushed dandelions , bringing my senses awake and filling me with the need to move .
safe within pierce 's sheltering bubble , ceri bound our wills together , her aura swirling , pressing against mine with the feeling of silk and the scent of sun .
the scent of hot chitin and burning hair smelled faintly like a lobster boil , and it made me ill .
` ` it 's a curse , '' he said , startling me when he leaned in and gave me a chaste kiss on the cheek , leaving me with the scent of redwood swirling in my brain .
the scent of redwood blossomed , but my face went cold in the slight breeze when i thought i smelled a hint of burnt amber .
the scent of musty carpet puffed up , and i looked around the sunset - gloomed air .
bis whispered , and i realized it was n't al 's hand on my shoulder but bis , his tail wrapped around my neck and the faint scent of iron lifting from him .
coming close , he seated himself on the adjacent couch facing the fire , his knee almost touching mine and his burnt amber scent pinching my nose .
there was a soft scrape of my foot on stone when i moved it , but it was pitch - black , the echo of two people 's breathing coming back with an unfamiliar , acidic scent .
jenks 's wings hummed to life , sending the scent of burning leaves over me .
like a wash , the scent of burnt amber oozed over the top .
the room went silent but for pixy wings as i pulled out a vial , gave a sniff , and imagining the faint scent of tea mixing with the reek of burnt amber , i downed it .
there was the strong scent of river , wet leather , and ... redwood .
what came afterward ... '' the blanket slipped from my shoulder when he shifted to find a more comfortable position , and i tugged it back up , sending his scent over me along with the blanket .
his presence beside me grew obvious , and the moist warmth between us rose up , carrying our mingling scents .
i breathed him in , liking the redwood scent and the bite of shoe polish .
he 'd taken the time for a hasty shower at the church before borrowing ivy 's sister 's car and coming out to find me , and the smell of soap mingled with the silk scent of his heavily patterned vest .
she gave a start until she saw jenks and me , and then she was charmed , scaring me and putting jenks in a foul mood if his comment about her perfume and a fairy 's hind end was any indication .
the scent of subgum rose from the softly steaming takeout box , filling the gray interrogation room at the fib with the scent of steamed pea pods , sauteed mushrooms , and broccoli .
the scent of subgum rose from the softly steaming takeout box , filling the gray interrogation room at the fib with the scent of steamed pea pods , sauteed mushrooms , and broccoli .
the scent of clean hay and oiled leather spilled out , and my shoulders relaxed .
lord akeldama 's abode was normal y a carnival of delights : discarded top hats and piles of playbil s , the scent of expensive cigars and french cologne , and it boasted a background hum of chatter and hilarity .
he poured the tea , strong and redolent of the scent of bergamot .
he caught the man 's scent : very expensive french perfume coupled with a hint of bond street 's best hair pomade and under that the slow richness of the unpalatable -old blood .
i could feel it around my mouth , on my lips and chin , the scent of it filling my nose .
the scent of life was overwhelmingly strong in my nose and mouth .
resigned , i leaned back , watching the three young creatures around me , trying not to breathe in their scent or listen to their hearts .
his pulse throbbed , his scent surrounding me , but this time , i only saw his face .
his lips were warm and soft , and his scent was everywhere , surrounding me .
not with his pulse f luttering an inch from my lips , and the sweet , heady scent of blood filling every part of my senses .
i could smell them on the air , the lingering scent of warm bodies and blood .
a pitcher and glass sat on the nightstand beside the bed , and the scent of warm blood roused my hunger with a vengeance .
the hot smell of blood , wrapped around the scent of fear and hopelessness and despair , roused the hunger from its restless hibernation .
the scent of fresh blood was suddenly very strong in my nose and mouth , and the hunger responded eagerly .
he tried to hide it , and he never complained , but i could hear the raspy , painful breaths , caught the faint scent of the blood he would cough up sometimes , and worry gnawed at my insides .
his scent and warmth surrounded me , heady and intoxicating .
it was his ; his scent clung to it , reminding me of him .
i rested my head against her shoulder , catching the faint scent of her perfume .
i rested my head against her shoulder , catching the faint scent of her perfume .
the scent of roses was cloying , and i counted at least three plug - in air fresheners responsible for the oppressive atmosphere .
it still held the fleeting scent of her perfume .
it still held the fleeting scent of her perfume .
there was that faint scent of vanilla mixed with gear oil once more .
a lovely scent .
some strange new scent on the air .
without further ado , mrs . loontwill kissed both of her daughters on the cheek , climbed back into the carriage , and departed in a whirl of lavender perfume and pink stripes .
lady maccon caught a whiff of vanilla scent , and then a soft voice spoke from her side .
for a moment , as the sea breeze tickled our skin and the heavenly scent of him , mixed with the faint residue of salt in the air , i forgot that things would change .
the scent of fresh lilacs filled my nose , and the heated water left a slight dampness to my face and hair .
i inhaled the scent of pine , water and pure man that came off him , and squeezed him tight as he lifted me a good foot into the air .
he set me down beside our massive bed , a fire in the fireplace already going and dozens of candles around the room , already filling it with the heady scent of vanilla .
` ` you though ... '' he inhaled deep , taking her scent in as well , ` ` are pure vampire , like me . ''
the air in the room was so heavy with the lingering scent of it , that it nearly felt palpable on my skin .
i relaxed back on the cushions and inhaled a deep cleansing breath , the smell of blood mixing with the scent of antiseptic and lilacs .
he sighed and his fingers shifted to my face , a light scent of grass on the tips , like he 'd been plucking it outside .
i wrinkled my nose at the scent of scotch and vomit wafting from him .
i took in the underlying scent of him , tucking it away as i focused on the new smells - paper and ink from his work , the calla lilies in our entry way , spike , the perfumed air of my mom 's house and then , underneath it all , something that smelled like ... engine oil .
i found myself doing the same with him , cringing a bit at the scent of cheap , imitation perfume ; the vampire had been a girl again .
i held my breath as the warmer outside air hit my skin , the scent of the ranch coming with it .
the scent was nauseating and i started to worry that my morning sickness might come back .
although they had a certain scent to them , something that was familiar and ... comforting .
as i held my breath , the dizzying scent of various species of flowers stopping , gabriel flicked a quick glance at us .
i started at a , and made up two boy names and two girl names with every letter of the alphabet , all the while inhaling the calming scent of teren under my nose .
he exhaled softly , the sweetness of his scent making me smile , even in my sleep - haze .
the smell of freesia from the hallway upstairs hit me , the scent wonderfully smelling of home and comfort and family .
i kissed the top of her head , the scent of baby shampoo filling me .
the ancient logs , both structural and decorative , released a scent in the air that reminded me of summer camp , even through the confines of the car .
the smell of grass wrapped around us , followed by the scent of clean water and the faint smell of animals .
i moaned as his cool blood poured into me - tangy , sweet , tasting of his scent - and combined with the fire in my body , pure bliss .
the scent of chlorine was nearly overpowering , but it was worth it , for the comfort .
the blood warming on the stove filled the air with a warm , refreshing scent , better than cinnamon on a chilly day .
a light , flower scent caught the air just as an averagely pretty woman stepped out of the cab .
as the floral scent wafting from her strengthened with her approach , i fortified my stomach .
she shook her head , her shoulder - length hair swishing around her neck ; it brought a wave of that floral scent to me and i was pretty sure that i 'd forever associate the smell with her .
behind him the fire popped and sizzled , the smell of mesquite swirling around the room , overlapping the scent of vodka seeping through my pores .
as i inhaled the soothing scent of her , she asked the one question that my mother would never think to ask .
ben looked around for tracey while teren and i smelled the air for her perfume .
taking one last look around , my eyes tearing as i cataloged the strangely familiar scent permeating my home , i followed with halina .
a familiar scent was on it and my head snapped up .
the scent of body wash tickling my nose , i headed over to him , cup extended .
i inhaled deeply , the scent in the air heavenly and a bit disgusting , since i knew where i was and what i was doing .
i did as well and i sensed it in the wind blowing our direction , that faintly familiar scent from the movie theaters and that abandoned building 's parking lot .
with the muffled , wet noises and the scent of fresh blood in the air , a lot of fresh blood , i felt like i did n't actually need to see it , to see it .
the scent of birthday cake lingered around them and the faintest trace of frosting lined their mouths .
my boyfriend stared at me , consumed by the scent of blood and the irresistible desire to devour it .
` ` that scent ... '' ` ` i ' m sure it 's just mold .
there was a palpable waft of excitement , not to mention perfume , as the werewolf was most every young lady 's favorite teacher .
the sweet scents of pine and cedar floated around me like incense .
as alexander and i descended the aging staircase , i could smell the strange scent of old books combined with the intoxicating scent of cheese pizza .
as alexander and i descended the aging staircase , i could smell the strange scent of old books combined with the intoxicating scent of cheese pizza .
we entered the monster - sized mouth of the cave , with its damp , musty scent and distinctive chilly air .
goose bumps traveled down my spine and , just for a second , i 'd swear his dead scent teased my nostrils .
i stopped and raised a hand to his whisker - covered face , even though all i wanted to do was inhale the thick spicy scent of him , let it fill my lungs and soul as he wrapped his arms around my body and claimed me thoroughly .
scarcely even dared to breathe as i listened to the wind , sorting through the scents that ran with it , nothing the sounds that ran underneath it .
and yet , besides dunleavy , there were only two other scents in the room .
as i turned to leave the room , a tingle of awareness ran across my neck , even as the scent of musk reached my nostrils .
his musky , spicy scent swum around me , as refreshing as an evening sea breeze in the less than aromatic atmosphere of the apartment .
of course , this brought me quite a few steps closer to cole , and his scent spun around me , warm and tantalizing .
the luscious scent of lavender and eucalyptus spun on the air and i breathed deep .
quinn was n't in the room , but his warm , sexy scent still teased the air .
he smelled of musk and man and dark spices - all scents normally guaranteed to set my hormones a - dancing .
i nodded , taking in the scents and sounds as we walked down the hall .
hints of sweet oils and feminine musk rode the air , mingling with the tangy spice of male and the faint scent of chlorine .
with the door open , the scent of jasmine was more powerful .
other scents soon joined it .
unless there were two ladies wearing the exact same scent , then jan tait was close by .
i sniffed the air , trying to catch the direction of the jasmine scent .
and with the mix of scents came odd mewling sounds .
i wrinkled my nose against the scent , not because it was horrible or anything , but because my blood was beginning to pound through my veins again , stirred to life by the seductive smell .
a few minutes later , my door opened and jin 's thick scent filled the room .
the cool breezed swirled around me , carrying with it a familiar scent .
i flared my nostrils , drawing in his scents , tasting the nuances and differences .
but i could n't say for sure that it was scent i 'd smelled emanating from room two at the health club .
quinn 's delicious scent filled the air .
it was n't jin - the legs that appeared underneath the car door as it opened were decidedly feminine , as was the flowery scent that spun through the air .
then i caught the familiar scent of sandalwood and masculinity on the air .
the air was rich with the scent of lust and sex , and i breathed deep , allowing the atmosphere to soak through every pore , every muscle , every bone .
i dropped a kiss on his shoulder blade and drew in his scent , so spicy and rich and male , then slid my hands around his waist and pressed my breasts against the heated flesh of his spine .
and the warm sandalwood scent told me who it was .
otherwise , why would i be standing here , drinking in the scent of sandalwood and man and desire , until all i wanted to do was wrap my arms around him and hold on tight ?
he was close enough that the heat of him , the musky male scent of him , rolled over me , briefly erasing the other scents that filled the night .
he was close enough that the heat of him , the musky male scent of him , rolled over me , briefly erasing the other scents that filled the night .
the air was a rampant mix of sharp spices , flowery perfume , fear , and desire .
she shuddered under his touch , and the scent of desire and need swirled around us , sharp and tantalizing in the heavy air .
it was n't very long at all before her already scarred back became a raw and bloody mess , but her breaths were short , shuddery gasps of pleasure , and the air was thick and heavy with the scent of her blood and her need .
the air was thick and humid , and filled with the rank scent of mustiness and old earth .
i drew in a breath - slowly but deeply - tasting the air , sorting through the thick scents of death and age and power , looking for the one that was kingsley .
the soft breeze swirled around us , tugging at his dark hair , catching his scent and spinning it around me .
he savored both a moment before he looked at her , appreciating both her directness and the fragrance she wore , which was light and sweetly floral , a perfect accompaniment to the natural female scent of her skin .
every breath he took smeled of her , that unique fragrance that was partly a soft floral perfume and mostly her natural essence .
every plant had a special scent , a vivid color .
her scent drifted to him - the forest , the flowers , and the night air itself .
he smelled her first , her clean fragrance , the scent of flowers drifting from her hair .
the wind carried scents , stories .
a scent drifted in with the night breeze .
he breathed in her scent , and again the heat was upon him , scorching him with the urgent demand to bury himself in her , to become truly one .
he inhaled , dragged her scent into his lungs .
the chant , the scent of herbs , and the flickering candlelight also seemed familiar .
he inhaled deeply , breathing her scent into his lungs , his hands moving slowly over her body , taking his time with her , fighting off the beast raging to possess her .
jacques leaned close so that his male scent invaded her lungs , until he was the very air she breathed .
she brushed a hand lovingly over the well - defined muscles of his back , inhaled their combined scents .
shea inhaled his scent sharply , pulled back so she could look into his eyes .
his scent spoke of health , veins bursting with life .
mikhail whirled a cape around her , enveloping her in warmth , in his woodsy , masculine scent .
he inhaled her scent , taking her into his body , enjoying the sight and smell of her in his home , the feel of her silky hair in his hands , her soft skin under his fingertips .
he bent his head to taste her skin , the texture , the scent of her .
he inhaled her scent deeply , drawing her into the very essence of his body ; his tongue slid across her slowly , a long caress .
he lingered over each scent until they were imprinted deeply in his mind .
he inhaled deeply , filling himself with the pure , clean scent of her , wiping out the ugliness of the night 's discoveries .
he took their combined scents deep within his lungs , bent to pick up their scattered clothing .
his scent lingered on her , would remain in her .
she had a woman 's haunting scent , like wild honey , a breath of fresh air .
the sweet scent of blood called to her .
her spicy feminine scent mixed with his masculine one , drifted up to become part of their desire .
at once the night air rushed over her , cooling and filled with intriguing scents .
the night is beautiful ; the colors and scents speak to us . ''
candles flickered , and the scent of the woods permeated the interior .
she inhaled his scent , the wild mystery of the night .
the power , the velvet heat , their mingled scents washed over him , became part of his insatiable desire .
the hot , sweet odor of his ancient blood mingled with their musk scents , the strong pull of her mouth coinciding with the strong grip of her body surrounding his .
mikhail respected his need to breathe in the night 's scents , to feel the ground beneath his feet , hear the music of the wolves , the night creatures calling with their soothing rhythms .
he had cleaned them both so that their bodies only smelled of each other and the scent of the herbal soap he used .
a fire glowed in the fireplace ; long , tapered candles emitted a light fragrance that mingled with the soothing scent of herbs .
her lashes drifted down , their combined scents lingering in the bedchamber , a soothing fragrance .
she inhaled his scent , wild and masculine and unexpectedly familiar .
looking at her , inhaling her scent , the brush of her hair or fingers turned his body into a hard painful ache that only she could assuage .
she drew air deep into her lungs and found his scent .
he simply pushed her thighs wide , lifting her legs over his shoulder , and bent his head to the sweet scent of her hot core .
all around them , candles sprang to life and the soothing aromatic scent of herbs and spices filled the air .
he inhaled her scent , took it into his lungs , his body , imprinting her on his mind for all time .
he inhaled their scent .
julian inhaled her scent , taking it into his body .
she inhaled , taking in the scent of his blood .
his body crowded closer to hers , not touching , simply so close his heat and masculine scent enfolded her , surrounded her , swamped her .
julian bunched a mass of ebony strands in his fist and crushed it to his face , inhaling the fresh , clean scent of her .
he could smell the combined scent of their lovemaking , the male 's blood mingling with hers .
she picked up his silk shirt , brought it to her face , and inhaled his masculine scent .
she buried her face on his shoulder , breathing in his wild scent , gasping as he lowered her over him , filling her completely .
the soothing aroma of herbs and candles filled the air , so that each time julian took a breath , the healing scent entered his body to help alleviate the pain knifing through him .
julian rested his head on her thighs , inhaling her scent , while the wind whispered its secrets and teased their bodies .
her heat beckoned , her wild scent calling to him to assuage her need .
he held her in silence for a time , breathing in the scent of her , trying to comprehend why he had been handed such a miracle , why he had been granted a reprieve at the last moment , been rewarded with a woman such as desari .
breathing in her scent gave him pleasure .
savoring the taste of her , their combined scents , he was drowning in ecstasy .
he inhaled , and her scent washed over him , clean and sexy .
at once , julian was aware syndil had been there ; he could smell her particular clean scent .
he would love to feel a woman 's soft skin , inhale her scent , pretend for just a moment he had someone who belonged to him , would look at him with love - genuine love - not that greedy heat that came the moment a woman knew his material wealth .
her scent was faint and alluring , drawing him .
standing there in the beauty of the night with the scent of the forest surrounding him as he took his last feast .
mikhail lit candles and the aromatic scents filled the air , aiding in the healing process .
the feel of gently falling snow , the sway to the trees as the breeze whispered through them , even the scent of the crisp air , all brought joy to him as he spiraled down to the forest floor to the appointed meeting place .
as he did so , he waved one hand so that aromatic candles filled the chamber with soothing , curative scents .
a faint breeze swept into the cavern , bringing the scent of wild flowers and freshly cut grass .
his scent enveloped her , the spicy male tang that was exclusively his mixed with the scent of musky male arousal making for a potent combination .
his scent enveloped her , the spicy male tang that was exclusively his mixed with the scent of musky male arousal making for a potent combination .
his lips drifted over her pulse , as he inhaled her scent .
at once the scents of lavender and jasmine filled the air .
the water in the huge pot continued to boil and the soothing scents of lavender and jasmine filled the air .
now , braids of sweet grass and copal tree resin were added to the smoking sage on the hot rocks along with herbs so that the room surrounded them with the scents of nature .
lara inhaled the scent , allowing the fragrance to carry her jitters away .
she experimented with technique , getting used to the feel and size of him , the texture and musky scent .
warm satin , the feel of her as addicting as her scent .
no matter what anyone said , his pipe tobacco mingled with the pungent scent of blood smelled all too fresh .
the scent of her enveloped him .
her scent drove him to a fever pitch .
he inhaled her scent , took it deep in his lungs .
the scent of her blood , the sound of the life moving through her veins called to him , tempted him when he was in such need .
his scent enveloped her and she opened her mouth to his , tongue stroking hers with sudden wanton abandon .
the pillow held his scent and she buried her nose against its softness , inhaling deeply before hugging it to her .
she inhaled , in an effort to catch the scents of anyone out in the hall .
instantly the air was filled with the scent of soothing lavender .
her fresh scent rose up to torment him , to tease his senses and harden his body .
deliberately she inhaled the noxious scent so she would know him anywhere .
he inhaled deeply , his eyes widening as he took in her scent .
she closed her eyes , wanting to keep forever in her mind the memory of her mother 's face , her scent and the way she smiled when she handed her the teacup .
his masculine scent enveloped her .
the noise was deafening , the scents overpowering .
the thought of a man touching me is ... '' she trailed off , inhaling his scent , taking it deep into her lungs .
nicolae inhaled her scent , felt her pulse jump beneath his lips .
so she could inhale his masculine scent and feel the brush of his skin against hers .
nicolae buried his face for one moment in her throat , inhaling her scent , whispering softly to her .
he took her from the underground burrow out into the open air so that the gentle wind slipped over her body , ruffled her hair and clothes , breathed a clean scent over her .
she inhaled his clean , masculine scent .
she woke to the scent of flowers .
destiny inhaled deeply , drawing the fragrance of flowers and her lifemate 's masculine scent into her lungs .
took the scent of the clean mist and held it to her while he filled her with the beauty of his hands and mouth .
hundreds of them , tiny pinpoints of light releasing a soothing aroma of spice and the scents of healing .
destiny took a deep breath , took the healing scents deep into her lungs .
she lay very still and let the sounds and scents of her world fill her with joy .
destiny looked around the small , comfortable kitchen , listened to the murmur of voices , inhaled the scent of tea as inez served the others .
falcon inhaled the night , taking in the scents , separating each until he found the one he was looking for .
he was only aware of her touch , the scent of her , the way she was looking at him .
he buried his face once more against her soft skin , breathed in her scent .
shea and raven were lighting aromatic candles , releasing a soothing scent that seeped into sara 's skin , made its way into her lungs , her body , and lessened the aches .
he kissed her temple , breathed in her scent .
her favorite perfume mingled with her natural scent and drifted through the forest so that the wildlife were very aware of her presence .
her favorite perfume mingled with her natural scent and drifted through the forest so that the wildlife were very aware of her presence .
her fresh scent mingled with the fragrant flower and was carried on the breeze , wafting through the forest and high into the trees .
only then did he lean down and inhale the fresh scent of her to take into his keeping .
right now , with the night enfolding him , with the scent of fresh game abundant , he felt the joy of the hunt , for many years the only pleasure he had known .
darius inhaled her scent , took it into his lungs , his body , and held it there .
her scent beckoned him , and he found himself burying his face against the slender column of her neck .
he inhaled , taking her scent deep within his lungs .
she watched him inhale , dragging the night scents into his lungs , and knew instinctively that he was scanning the area , testing the campsite , ensuring to his satisfaction that it was safe .
his masculine scent beckoned to something wild and untamed in her .
darius took their combined scents into his body , the feel of her hot skin , her breast beneath his cheek , the silken strands of her hair against his sensitized skin .
he lifted her struggling body as if she were no more than a child and buried his face in her neck for a moment , savoring her scent , the feel of her skin .
she inhaled the scent of pine .
she inhaled then , taking the scents of the night into her lungs .
she smelled food cooking , various perfumes and colognes , all mingling , overpowering each other until her stomach lurched from the onslaught .
she was silk and satin , warm honey , and the clean , fresh scent of the night he loved so much .
he groaned at the feel of her , moist and hot , beckoning him , her body 's wild scent calling to his .
as he opened the door , the night breezes washed over him , carrying scents and sounds from miles around .
her scent was beckoning him ; his body was hard and full with need .
she wandered around outdoors , inhaling the scent of pine trees and flowers .
soft whispers filled the cave , low laughter , the sounds of bodies moving together , the scent of their lovemaking .
his chin brushed the top of her head , lingering for a moment while he drank in her scent , made certain their scents mingled .
his chin brushed the top of her head , lingering for a moment while he drank in her scent , made certain their scents mingled .
aidan felt her heat beckoning him , the scent of her , the spice of her blood , so addicting , calling to him .
his arm curved around her , bringing their bodies close so that she smelled his clean , masculine scent and felt the heat of him right through their clothes .
aidan stroked her hair , massaging the nape of her neck as he drank in the scent of her .
aidan bent his head and brushed the top of her silky hair with his mouth , lingering for just a moment to breathe in her scent .
he breathed in the scent of his family .
he needed the sea with its crashing waves and scents and mist that he could manipulate when necessary .
he reached around her , his arm brushing her shoulders , his scent enveloping her .
aidan 's subtle , possessive movement brought his body even closer , and she could smell his scent .
then he lit candles , and a smoky aroma mixed with the scents of the herbs .
thomas took alexandria 's cape and enveloped her in it , breathing in her perfume .
he drank her in , her scent , that special fragrance that was hers alone .
outside , the night seemed to greet them , to welcome them , the stars brighter than usual , the air carrying fragrant scents from the ocean .
their scents , musky and fragrant , mingled , a perfume created from their lovemaking .
their scents , musky and fragrant , mingled , a perfume created from their lovemaking .
she moved her breasts against his skin , her scent enveloping him , a creamy invitation , a temptation impossible to resist .
the scent of nourishment beckoned , but she knew now that she could control herself , trust herself .
she loved the cloud formations and the scent of the air after a downpour .
he inhaled her scent ; she was already the very air he breathed .
like right now , his mouth skimming the top of her head , the way he inhaled her scent as if he were taking the essence of her into his own body ` ` i ' m beginning to be rather fond of your fantasyland , lucian . ''
he breathed her in , took her scent into his body .
lucian inhaled , taking in her spicy scent .
riordan inhaled , taking the scent of her deep into his body .
he bent his head to her thick mane of flowing hair , inhaling the scent of her .
in spite of the relentless pain , he was all too aware of her soft , generous curves and the heat and scent of her body .
her scent was ripe and feminine , an allure all its own .
juliette inhaled the scents of the night , the combined scent of man and woman .
juliette inhaled the scents of the night , the combined scent of man and woman .
when the wave passed she inhaled the scent of the healing candles .
the lights flickered , and the scents mingled to bring healing aroma wafting over the pool .
juliette stepped close to him , inhaling his scent .
he breathed in her scent deeply , careful to keep his head turned away from her .
gabriel inhaled the sweet welcoming scent of the earth 's richness beckoning to him .
he inhaled , dragging her scent deep into his lungs .
it was strange , she had always rather liked his cologne , yet now she thought only of the way gabriel smelled , his musky , male scent .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent , taking just a moment to rest her head against his shoulder .
almost blindly francesca turned her face into his throat , inhaled the spicy masculine scent of him .
the scent of her , clean and fresh and feminine .
she said his name , breathed his name , drew the masculine scent of him into her lungs .
what man would not have such thoughts walking in the night beside you , with the stars overhead and the breeze teasing him with your scent ? ''
francesca snuggled closer , breathing in his masculine scent .
very slowly he brought her palm to the warmth of his mouth , lingering for a moment to inhale her scent .
she was with him , his arms around her , her scent filling his lungs , and it was enough .
she leaned close , enveloping him in her mysterious scent .
he seemed not to move , yet he was so close she could smell his scent , clean , not foul .
she told herself to breathe , just to take a breath and inhale his scent .
the different scents that filled the air made the house all the more homey .
the candles sprang to life with a simple wave of his hand , immediately enveloping the chamber in a soft , fresh scent .
his scent enveloped her and her temperature soared .
all the while gabriel chanted the healing words and the scent of the herbs filled the air .
her scent mixed with the heady temptation , and the untamed beast in him rose quickly , his need and that of his brother great .
their scents were strong in his nostrils .
cloying perfume .
he inhaled deeply , drank in her scent .
he drew the scent into his lungs , into his veins , so his own blood heated and surged with a fierce , burning need .
his hands tangled in the silk of her hair , crushing strands to bury his face in , to inhale her fresh scent .
he drew a last breath , taking her scent into his body and holding it there as his heart ceased to beat .
a familiar scent filled her lungs as she inhaled one last breath .
all at once he could smell the night air again , smell her clean , fresh scent .
she could smell his masculine scent .
` ` how dare you come to me with another woman 's perfume clinging to you ? ''
instantly the room filled with a soothing , beguiling scent that seemed to find its way into her body , her very bloodstream .
the air in the room was thick with the scent of herbs , invading her senses , his voice mesmerizing her .
but she was very drowsy , her head spinning with the scent of the herbs and the feel of his hands in her hair .
the heavy scent of the herbs invaded her senses , inducing a languid drowsiness .
her breath caught in her throat , and she stilled beneath him , but the soothing chant went on , and the heavy scent of herbs combined with his gentle touch prevailed .
` ` i am listening to every word you say , ma petite , '' he murmured , lost in her softness , in the scent of her .
gregori inhaled her into his very body , her scent so feminine , so seductive .
he breathed warm air against her , inhaled her scent .
she could smell him , his woodsy , spicy scent .
he held her to him , inhaling her scent , their combined scents , counting himself lucky that she felt so strongly for his safety .
he held her to him , inhaling her scent , their combined scents , counting himself lucky that she felt so strongly for his safety .
a variety of herbs were crushed , some lit , filling the air with the scent of woods and flowers .
the scent of blossoms was all around them as their bodies tangled together .
instead he crushed herbs , soothing , healing herbs that carried the scents of their homeland to them .
you worry about the most ridiculous things , he said gruffly , burying his face for just a moment against her neck , inhaling her scent .
she leaned her head into his shoulder , inhaling his masculine scent .
he smelled the fresh scent dispersing the stale stench of the swamp .
she could smell his scent on her , and it was strangely comforting .
he inhaled her scent as he moved through the rooms .
the room held lisa 's scent and two pictures .
he paused for a moment , inhaling corinne 's scent .
her presence was everywhere in this room , her scent enfolding him in its embrace .
he allowed the scent and sound of her to wash over him , into him , through him , so that he felt centered and balanced .
every breath she took , she inhaled his masculine scent .
for a brief moment he stopped walking to bury his face in the warmth of her neck , inhaling her scent .
drank her scent in , deep within his lungs .
for a moment she leaned against his hard strength , inhaled his wild , untamed scent , was grateful for his enormous strength and poet 's words and the way he made her feel that her child was a part of him too .
barack took several candles from his backpack and lit them , filling the room with a soothing scent .
he grinned down at her , his wild scent enveloping her .
she closed her eyes until she could almost smell his clean woodsy scent .
the combination of scents instilled a peaceful tranquility in all who could take it into their lungs .
it was amazing - she could feel the wind ruffling the leopard 's fur , smell the scents in the air ; she knew what was happening all around her from the tips of its whiskers .
he took a breath , deep , dragging her scent into his lungs .
she breathed his name , inhaled his scent .
he inhaled the scent of healing herbs .
she kissed his throat , inhaled his scent .
she lifted her arms again to the moon and dark clouds , her hair wild and rain - slick , her breasts rising as she inhaled sharply to take in the scents of the night .
he smelled the rain , inhaled the scent of it , and there was an edge of pleasure in the sensation .
he inhaled deeply , drawing the tantalizing scent of powerful blood into his lungs , and sent zacarias a smirk , allowing , just for a few seconds , his eyes to glow ruby red as he turned back to demyan .
he inhaled , taking the scent into his lungs so he would recognize anywhere the man who had assaulted her , simply by smell .
she turned her head toward him and found herself wanting to nuzzle his neck in a rare display of shy affection , but she could n't quite dare to touch him so she just inhaled his scent , took his masculine essence into her lungs and held it there , as if she were hugging it to her .
she had a wild , untamed scent that appealed to him more than any other perfume he 'd ever smelled .
she had a wild , untamed scent that appealed to him more than any other perfume he 'd ever smelled .
with every breath she drew the scent of him into her lungs .
the scent was in her nostrils and she quickened her pace , working her way along the branches , careful not to slip .
he inhaled , drawing the scent of her arousal into his lungs .
she could smell his masculine scent and she inhaled to draw him deeper into her lungs .
` ` i love the way your body grows so wet for me , '' he said , inhaling her welcoming scent .
she held the white silk shirt to her face , inhaling his scent deep into her lungs before she folded the silk and placed it neatly on the bench .
dominic fanned the breeze just enough to send another burst of scent into the air .
solange nuzzled his chest , inhaling his scent .
i love your scent , how soft your skin is here .
for a moment he smelled a wisp of fragrance , a scent of something clean and fresh in the midst of the decaying rot surrounding him .
juliette inhaled maryann 's scent and watched the movements of her body closely .
he needed to bury his face in her wealth of blue black curls , inhale her scent and keep it for all time in his lungs .
manolito leaned in close - close enough to envelope her in his pure male scent , to warm her body and make her feel feminine and protected .
the flowers gave off a rotten fragrance , and the scent of death seemed to cling to everything .
` ` maybe they 're attracted to my perfume . ''
he inhaled her , drawing her feminine scent deep into his lungs , heard her heart thundering in his ears , felt the soft skin , the lush silken texture of it , and had to resist the urge to thrust her beneath him .
the scent of his mate enfolded him , called him and commanded , and his body throbbed and ached with the need to answer .
` ` solange is resting and juliette is with her sister , '' he took a breath , drew her scent deep into his lungs .
manolito continued to pace , so she sank down onto the flowers , surprised that once again they released their fragrance , filling the air with soothing scent .
the masculine scent of him was in her lungs , surrounding her with every breath she drew .
shadows receded until there was only the bed of flowers and the fragrance and scent of man and woman calling to each other .
the scent and feel of her tight sheath surrounding him , milking him , drove him past all sanity , and he plunged into her over and over , pistoning long strokes into her , letting the fiery sensations take him completely .
he pressed his forehead to hers and closed his eyes briefly , inhaling her scent .
he nuzzled her throat , inhaled her warm , feminine scent , was pleased that his scent lingered over her skin .
he nuzzled her throat , inhaled her warm , feminine scent , was pleased that his scent lingered over her skin .
marguarita cleaned the entire house , every room , mopping and dusting and permeating the house with a strong cinnamon scent .
exhausted , she had another cup of tea and then showered and changed her clothes again , meticulously washing and drying the outfit she 'd been wearing , using perfumed soaps to remove and cover any lingering scent .
he shoved the slip of paper into his pocket and waved the others back to the wastebasket before picking up her pillow and inhaling her scent .
he inhaled her scent and found himself fighting the call of her blood .
the scent of her filled the house , an intensely feminine fragrance .
the door to the bathroom was open and steam mixed with perfume drifted into the living room .
he inhaled her , drawing the air laden with her scent deep into his lungs .
this woman had changed him for all time , changed his world , and where there was no feeling for as long as he could remember , now his entire focus , his entire being was centered on marguarita 's soft body , the blood pulsing through her veins and the feminine scent of her calling to the male in him .
he felt as if the world stood still , as if he held his breath , waiting a heartbeat , savoring the feel of her , the scent and the incandescent beauty of her color , because - oh stars and moon above - he saw her color .
her scent enveloped him - and this time there was no feminine allure .
abruptly he left her room , left her fragrant scent and the terrible need clawing at his veins .
the clawed tub was deep and the scent of peaches and cream wafted up from the porcelain .
standing in a small room drawing the scent of marguarita deep into his lungs made him feel more than he ever had - or could ever remember .
the heady scent of her arousal enveloped him and fed the fires burning and clawing at his belly .
zacarias seemed to love the scent of her bath .
the scent of the hay and stamp of hooves were etched into his soul for all time .
zacarias took another deep breath to draw marguarita 's scent into his lungs .
the hunger did n't stop for zacarias , not when he could hear the drumming call of a pulse , not when he could smell the rich scent of fresh blood .
a breeze cleared the room of all scent .
the room felt and smelled clean , the scent of lavender and chamomile drifting around them .
the bed had cool sheets with the scent woven into them lightly .
beside him , marguarita slowly relaxed , the tension easing from sore , knotted muscles enough to allow her to breathe in the soothing mixture of lavender and chamomile scents .
at once the scent of her favorite oils drifted into the room along with a floating steam cloud .
the scent of honeysuckle filled bonnie 's nostrils .
he was leaning so close to her she could smell his masculine scent .
when he inhaled her scent , she smelled of spring and forest .
he inhaled deeply , taking her scent into his lungs , his body and soul , so he would know her anywhere , find her anywhere .
his masculine scent clung to the corners , his voice brushed over her skin , at her insides like black velvet .
her blood flowed into him like nectar and he allowed himself to indulge in her exquisite beauty , the taste and scent of her .
she turned her face into the coolness of the pillow , inhaled rafael 's scent , and covered the mark on her neck with her palm , holding it like a caress against her skin .
imprisoned against his hard strength , she inhaled his masculine scent with her heightened senses .
vivid colors in the night , the breeze bringing scents and sounds to her she had never experienced before .
i can smell your scent calling to me .
lightning forked in the clouds and crystal - clear rain fell once again , pouring down onto the fires and leaving a crisp , fresh scent behind .
along with that scent came the soft sobbing of a child .
he filled her mind with strength and the scents he had discovered in her lair , the ones he knew soothed her , to sustain her through the rest of the healing .
every breath she took seemed to draw the scent of him into her lungs .
as they approached the small farm , the air lost its crisp , fresh scent and began to feel and smell foul .
the fragrance of her drifted to the vampire mixed with the tempting scent of carpathian blood .
razvan looked around him and inhaled to drag the scent of lavender into his lungs .
he had kissed her in their shared dream and he could taste her in his mouth , on his tongue , filling his senses with the wild rain of her , the scent and taste of a new storm washing the forest clean .
she sent him a small smile , pressed one last kiss against his neck just to feel his warmth and take in his masculine scent .
her scent called to him as she rode his hand , almost sobbing .
she could hear her own soft gasps , smell their combined scents as the waves broke over her again and again before he found his own release .
around the incubators she lit sticks of incense that filled the chamber with the rich scent of clove to keep out all hostility .
the scent of the earth as it closed around her torn body , welcoming her into the deeper recesses where nothing could reach her .
thrusting her sword into her brother 's hands , she leapt into the air , her hair striping as she shifted , making the change - a beautiful , glorious tiger , a little more modern but all female , her alluring female scent filling the room .
byron closed his eyes and inhaled sharply as if he could drag her scent deep inside his body .
she inhaled the scent , took it deep into her lungs .
inhaled his scent .
antonietta could smell her distinctive perfume and hear the continual rustle of clothing .
she knew her housekeeper was close by the faint perfume .
antonietta smiled , her head going up , inhaling , as if drawing byron 's scent into her lungs .
i could n't tell who they were , their voices and their scents were unfamiliar to me .
the scent was aromatic and soothing .
the heady scent of their lovemaking dissipated , to be replaced by the fragrance of her favorite bath salt .
the coppery scent permeated the air , rose on the wind .
the door to the solarium rattled , stuck for a moment , then fresh air circulated through the room , taking the combined scent of their lovemaking and dispersing it immediately .
she could smell byron 's masculine scent and for some reason it called to her .
with the exhalation , his lips curled away from his teeth and fangs , baring them on a hungered growl as the scent of fresh blood wreathed the banquette .
he looked around him , at the borrowed darkhaven in the middle of a secluded forest , the cozy great room with its fireplace and soaring rafters and the enormous pine that stretched up toward them , fragrant with the evergreen scent of the outdoors .
he did n't want to notice how good she smelled this close to his face , how her skin and hair still carried the faint fragrance of hotel soap and shampoo and the more intriguing scent that was hers alone .
her head filled with the dark scent of his skin and the blood that pulsed so forcefully against her tongue .
he groaned , breathing in the fragrance of her , a scent that was both earthy and exotic , innocent and wild .
her scent intensified , spurring his own need to a fever pitch .
his fangs had erupted from his gums at the first pinprick that scored her skin , his hunger worsening to a fevered throb at the trace exotic scent of her blood .
i take another sip of my drink , slowly , breathing in the sweet scent , trying to forget all the blood i saw all over my hands .
sylas breathes in the scent of my blood before moving away .
a familiar scent sparkles at my senses .
he sketches his finger along my collar bone and breathes in my scent .
they inhale my scent and it drives them mad .
he hated to wash the scent of rue from his skin , but he wanted to seem as normal as possible to the people he talked to tonight .
he 'd drifted through the silent rooms , touched her things , absorbed her scent .
no matter where she went or what she did , he was always there - watching , waiting , creeping so close at times she could smell the death scent he wore like cologne .
paint cans and drop cloths littered the living room floor , and sarah could smell varnish , sawdust - and another scent that did n't belong there .
the scent of leather and pipe tobacco still hung heavy in the room .
he walked over to the dressing table , and for a moment , swore he could still smell her perfume .
he drew in a breath , letting the lingering scent of rachel delaune 's perfume strengthen his resolve .
he drew in a breath , letting the lingering scent of rachel delaune 's perfume strengthen his resolve .
the trick was learning how to peel away the overpowering odor of decay in order to detect the more subtle scents beneath .
the banana trees would shed their brown leaves like a snake sloughing off dead skin , and wisteria would hang like a heavy curtain over the garden walls , perfuming the evening air with a nostalgic scent that always took him back to his days in the seminary .
sarah would bury her face in his shoulder and tangle her fingers in his shirt as she breathed in the subtle , spicy scent of his cologne .
the lingering scent of his aftershave in the bathroom , on his pillow .
once the room was dim , ashe climbed through the window and sniffed the air , letting sarah 's scent wash over him .
the interior smelled like peppermint and another scent that sarah could n't identify .
the sickly sweet scent was like no other , and every hospital she 'd ever been in always had that same odor .
suddenly , the room was oppressive , the lingering scent of cigar smoke a sickening reminder of a dark obsession .
and what was that strange scent ?
not just the dirt , but the funereal - home scent of hothouse roses .
it was the scent she remembered from fourteen years ago .
that homely fragrance was underlain with the faint dry scent of vampires , a smell not at all unpleasant .
the next worst would have been letting bill bite me , because with the intoxicating scent of fairy in the air i was n't sure he 'd be able to stop in time .
eyes closed , i breathed deeply , looking for the scent of redwood .
i went back to my things , slowing at the telltale scent of sulfur emanating from them .
the lowering sun was heady and strong , making the scents clear as it pulled moisture from the damp ground .
the faint scent of wood ash on them was n't unpleasant , but it seemed to cling to me .
` ` often the mere washing of your clothes together leaves enough of a scent to let your lover know you care . ''
with jenks 's grudging help , i picked out a new perfume that helped hide ivy 's lingering scent .
that awful lavender perfume was thick on my clothes , choking me .
i wrinkled my nose and tried not to gag as i realized i could smell the alcohol used to carry the flowery scent .
his scent washed over me , the musty scent of black earth .
his scent washed over me , the musty scent of black earth .
i could hear her breath and smell the sweet - sour tang of wet ash and redwood : our scents dangerously mingling .
the disguise spell helped ; i was a big - nosed brunette again , reeking of that lavender perfume .
his sudden sweat mixed with the scrape of his polyester jacket against my arm , and i thought it more vile than my perfume .
i watched , fascinated , as he fell asleep amid the scent of bay leaf and lilac .
` ` you smell too strongly of magic for a secretarial position , despite trying to cover it with that - mmm - perfume ? ''
` ` and maybe get a stronger perfume ? ''
soon the scent of furniture , carpet , and electronics grew pungent , and it was with no surprise that i found the open - air deck .
the woman 's perfume was strong , and i sneezed , clenching in pain .
a faint scent of redwood came from her , almost overwhelmed by her perfume .
a faint scent of redwood came from her , almost overwhelmed by her perfume .
though i had scrubbed myself twice , i thought i still smelled mink under my perfume .
i said , deciding i 'd stick with my lilac perfume rather than have a body odor that only vamps could smell .
nick 's eyes began to water at the strength of my perfume , and he backed off .
this was not what i had been expecting , and my hand crept up to cover my neck where i had dumped a splash of that awful perfume .
eyes scrunched from my too strong perfume , he stuck out his left hand instead of the usual right , seeing as we were both unable to use them .
the windows were cracked to dilute my perfume .
he shouted , trying to tug away , reeling as my perfume hit him .
the woman 's face scrunched up and she whispered a derisive , ` ` perfume . ''
his voice was dusky , as rich and abiding as the scent of decaying maple leaves .
the club reeked of stale perfume and sweat , but the musty tang could n't mask the trace scent of fresh human blood .
how long had it been since she 'd smelled the crisp , faintly smoky scent of winter on the breeze ?
the air was clouded with the mingled odors of greasy food and strange spices , grill smoke and perfume , and far too many human bodies for his liking .
she was sweet and warm against his tongue , her blood scent filling his nostrils with the delicate fragrance of dark bergamot and tender violets .
this woman was perfect , her scent was tantalizing to him , and she was his .
her scent was so feminine , so maddening to him .
he buried his face in her hair , inhaling her scent .
so many things about this night had reminded malkom of his past - the water , the scent of the soap , her palm closing over him from behind .
the scent was sharp but pleasant , and the brushing felt good , as if his mouth were being petted .
the now familiar scent of her arousal , the look in her glittering eyes when she was needing , the way she nibbled her bottom lip whenever her thoughts grew wicked .
amid the thousands of distracting scents , malkom finally caught carrow 's , following it down a long corridor into a wood - paneled room .
with his brows drawn tight , he closed his lips around the swollen peak , muttering mindlessly to himself about how sweet she tasted ... how he 'd dreamed of her scent .
she shook her head , and the ex '' uisite scent of her hair nearly felled him .
the old witch always wore an apron with pockets full of mysterious spellcasting powders , and every time carrow hugged her , those scents wafted up .
no food scents or movements came from within .
he leaned toward her and breathed in the sweet scent of her hair and skin .
he could also smell the scent of her hair and skin .
her scent filled his nostrils , sending a cascade of pleasure through his mind before rushing to his groin .
her turquoise eyes , her luscious body , her intoxicating scent , her brave spirit , and her sassy attitude - it all added up to sheer torture .
her scent filled him with a sense of comfort and peace .
her scent made him grow harder .
i knew that the scent of my blood ? so much sweeter to him than any other person 's blood , truly like wine beside water to an alcoholic ? caused him actual pain from the burning thirst it engendered .
i could taste his scent on my tongue .
i could almost taste the sweetness of reunion in the air , a separate fragrance from the perfume of his breath ; the emptiness when we were apart left its own bitter aftertaste , something i did n't consciously notice until it was removed .
they came across something they had never encountered before - a strange , sweet scent in the forest that burned their noses to the point of pain . ''
the first thing i realized was that i was not alone , and i turned to bury my face in edward 's chest , knowing the sweet scent of his skin would chase the nightmare away more effectively than anything else .
i noticed that jacob 's skin had a woodsy , musky scent - it fit the setting , here in the middle of the forest .
the thick smoke curled up slowly , looking more solid than it should ; it smelled like burning incense , and the scent was uncomfortable .
the sedan 's interior still held a strong disinfectant scent , lingering from the top - to - bottom sterilization ackmeyer had insisted upon before he 'd agree to set foot in the vehicle .
the sight of that tiny teardrop and crescent moon , coupled with the lily - sweet scent of her spilled blood , tightened the knot of regret that had settled like a rock in his gut from the moment of his team 's call from the field .
mira did n't have to ask if the modest chamber belonged to kellan ; she could smell his scent all around her , the dark , spicy warmth that had long ago been branded into all of her senses .
another scent drifted on the warm night air too - faint and fading , the lily - sweet perfume of mira 's blood .
another scent drifted on the warm night air too - faint and fading , the lily - sweet perfume of mira 's blood .
the crisp scent of morning rushed in behind her , clinging to her caramel - brown hair and the form - fitting black blouse and leg - hugging skinny jeans that disappeared into the tops of spiked ankle boots .
mira woke up from an exhausted sleep , the warm , spicy scent of kellan all around her .
beneath the intoxicating scent of mira 's skin , dewy with clean sweat and the musky perfume of sex , kellan 's breed senses caught the faint lily sweetness of her blood .
beneath the intoxicating scent of mira 's skin , dewy with clean sweat and the musky perfume of sex , kellan 's breed senses caught the faint lily sweetness of her blood .
he rocked into her , his clothing soaked , head delirious with the warm , wet scent of her naked skin and the sweet , honeyed fragrance of her arousal .
chaz 's grave on the grounds of the old bunker carried the scent of freshly turned earth , mingling with the pungent brine of the damp ocean breeze that rolled in off the cove to where kellan sat , keeping watch through the night .
she heard a soft , wet sound , smelled the spicy - dark scent of his blood .
her blood welled on his tongue , deep red , the coppery tang of it laced with the trace fragrance of lilies , her unique blood scent .
the wind was sharper out from under the cover of the eucalyptus , and filled with the scent of the sea .
the villas gave way to thicker strands of eucalyptus and acacia trees , the strong scents filling the night .
` ` so , '' he said , stopping mere inches away from me , leaving the spicy scent and the heat to flow across my senses , teasing and arousing .
sated , i collapsed against him , sucking in his spicy , sweaty scent with every intake of breath , feeling it fill me , consume me , as his body had consumed me .
i did n't move , sucking in the scents around me , aware of the sharp , rusty scent of the hissing steam , and the piney scent of the man standing on the other side of the crushed cab .
his musky , spicy scent swum around me , as refreshing as an evening breeze on a warm summer day .
the car smelled of leather , musk , and the tangy , flowery scent of perfume .
the scent was musky , entwined in an earthy , piney aroma .
the thick , flowery scent of perfume hit me almost straightaway , but underneath was a sour aroma i could n't quite place .
his arms circled my waist and his scent wrapped around me , until all i could feel was his warm and steady presence .
` ` that 's so very tempting , '' i murmured , wriggling closer , enjoying the heat and scent of him as it flowed across my senses .
` ` it 's as bad as the first one , '' he said , stopping in the doorway and filling my senses with his warm , masculine scent .
i stayed there , bent over the mint bush , sucking in the scent as i tried to calm the trembling in both body and spirit .
the air was rich with exhaust fumes , gas , humans , and eucalyptus - not my favorite scents , but better than death any day .
the scent of vanilla and cinnamon teased the air , but entwined in that was the heady scent of man .
the scent of vanilla and cinnamon teased the air , but entwined in that was the heady scent of man .
i helped myself to a peppermint mocha and drew the sweet , rich scent into my lungs .
the scent and heat of his lust increased , swirling around me , filling my senses with his rich spicy aroma , making the low - down ache even fiercer .
unlike the other rooms in this house , though , it had a homey feel to it , filled with warmth and the rich scent of baking .
so did i. i kept close , following the shimmer of her blonde hair more than her scent , which kept getting lost in die heated air .
fear flicked through her remaining eye , and the smell of it overran the scent of lilies and sex wafting off her .
i followed his rich scent through the living room and into the bedroom .
i flared my nostrils , sucking in the scents , allowing the lust and the scent of sex to flood through my body .
the sensual and erotic melodies of the music mingled with the scent of lust and sex in the air , creating an ambience that was relaxing yet sexy .
the smell of blood and fear stung the air , but mixed within those scents was the reek of anger .
the aroma of rotting rubbish , perfume , and the thick scent of humans rode the air .
the normal sounds and scents of living drifted up from the apartments below , but the air also held the slightest hint of staleness - the type of staleness i 'd long associated with vampires .
the aromas coming from the sack were a wild mix that had my nose quivering - the sweet , licorice scent of fennel , the reek of garlic , a soft flowery scent i did n't recognize , and something woody .
the aromas coming from the sack were a wild mix that had my nose quivering - the sweet , licorice scent of fennel , the reek of garlic , a soft flowery scent i did n't recognize , and something woody .
then the bag on my chest began to burn , and the sweet scent of fennel and flowers flooded the air .
despite the late hour , lygon street was alive with people , music , and the delicious , multi - layered scents of cooking and food .
i breathed deep , allowing the scents to roll through me , savoring every tasty moment even as my stomach grumbled to hurry up .
but music still pulsed from the blue moon and the scent of lust and arousal ran on the air , as delicious as the aroma of food .
` ` i love the scents and the sounds .
but thankfully , there was another scent overpowering those hospital smells , and it was all warm spice and leather .
a scent i could concentrate on , depend on , a scent i 'd recognize anywhere .
the rich , chocolaty scent drifted up , and i sucked it in with a happy sigh .
the scent of sex and lust swum around us , its sweet aroma stirring my hormones to life yet again .
a warm wind rushed in to greet us , and the scents of oil and diesel were heavier on the air .
` ` there 's more , '' rhoan said , his voice harsh as the sound of flesh hitting flesh joined the scent of burning in the air .
his leathery , spicy scent was absent .
eventually the aroma of earth began to run underneath the scent of fish and ocean .
the scent of eucalyptus gradually replaced the salty scent of the ocean .
the scent of eucalyptus gradually replaced the salty scent of the ocean .
light twinkled tantalizingly in the darkness , and the scent of barbecuing meat touched the air , making my taste buds water and my stomach rumble .
it seemed more barnlike in structure than houselike - though if it was a barn , i could n't smell any of the usual scents that went along with it .
his scent touched the air long before i actually saw him - musky , spicy human .
hints of red and gold touched the predawn sky , and the air was crisp , holding the scents of eucalyptus and sea .
the scent of the sea was growing stronger , and the treetops where beginning to shiver with a sea breeze .
the scent of jorn 's blood lingered on the air , a sweet aroma that stirred the hunter to life .
i looked beyond him , my nose raised slightly , tasting the air for yohan 's sour scent .
thankfully , it was n't all that long before kellen 's footsteps echoed in the hall and his rich , warm scent drifted on the air .
the scent of warm , clean man filled her senses .
the breeze picked up , bringing the scents of the campsite to them .
not only is it a communication device , but it can also be dropped as a distraction , scented with various perfumes and noxious gases for discombobulation , used to wipe the forehead of a gentleman , or even bandage a wound , and , of course , you may dab at the eyes or nose if it is still clean .
the scent of ozone rose high as it grew warmer , and i unzipped my coat .
the ruffled pixy brought the scent of store - bought dirt to me as he retreated to my shoulder , and my brow furrowed when i turned my back on her to poke around under the counter for a teapot .
keasley had a brown paper grocery bag in his hand , and he brought the cold scent of snow in with him , mixing pleasantly with a witch 's characteristic redwood scent .
keasley had a brown paper grocery bag in his hand , and he brought the cold scent of snow in with him , mixing pleasantly with a witch 's characteristic redwood scent .
around me were the soft , familiar sounds of the zoo preparing to open , mixing with the scent of exotic manure .
i waited as he leaned forward , sending the scent of redwood to me .
they flashed open when he leaned closer and the scent of musty books and new electronics filled me .
i could smell the lingering aroma of leather on him under the dry scent of silk .
` ` thanks , '' i said as i passed them , catching their heavy redwood scent in the crisp , painfully dry air .
he was at the watch counter last week when ivy and i were picking out a new perfume , to overpower my natural scent mixing with hers .
ivy had been getting me perfume since i 'd moved in as we tried to find a scent that covered up her lingering aroma on me and help her curb her vampiric tendencies .
the smell of his wool coat was strong , and under that was the heady scent of leather .
the scent of lilac rose as i opened it at the dog - eared page .
i dabbed on a bit more of my new perfume , checked my makeup , hid my hair - taming amulet behind my shirt , then grabbed a small clasp purse , as my shoulder bag would ruin everything .
and there was my new perfume ... '' but i ' m not putting this on to intentionally mix our scents .
shaking my head , i tightened the tie on his coat , and the scent of leather puffed up .
it was warm with the scent of people and excitement .
the scent of leather and silk was strong , the hint of something deeper , primal , tugging at my instincts making me not know what to feel .
the pungent scent of ink assailed me , and david looked up from notarizing it .
the throbbing in my head retreated to a mild agony , and when i heard a soft puff of breath and the biting scent of blown - out candle reached me , i opened my eyes again .
the heavenly scent of coffee started to mix with the musty heater .
the familiar spicy scent of bane rose thicker in the small room , and i was n't surprised when david brought out a cellophane bag with a zippy top .
i could smell plywood over the almond scent of ivy 's stupid cookies .
he buried his nose in my hair and breathed in my scent .
the scent of leather grew thick and warm .
i could hear his heartbeat and smell our scents mingling .
dumping the water from the thermos , she refilled it with the entire carafe of coffee , sealing the heavenly scent in metal and glass .
the scent of almonds and leather filled my senses .
i stared at the carpet , not seeing the candles or smelling the scent of wax and perfume as the faint boom of the door shifted the air .
i stared at the carpet , not seeing the candles or smelling the scent of wax and perfume as the faint boom of the door shifted the air .
i refused , but he yanked me up so fast that i found myself pressed against him , breathing in the scent of crushed velvet and burnt amber .
i could smell her rich scent of dark incense and ash .
i jerked back when his gloved hand brushed my skin with the scent of lavender , but al 's hand dropped lower to grasp my hair .
the scent of redwood rose , briefly overpowering the cloying stench of burnt amber .
the sound of running water chattered out , accompanied by the scent of wet snow .
it smelled like ellasbeth , and my subtler perfume could n't compete .
the scent of cooking batter drifted close , heady with promise , and my mouth watered as maggie returned with two steaming plates of waffles .
they were still warm from her body heat , and the faint scent of musk mixed with a light meadowy smell .
i dabbed a drop of ivy 's expensive perfume on me - the one that hid my scent - then followed it up with a splash of a musky perfume jenks once said smelled like the underside of a log : earthy and rich .
david was behind me , his pace silent but his presence obvious by the faint scent of fern .
the musty scent of the perfume overpowered the car , and david rolled his window down , grimacing .
the musty scent of the perfume overpowered the car , and david rolled his window down , grimacing .
the scent of leather became obvious , mixing with the hard aroma of burning ash , and i snuggled closer into kisten .
the scent of rain lingers in the air and the driveway is marked by puddles .
` ` he always radiates a flowery scent . ''
he struts down the hall until he 's invading my personal space , eyes glinting , his lips pressing , his floral scent stinking up my nostrils .
i breathe in his scent , cologne mixed with the musty odor of the lake .
he grapples the branch above my head , his floral scent potent .
nicholas takes a seat next to me , smelling like daisies , rain , and perfume .
maybe ... '' i drag my fingers through his hair , breathing in his musky scent .
encircling my arms around his waist , i breathe him in , his earthy scent .
i breathe in the morning air and her scent , but then frown at the sun rising over the mountains , the land shifting from grey to hues of pink and orange .
` ` your scent ... your soul is intoxicating . ''
then , i head down to the kitchen , breathing in the scent of freshly baked bread .
she breathes in the scent of bread as she kicks the bags out of the way .
once we step inside , the music instantly surrounds us , along with the scent of sweat , blood , and alcohol .
i flinch , lifting my leg , ready to kick them in the shin when i catch the scent of cologne and earth and everything that 's wonderful in the world .
` ` still , '' he persisted , the not unpleasant scent of musk growing as he turned to me in the confined space .
` ` okay , '' i said , and matalina and jih rose a few inches , sending the scent of green things to me .
instead , i leaned my head against him and took in his scent : a mix of dark leather and silk .
either scent was delicious , and i breathed deeply , willingly taking in the vampire pheromones he was unconsciously giving off to soothe and relax me .
the scent of leather and silk crashed over me , and i closed my eyes in anticipation .
the scent of pizza and someone else 's perfume hung about him , and by his carefully styled hair , clean - shaven cheeks , expensive dress slacks and silk shirt , i knew he had come from work .
the scent of pizza and someone else 's perfume hung about him , and by his carefully styled hair , clean - shaven cheeks , expensive dress slacks and silk shirt , i knew he had come from work .
i said , turning to my dresser to pack the ungodly expensive bottle of perfume that kept my natural scent from mixing with a vampire 's .
` ` damn it , kist , '' i said , putting my cheek to his shirt and breathing in his scent .
grinning , i did jumping jacks , knowing the mixing of our scents would drive him slightly nuts .
the sharp scent of the soap ticked my nose , and i dumped in a full measure , then added a little more .
the smell of pizza mixed with the rich scent of wet garden , and ivy came in looking like a frat boy 's fantasy in her rain - damp , sex - in - leather coat and a square box of pizza balanced on one hand .
three drops of my blood went plopping into the vat , and the throat - catching scent of burnt amber rose as my blood kindled demon magic .
the harsh smell of low - grade yarn dye did n't mix well with the luscious scent of leather and silk .
at least i had showered before dinner , thinking it only fair i get rid of the lingering scent of wearing his sweatshirt .
kisten stirred in the living room when they went plopping into the spell pot and the scent of burnt amber rose .
my fingers fumbled to unroll the coffee bag , and the dark scent of grounds hit me , thick and comforting .
his eyes went everywhere , and he breathed deeply , absorbing the scents of the room and using them to read the situation .
the dusky scent of her filled my senses , and i stepped away .
he reached forward , and i leaned against him , breathing in his scent one last time .
it was nearing the horizon , and the wind coming in my window was chill , carrying the scent of earth and growing things .
out flowed the scent of citrus and clean linen .
it smelled wonderful , rich with subtle perfumes of exotic flowers and vines filtering out from behind an obvious pair of glass doors .
nervous , i ducked under his arm , breathing deeply of the scent of moist dirt .
my bracelet hissed against the map , and jax flitted close , landing to bring the bitter scent of maple syrup to me .
i could smell the heady scent of redwood coming from him like spice .
i ' ve got some sleepy - time potions in splat balls and three scent amulets . ''
logs were arranged in a circle around a large defunct bonfire , and i could faintly smell the acidic odor of hurt and pain over the scent of old ash .
i could smell his aftershave and the rising scent of musk under it as he hung over me , his small but powerful hand under my chin the only place we touched .
the dusky scent of incense slipped over me , familiar and rich with undertones only my subconscious had been aware of before .
the clean scent of redwood rose , and the blood soaked in .
my perfume , which blocked my scent from mixing with ivy 's , was in here somewhere .
my perfume , which blocked my scent from mixing with ivy 's , was in here somewhere .
i invoked them all to make the scent of redwood blossom , then handed him the first .
the dusky scent of incense became obvious , and a soft tickle shivered through me .
the scent of cinnamon and cloves was thick in the motel room , making it smell like the solstice .
the scent of cinnamon and flour filled my senses , instead of musty books and the snap of ozone .
the scent of cocoa rose as she poured hot water into the mug .
` ` so you 're a threat , '' ivy said , the scent of cocoa rising between us as she sat on the boxes across from me .
the scent of clean laundry wafted up .
i was covered in her scent .
i did n't think i was unconscious , and i certainly did n't know what was going on , but someone had their arms around me and i could smell the sharp scent of chlorophyll .
i desperately wanted to turn my head , but jax was standing on my nose , his bare feet warm , the scent of sugar and wax coming from the drop hanging on the end of the straw .
i breathed deeply , pulling in the scent of the marigolds behind me .
my hands drifted up to my scent amulet , making sure it was touching my skin .
feet stumbling , i followed him in , breathing deeply of the rich scent of chocolate .
there were only a small section of earth magic charms , and the traditional redwood scent was largely overpowered by the aroma of ginger coming from the proprietor 's coffeemaker .
the blood soaked in with an eerie swiftness , sending the scent of burnt amber to stain the stale motel room air .
the sound of the spinning earth filled my ears , and the scintillating scent of time was in my nose .
the clean scent of oranges slipped under the door with the steam .
the scent of the citrus shampoo she used became pronounced , and the silence grew awkward .
the scent of antiseptic rose , whipped away from the wind .
soft swear words dropped from him like the gray smoke from his cigarette , mixing with the faint scent of incense .
i pulled the heavy wooden door open , slipped inside and breathed deeply , relishing the scent of tomato paste and bacon .
steam billowed up , the rising scent of tomato making the wisps of my hair drift .
arms about his waist and my head against his chest , i breathed deeply the scent of leather and silk , relaxing into him .
hovering at eye level , he brought the scent of damp earth into the kitchen .
david 's breath was shallow and the scent of musk rose .
the odor of tomato sauce and pepperoni billowed out , the scent of security and contentment .
i looked over the kitchen , warm with the scent of pizza and the companionship of my friends .
the thick scent of burnt amber hung in my nose , rising from my skin .
she smelled wonderful - the elven scent of wine and cinnamon mixing with the honest smell of dirt - and the crucifix ivy had given her glinted in the dim light .
the biting scent of rose hips came from the tea ceri had made me before she left .
she could read my mood as easily as i could smell the sharp scent of rose hips coming from my untouched tea .
the sharp orange scent tickled my nose , and i shut off the tap .
the water 's warmth was wonderful , and after the sharp scent of pine soap washed away the choking smell of burnt amber , i stepped from the shower feeling refreshed and almost awake .
slipping them on , i dabbed some perfume behind each ear to help block my scent and ivy 's from mixing , combed my damp hair back with my fingers , and headed out .
warm air sifted in as the window whined down , replacing the scent of my perfume with the aroma of cut grass .
warm air sifted in as the window whined down , replacing the scent of my perfume with the aroma of cut grass .
the smell of dead things grew , and jenks landed on my shoulder , standing right by my ear and the dab of perfume i 'd put on earlier .
i think i was earning points with glenn as i looked her over , trying not to breathe in the scent of decay the chill of the room could n't stop .
i followed the scent of warm bread into the kitchen , my steps silent from being barefoot .
tired , i slipped into my chair , the scent of cooked pasta , vinegar dressing , and grilled bread heavy in the air .
the scent of burnt amber rose to tickle my nose as i drew the lines of containment , and i squinted , seeing the faint haze of smoke on both sides of the glass where the yew was burning the mirror .
the heavenly scent of baking muffins was slipping out the kitchen window , and , breathing deeply , i climbed up the few stairs .
three guys and a toolbox had yet to show up , and the smell of splintered wood mixed with the scent of baking .
eyes closing , i breathed deeply as his lips met mine , intentionally bringing in the scent of leather and the incense that clung to vampires as if it were a second skin .
` ` show me the next one , '' he said , the thickening scent of musk in the closed air .
i could tell they were warlocks because their characteristic redwood scent was almost hidden beneath the overdone perfume that was making the were 's eyes tear .
i could tell they were warlocks because their characteristic redwood scent was almost hidden beneath the overdone perfume that was making the were 's eyes tear .
the garment bags settled over my arm with the scent of perfume .
the garment bags settled over my arm with the scent of perfume .
the heady scent of redwood flowed from him , stronger than i 'd winded in a long time .
the scent of burnt amber became obvious , and my nose wrinkled .
the cloying odor of burnt amber mixed with the dry scent of his silk robes , and i refused to shrink away .
the rich scent of vampire incense mixed with the sawdust and my latest perfume in a pleasant fragrance of contentment .
the rich scent of vampire incense mixed with the sawdust and my latest perfume in a pleasant fragrance of contentment .
relaxing , i breathed in the distinctive scent of raw wood and insulation .
her scent poured over me , soothing , enticing , bringing the memory of her teeth sliding into me to the forefront of my thoughts as evolution had intended .
he flew to my shoulder , bringing the delicate scent of the soap matalina washed his clothes in .
my nose started working , and over the scent of musk gone rank and excited vampire was the smell of redwood .
glenn looked cool and casual in his suit and with his gun on his hip , but i knew by the strong scent of cologne coming off of him that he was wired for action .
his warm hands gripped my ear , and he took dramatic breath after noisy breath , complaining about the reek of alcohol that my perfume used to carry the orange scent .
jenks took off with a yelp , but my eyes closed as i returned steve 's embrace , pulling his luscious scent of incense and vamp pheromones deep into me .
` ` afternoon , kisten , '' he said , and i turned , smiling when i recognized the scent of incense and leather .
my breath grew fast , and i intentionally pulled in his scent .
i was n't going to say anything about the incongruity of mixing vampires and a soprano saxophone but sighed , enjoying the scent of leather and silk blending with his scent of incense and the lingering odor of pasta sauce .
i was n't going to say anything about the incongruity of mixing vampires and a soprano saxophone but sighed , enjoying the scent of leather and silk blending with his scent of incense and the lingering odor of pasta sauce .
i breathed in his scent , a relaxed tension filling me .
ivy 's scent coated me , a soft memory of what they once had .
body meeting his suggestively , i pulled his scent deep into me .
lips parting , i brought the scent of him deep into me as he filled my mind and body both .
the scent of leather and wine drew on memories , pulling me to him .
reassured , i lay against him and inhaled his scent to find comfort .
the cat stalked out of the room , and the scent of wine and cinnamon filled me when ceri gave me a quick hug .
ceri came to stand beside me , the rich scent of cinnamon drifting off her to tickle my nose . ` `
the faint scent of musk tickled my nose .
i could smell the clean scent of crushed green leaves , and i realized trent was sweating .
the scent of burnt amber mixed with the delicious feeling he instilled , forever melding the two .
the scent of green leaves pushed out the stench of burnt amber , and i abruptly realized i was utterly pliant in his arms , letting him direct me about the floor without a thought in my head .
he said , his face pale and the scent of green leaves almost an assault .
the biting scent of sulfur rose as i lit a match and got the burner going .
it was neat and tidy , the incense - and - ashes scent of vampire a dim hint under the orange - perfumed soap she used .
the odor of acetone mixed with the scent of the herbs hanging over the center island counter , and the sound of jenks 's kids was a balm as they played hide - and - seek in the garden .
my nose tickled with the scent of incense , and i spun .
fear for what was coming beat the fear of kisten 's having lost it , and i pulled on his arm , the scent of old blood mixing with his usual scent of leather .
we moved to the door together , his scent rising from the armload of limp clothes in my hands .
chapter thirty - two the soothing scent of vampire and pixy sifted through the upper levels of my thoughts , skimming through the hazy dream state i was slowly pulling out of .
the window was open , but still , the faint scent of yew from the forget potion i 'd been planning on making for newt lingered .
adrenaline shivered through me as a wave of flower scents hit me .
the cathedral was beautiful , the scent of queen anne 's lace faint in the closed air .
i stiffened as the scent of burnt amber coated me , tasting bittersweet , like dark chocolate .
i remembered the feel of the earth beneath my paws and the scent of time in my nose , filling my memories , making me want more .
i could smell my conglomeration of perfumes over an unfamiliar , throat - catching incense , but the heavy weight atop me had the familiar feel of my afghan .
refusing to shrink away , i let him get close enough that the scent of burnt amber settled deep in me .
my tension , born of surprise , vanished and i relaxed , my face next to hers as i took in her scent as if it were water .
the scent of old spice puffed up , and i could n't help my smile when he awkwardly dropped back .
the complicated scent of were filled my senses , and i closed my eyes , feeling my chest grow heavy when i noticed the differences between being held by him and kisten .
the scent of the pool table rose around me , the combined scent of vampires , cigarette smoke , and beer bringing back memories of me knocking around the balls as i waited in a peaceful , empty dance club for kisten to finish locking up and our evening to begin .
quinn was still sitting in the hall when i left to walk down to the station the train was packed , and , as usual , i spent the entire journey with my nose pinned against the glass , trying to get some fresh air from the cracks between the panels to combat the almost overwhelming scents of humanity , sweat , and perfume i squeezed out at spencer street station and walked the block to the green glass building that housed the directorate .
but as i neared the steps that led up to sunshine avenue , the sharp scent of musk , mint , and man teased my nostrils not the vampire , but a wolf .
they moved and i breathed a silent sigh of relief a cool breeze stirred around me , filled with the scents of humans and exhaust fumes , mixed with the tantalizing nearness of sandalwood , man , and mud .
combine that with the thick scent of sandalwood teasing my nostrils , and was it any wonder my pulse began to gallop ?
which was why jobs at all the werewolf clubs were most sought after i took a deep breath , inhaling the scents that swirled around me , allowing the atmosphere to soak through my pores , a richness that spoke of pleasure , indulgence , and carnal fantasies was it any wonder humans were busting their balls to get into the wolf clubs ?
his scent lingered in the air , a trail i could follow anywhere , even in a venue layered with so many conflicting odors another aroma joined the throng - sandalwood .
walls of glass surrounded us on two sides and would have allowed us the view of the city and the bay had the rain not come in and turned the world gray i floated in the bubbly heat , the faint scents of lemon and lime teasing my nostrils as i flicked water up with my toes , watching the droplets glitter in the cold afternoon light ` ` you seem pensive , little wolf . ''
with it came scents - musk , mint , and decay , entwined within the metallic odor of blood .
the scent of mint and death became so strong my nose twitched .
only with those scents came a feeling of wrongness .
the air was cool , filled with the scents of eucalyptus and grass .
the scent of jasmine got stronger , and i sneezed .
the door flew open , and the cow nearest me snorted and leapt away the scents of vanilla , red gum , and mustiness flowed from the shed but were quickly overpowered by the jasmine .
the air was dusty , rich with the scent of wood and smoke and vanilla .
but overpowering that was the warm scent of spice and leather .
it was a kiss unlike any i 'd ever experienced - a long , slow possession that left me gasping for breath and hotter than i 'd ever been for a man i could n't wait to see what he could do when he had the time to explore more fully ` ` your brother 's climbing the stairs with your dinner , '' he whispered , brushing his lips across mine a final time before he sat back i took a deep breath , but it was filled with the scent of him , the richness of sandalwood combined with sheer masculinity .
his smell wrapped around me , a noxious scent that made me want to scratch at my skin .
he 'd picked my favorite scent .
as he deftly began working the oil into my skin , the rich scent of warmed cinnamon curled through the air , arousing my senses almost as much as the gentle , erotic caress of his fingers .
the breeze was cold and filled with the scent of rain .
the scent of sandalwood caressed the air , suggesting quinn was still close .
the softness of the tread and the scent in the air said it was quinn .
the air was as hot as the music and rich with the scent of lust and sex .
it felt like the fingers of ghosts i closed my eyes and tried to gather calm from the cool of the night and the brightness of the stars though i heard no sound , the teasing caress of sandalwood momentarily overwhelmed the scent of hazelnut and told me i was no longer alone .
before she could say hi , mom , she was buried in a hug and a wave of l'oreal perfume .
the perfume stayed longer than the hug , which morphed into claire 's being held at arm 's length and shaken like a rag doll .
a faint scent of musk came from her , not unpleasant .
her lilac scent pulled the unwelcome memory of helplessness i had felt while a mink caged in trent 's office .
ivy and i had been working for the last three months to find a perfume that covered her natural scent mixing with mine .
the scent of redwood rose thick and musty , overpowering the camphor smell .
bath and body - works is re - releasing an old scent with a citrus base .
i touched her shoulder in sympathy , and the smell of her lilac perfume pulled from me the chalky taste - memory of drugged carrots .
i rolled the window all the way down to get rid of the smell of my perfume .
taking my scent deep into him , he leaned close .
the scent of tomato paste and blood drifted to me .
i had thrown my cinnamon scent out that morning .
a cloying scent of incense pulled the memory of her pinning me to her chair last spring .
i sat up looking for him , knowing by the scent of coffee that he was probably nearby .
i rested my head against his shoulder , taking the scent of old books and sulfur deep into me .
i tucked my head against his cheek and shoulder , breathing in his masculine scent .
the scent of redwood blossomed as they plunked into the pot and the spell quickened .
the scent of sweaty horse and hay mixing with the hint of aged manure was like a balm .
trent shifted , putting himself so near i could smell the clean scent of his aftershave .
the cloying smell of blood was thick , overpowering my citrus scent .
under it was a rich scent of well - turned earth , mixing with her burnt ash smell .
the scent of leather and silk was a pleasing assault .
his weight was heavy against me , and the scent of leather and silk would forever mean kisten to me .
i brought it to my nose , my face going slack as i recognized the clean scent of pine .
too entranced by her scent .
he smelled so good , so masculine , like the sun , the earth and the sea , and she was sucking in great gulps of that scent as if it were the key to her survival .
moonlight had settled comfortably inside her bedroom , and the scent of unlit apple cinnamon candles filled the air .
her sweet , feminine scent drugged him .
familiar scents drifted to her nostrils : dewy foliage , orchids , and recent rain .
she glared up at him , blaming him for her trials , slowly becoming aware of the perfect fit of their bodies and the warm , seductive scent of him .
she led him down a small , narrow hallway laden with the calming scent of chamomile .
not while he hungered for her scent in his nostrils .
as he moved , the sweet scent of her lessened and the heat she emanated faded .
the scent of spicy meat and fresh fruits wafted in the air , making alex 's mouth water .
a small rocky waterfall filled the center of the waiting area , and an expensive , exotic perfume floated on the air , drifting like clouds over the sun on a perfect spring day .
he drew in the rich scent of food that seemed to encompass this entire building , this city , and steered his mind on to his own home .
her delicate scent wafted to his nose , heating his blood .
as he did so , the exotic scent of jasmine wafted around him , loosening the tightness in his throat and reminding him that he already held a treasure .
a whisper of heat , a waft of masculine scent , then darius materialized right before her eyes .
her intoxicating scent surrounded him , and her warmth seeped into his bones .
steam billowed around them , but it was the spicy scent of dragon and soap that filled her nostrils .
he hugged them close , drawing in the sweetness of their scents .
it also smelled like all old houses , that weird scent that 's a combination of furniture polish , old wood , and the musty smell of aged paper , like in a library .
thunder had started rumbling , and i could smell that faint metallic scent that always comes before a storm .
it smelled strongly of her lavender perfume , and another stronger , bitter smell .
i could feel her tears as she buried her face in my hair , so i hugged her even tighter and breathed in her familiar perfume .
a breeze from the open window carried the scent of flowers .
the musty scent of age and disuse hung in the air .
only once they were gone did i catch that familiar scent of burning wood in the air .
it was the smel i noticed first , that weird metal ic scent you sometimes get in a lightning storm .
the scent of lavender flooded my nostrils , and my heart sank .
she said , sniffing the lavender scent .
he smelled like fire crackling over wood , and i was even more taken in by his scent .
i took an extra - long shower and lathered myself with the sweetest of scents .
he could almost scent ruelle 's perfumes .
gusts brought confusing scents all the way from the sea he had n't yet beheld .
their scent lingered in his consciousness .
he inhaled deeply , suddenly bombarded by new scents , tens of thousands of them- one stood out .
the sublime scent was coming ... from her .
as ever , will 's senses were overloaded by the cacophony of scents inside loa 's store .
she could feel the heat coming off his body , could luxuriate in his masculine scent .
the honeyed scent of her arousal filled his senses .
he crossed to her and pressed a kiss to her head , inhaling the scent of her hair .
even now the delectable scent of her arousal filled his senses .
she smelled the rain , the blossoms , his heady scent .
chapter twenty - one chloe was adrift in that stage between wakefulness and sleep when a scent tickled her nose .
for now , she reveled in his scent and heat .
she moaned and the scent of her arousal deepened .
the sweetest , most alluring scent .
he inhaled deeply , the scent getting stronger and stronger .
though he smelled like whiskey , she could detect that addictive masculine scent of his .
the scents of the highlands swept him up , easing some of his tension .
her sweet succubus scent filled his senses until he was drowning in it .
he set down the jug , moving in closer to back her against the counter , until she could feel the heat emanating from his bare chest and bask in his tempting scent .
he inhaled deeply of the crisp air , smelling the land and his mate 's scent .
gusts brought confusing scents all the way from the sea .
she pushed on , the scent of smoke growing stronger and stronger .
a tart scent tickled his nose .
as he followed the two females up the stairs , medicinal scents grew stronger .
he inhaled for her scent , past the fragrance of the sera tree and the damp of the old stone- caught it .
at her ethereal scent , munro 's body shot tight , spine straightening .
he rubbed his chin over her slim shoulder , breathing deep of her scent .
the whisper of waves created a melodic rhythm , and the scent of pineapple and coconut fragranced the air .
the place reminded him of a country cottage , complete with straw beds , wood - burning stove , and fresh , home - cooked scents .
the scent of fresh , succulent meats taunted his nose , and his mouth watered .
scents of freshly baked bread and dewy fruits wafted on the breeze .
the air boasted summer scents , dewy foliage and blooming flowers .
the sweet scent of ash and sulfur so prevalent to her kind did fragrance the air , but underneath it was the scent of flowering blooms and sea salt .
the sweet scent of ash and sulfur so prevalent to her kind did fragrance the air , but underneath it was the scent of flowering blooms and sea salt .
liked the way her scent encompassed him .
she had to lean closer to him , and her female scent again filled his nostrils .
the scents and sounds had always amazed and tempted her , those from the taverns most of all .
his warm , male scent constantly enveloped her , luring her .
his spicy male scent wafted around her .
the scent of sweet pies and meat tempted her nostrils .
but her sweet scent remained strong in his nostrils and the need for a taste , a single taste , intensified .
she lay her head on his shoulder and breathed in his scent .
jewel soaked in the bathing pool , luxuriating in the sweet scent of the water .
she eased beside him , enveloping him in her sweet scent , and nibbled on the edges of the bar .
he bent his head to kiss her neck when the scent of her sweet , sweet blood wafted to his nostrils .
heat radiated off her , surrounding him with her luscious scent .
her mystical scent drenched him ; her heat pulsed at him .
they spilled from the circular glen , their laughter and noxious scent making his muscles tense .
the sounds of chattering people , pounding horse hooves , and the scents of meats and fruits drifted into her awareness .
the air was cool and fragrant with summer scents .
gray 's masculine scent reached her nose .
her intoxicating scent surrounded him as he reached up and traced a finger down her windpipe .
heart pounding , he raced to her and jerked her into his arms , closing his eyes as her scent surrounded him .
` ` i sweat perfume .
it was a scent that filled me with foreboding , though why i had no idea .
the spicy scent of his aftershave stung the night air , mingling uneasily with the reek of garlic on his breath .
he still smelled of hay and horse and excrement , but this time it was entwined in the musky , enticing scent of man .
the icy water had washed the stable smells from his skin , and his musky odor , rich with the scent of desire , swam around me .
combined with the overwhelming scent of mothballs , it was pretty evident older people lived here - a fact backed up by the clothes i discovered hanging in the closet .
the still air carried no scent - if it had one at all , it was being smothered by the sharp aroma of eucalyptus and earth .
quinn stopped behind me , wafting the rich scent of sandalwood my way .
i looked away the bright flame of quinn 's presence had disappeared , and for a moment , fear surged then the rich scent of sandal wood stung the air , and a second later , he was kneeling beside me .
the air that swirled around us was cool against my fevered skin , and the air i sucked fiercely into my lungs filled with the scent of eucalyptus and night .
or was it the warmth of another body so close , the scent of sandal - wood and man , that had my pulse racing ?
the scent of lavender touched the air , filling every breath , and it seemed so real , as real as the hands that were washing me so lovingly .
my skin still tingled from the drumming of the water , and the scent of lavender seemed to hang in the air .
his familiar , musky scent swam around me , stirring memories of all the good times we 'd had together .
ran until the storm had swept past , and the clean scent of wet earth mingled with eucalyptus on the night air .
within a few minutes , the warm scent of sandalwood mingled with the fresh aromas of the night .
his rich scent warmed the night air .
the scent of the ocean mingled now with the overripe aromas of rubbish , age , urine , and stale human .
the scent of lust and sex and musk carried easily on the air , stirring my hormones to life .
the music played by the dj in the far corner was filled with sensual and erotic melodies designed to seduce the senses , and the air was as hot as the music , rich with the scent of lust and sex .
the scent of eucalyptus vied with the aroma of rain on the breeze , but underneath it , the smell of death and earth .
the scent of warm leather and exotic spices wrapped around me , teasing my senses , stirring my hormones .
the cold night air swept in , freezing the sweat on my skin and wrapping the scent of musk and man around me .
even though dawn had barely begun to streak the sky with wisps of rose , lygon street was alive with people and sound , the air rich with the aromas of wolf and humans , as well as the multiple , mouth - watering scents of meats and freshly baked breads .
i hesitated , sniffing the air , my taste buds suddenly watering at a tantalizingly familiar scent ` ` is that coffee i smell ? ''
kade led me inside , poured me a glass of wine to drink while he readied the spa , dropped in the scents i 'd asked for , then helped me strip and climb in .
as the piece de resistance , he leisurely washed my hair as the warm water bubbled around my limbs , easing tensions i had n't realized existed even as the flowery scents touched the air , soothing and relaxing .
a second later , air ran past my nose , filled with the scent of pine , underlain with the richness of sage .
janice said , inhaling the scent and placing the flowers in the vase .
dante breathed in her spicy - sweet scent , gently dropping a kiss on the wound that had fed him a second chance at life .
all he knew was the scent of that perfume on the night wind and the realization that the female was near .
this close , the scent of her was inebriating and lush .
if he breathed deeply enough , he could catch the faint rose and heather scent of her .
the delectable , trace scent coming off her skin as she held his meaningful stare told him plainly enough that she wanted him now .
dante groaned , his nostrils picking up the sweet perfume of her arousal .
his head was filled with the scent of tess , the taste of her .
his scent still clung to her skin , even after twenty minutes under the warm spray of her shower .
the sweet scent of her arousal perfumed the humid air between them , filling his nostrils like the most potent aphrodisiac .
and within that drenching perfume was another need , a curiosity that floored him .
his senses were heightened from the rage still boiling through him -- the violence he 'd delivered -- and the feminine scent of the woman he desired more than any other was like a drug shot directly into his vein .
yet , as he lay there beside her , caressing her skin , breathing in the cinnamon - sweet scent of her , dante wanted nothing more than to scoop tess up and carry her away with him , back to the compound , where he knew she would be safe from all the evil that might touch her topside .
he felt her apprehension , could smell the sudden , bitter note of dread mingling with the delicate scent that was simply her own .
she stretched her senses toward the engulfing heat , toward the wondrous scent and taste of the liquid fire that fed her .
her panties were wet from desire , the sweet scent of her arousal slamming into his brain like a hammer .
even through the crowd and the stale odor of the club , lucan had scented the trace notes of perfume on her skin - something exotic , rare .
` ` what kind of perfume are you wearing ? ''
gabrielle heard the soft rasp of his breath - felt it caress her skin in coolness then in warmth - as he drew her scent into his lungs and released it through his lips .
gabrielle 's tantalizing scent filled his nostrils , leading him to her now as it had the night outside the club and at the police station downtown .
her scent enveloped him , sweet and sultry , making his teeth ache .
he came forward , his mouth open , his senses swamped with her intoxicating female scent .
so why could n't he shake himself loose of her sweet scent , her soft skin ... her sultry sensuality ?
like her jasmine scent , the memory of gabrielle 's soft skin and warm , willing body coiled itself around him .
she did n't detect cologne , only the trace scents of mint and leather , and something darker , like an exotic spice she could not name .
the jasmine - sweet scent of her blood slammed into his nostrils just an instant before an erratic trail of small crimson splatters caught his eye .
the small bathroom was filled with steam and gabrielle 's own faintly jasmine scent .
she kissed him and , as her tongue swept his lips , lucan 's senses were swamped with the heady perfume of desire and sweet , feminine affection .
gabrielle 's scent surrounded him , wafting on the steam of the bath and mingling with the intoxicating perfume of their joined bodies .
gabrielle 's scent surrounded him , wafting on the steam of the bath and mingling with the intoxicating perfume of their joined bodies .
not hers , he determined quickly , and with relief , as he noted the absence of gabrielle 's unique jasmine scent .
i came to you because i smelled your jasmine scent outside the nightclub and i wanted you .
he sucked the sweet scent into his lungs , tasting it in the back of his parched throat .
he closed his eyes , losing himself to her touch and the warm perfume of her own arousal as she edged into his arms .
he smelled adrenaline jetting through her , mixing with the scent of her desire .
lucan 's nostrils filled with the erotic scent of her , and the faintly copper tanginess of the blood that was coloring her breasts and flushing the pale skin of her neck and face .
his senses were swamped , drowning in the sweet jasmine scent of her blood , its source so dangerously close to his mouth .
never more intense than when gabrielle was near , now that his lungs were filled with the perfume of her blood , he was ravenous .
she moaned with each hard tug of his mouth , her body melting , her scent going dark and humid with desire .
lucan smelled pine and summer pollen ... and another perfume that made his blood run cold in his veins .
eve smelled of powder and some kind of darkly floral perfume , with a light undertone of sweat .
by concentrating hard , i could dim the noise within my head and focus on the street sounds and scents .
the smell of battle clung to him , but beneath it was the familiar and beloved scent of lukas , and she sank against him , curling her arm around his neck .
she buried her fingers in his hair , pulled his mouth back to hers , and kissed him deeply , drowning in his taste , in his scent , in the sheer joy of his love .
he pulled her into his arms and kissed her soundly , thoroughly , stroking her hair , her back , her head , as she drank of his cool winter taste and immersed herself in his strength , his scent , the feel of his arms around her .
for a moment , her burnt magnolia scent , laced with pure concern , swirled around him like a warm , spring breeze .
his nose twitched with the soft scent of baby powder and flowers .
her rose sweater reminded him of just that , a flower , with her soft scent and delicate features .
valiance took in a deep breath of his scent though he did n't need a reminder of mondrian 's smell .
she took in a deep , safe breath of her grandmother 's baby - powder scent and tried to focus on that one thing instead of the fifty - seven other things running through her head .
esme 's skin flushed with his words and with his scent as it beat around them both .
the wind carried esme 's floral scent to him , and for a moment , he thought maybe the wind had heard him .
a blush spread across esme 's cheeks , and her floral scent filled the air around him and seemed to seep into him .
the scent of her filled his nostrils , her warmth turning his head light as air .
she smiled as she led the way up to the second floor and toward the back corner , where the scent of linseed oil , fine leather , and boar bristles was welcoming .
he was lost in her dark eyes and the gentle floral scent that rose from her body .
but in her mind , she felt stellan 's warm touch and caught the faint scent of the sea .
the scent of lit candles and musty air that i d grown to love wafted through the halls .
the scent of marinated steak was intoxicating to the mortals and euphoric to the vampires .
when he breathed in her scent , he was in heaven .
the sweet scent of her hair filled his nostrils .
no smoky scent of meat grilling at the local street vendor or stench of trash overflowing from a dumpster .
the scent of wood , fern , and spongy earth filled her nostrils and calmed the beast inside her .
he caught a slight whiff of perfume .
there had been no lingering scent of jasmine in the basement when he 'd awakened from his death - sleep .
he breathed deeply , letting her scent of rushing blood and jasmine fill his head .
her scent of jasmine filled his senses as he deepened the kiss .
the breeze was gentle , and the scent of flowers filled the air .
her jasmine scent still lingered on her pillow , and he pulled it to his chest as he struggled against the pull of death - sleep .
he breathed deeply , and leah 's scent of jasmine filled his senses .
the scent of flowers and tropical plants in the air .
her thighs were split on either side of his hips , her lush sex ready for what he wanted to give her , her scent burrowing into his nose until all he knew was her .
the perfume of spring .
the very scent of hope and rebirth .
her skin was gray instead of a healthy pink and her natural scent was nearly nonexistent .
from behind the shelter of her hand , she inhaled and all she smelled was good , clean , healthy male ... and the scent stirred hunger deep in her gut , her appetite and needs waking from their slumber with a roar .
breathing deep , she inhaled john 's scent and concentrated on the strong , steady beat of his heart under her ear .
on the far side , payne strolled around the sanctuary , her bare feet tickled by the springy green grass , her nose filled with the scents of honeysuckle and hyacinth .
her brilliant smile was brighter than the yellow of her robing and her scent was louder than it had ever been , the fragrance of cinnamon ringing in the air as sure as her lovely voice had .
easing him back onto the mattress , she breathed in his scent and smelled the bonding he felt for her .
as her scent roared across the way and he began to pant , those nimble fingers of hers went to the tie on the scrubs and loosened it , the thin green cotton falling in a rush to her ankles .
his bonding scent was a roar in her nose , and his lips were blisteringly delicious on her core , and his erection was a teasing hot length on her legs -- as he extended his tongue and went in deep , she flew apart again .
jay - z 's empire state of mind was thumping in the background and the scent of fine turkish tobacco drifted out .
dimly , he once again caught the bonding scent rising from his own skin , but he shut that reality out .
no scents from the kitchen wing wafted on the cool , calm breeze .
the instant she made contact , his body responded , his bonding scent flooding the bathroom , his erection punching out of his hips .
the scent of freshly roasting lamb was floating up from the blowers on the roof over the kitchen and lights were glowing all over the house , the warm golden illumination pouring out onto the lawn and the patio on the lower level .
after a moment , the guy stepped over toward the balustrade and the scent of his soap burrowed into qhuinn 's nose .
the scent of both her perfume and her blood was too much for him to handle even in the hypothetical .
the scent of both her perfume and her blood was too much for him to handle even in the hypothetical .
we 're going home now - wafting over on the breeze , like an alarm breaking through a silent house , the scent of baby powder tickled into each of their noses .
all around , the bonding scent of a full - blooded male , dark and sensuous , lingered in the air .
when he exhaled , the scent of turkish tobacco wafted leisurely down the hall .
taking his hand , she put it on her hip as she rolled into him , and as their bodies made contact , his grip tightened , his bonding scent flaring .
on the breeze drifting down to her , john 's unmistakable bonding scent was a dark spice that wiped out the stink of the city and the wretched sting of her unhappiness .
her perfume was sweat and - xcor frowned , as he caught an unwelcomed scent .
elongating his tongue , he stroked up the column he had nailed twice , feeling velvet and tasting her and smelling her - the scent that entered his nostrils was not a commercial perfume .
elongating his tongue , he stroked up the column he had nailed twice , feeling velvet and tasting her and smelling her - the scent that entered his nostrils was not a commercial perfume .
` ` god , your perfume is ...
because between that graveled voice , and his heady scent , and the erotic way he was holding on to himself , even her good leg had no strength to support what little weight she had .
as she breathed in , the scent of him - that male scent - produced an unprecedented reaction .
as she breathed in , the scent of him - that male scent - produced an unprecedented reaction .
shit , she smelled fantastic , her scent lighter and more citrusy than wellsie 's ... yet still like rocket fuel in his veins .
man ... she had no idea how enticing she looked in that big , rumpled bed , her robe draping off the side of the mattress , her neat - as - a - pin hairdo feathered with blond wisps , her scent as strong and seductive as ever .
the scent of freshly cooked lamb with rosemary filled the foyer , and a quick glance into the dining room showed that the doggen had set everything up properly , the silver gleaming , the crystal sparkling , people already beginning to gather for last meal .
as he explained what had gone down in the field , saxton stopped right up close , his gucci cologne a calming scent .
the sounds she was making , the incredible moans , her gorgeous scent rising up , her braid slapping - abruptly , he slowed down and snagged the tie that secured the plait of her hair , ripping it off and freeing the lengths .
oh , sweet virgin scribe in the great heavens above , she was beautiful , her hair all coiled up high upon her head , her form so willowy and elegant , her scent ... ambrosia .
and as he breathed in , his sinuses hummed from both the cold and her delicate scent .
voices , all of them male , flooded his ears as the cinnamon scent of mulled cider eased into his nose .
the cool draft that hit her face and the scent of dark spices that tunneled into her nose told her it was a male .
back in the office proper , she took a deep breath ... and the faded scent of his aftershave lingering in the air made her swallow hard .
as the male 's bonding scent wafted over , butch thought , well , duh .
surging to his feet , he leaned down to her , his scent a glorious tingle in her nose .
going by the delicate , pleasing scent , it was jane , hidden beneath blue robing and a mask .
one of his brows flicked and she could have sworn his body threw off more of that delicious scent of his .
he fascinated her , from the way he moved to how he filled out his white coat and blue dressings , to the scent of him and his voice .
there was a strange scent lingering in the air ... something like dark spices ?
but the scent of lysol lingered in the air .
going by the gloss , his hair looked wet , and the lingering scent of the soap he always used was the confirmation that he 'd just showered .
his body was a massive , pistoning machine on top of her , his bonding scent roaring in the room as he orgasmed hard , the week of abstinence getting dusted in one glorious session .
jesus , she smelled the same , that perfume of hers burrowing into his nose and going straight to his cock .
her perfume or soap or whatever it was reminded him of sandalwood and something else .
he came on her breasts , hot jets draping her chest with more of that incredible scent as the other one popped out and ejaculated again on her back .
` ` i ' m glad - ` ` a scent upon the air drew both of their heads toward the door to the terminating room .
he could catch the delicate scent drifting in , and he knew why layla had come .
the scent of melted butter and the buckshot sound of kernels going apeshit announced rhage 's arrival - or maybe fritz 's ?
stepping inside with her , he found himself in a windowless vestibule that made him think of a jail ... a very classy , expensive jail with handcarved wood panels and the scent of lemon in the air .
he pulled the heather - and - roses scent of the breedmate into his lungs , and let it guide him deeper into the city .
he drew his hand away from her , his senses swamped with the intoxicating perfume of sex and blood and warm , languid woman .
the sweet scent of her drifted up to him as a chill night breeze swept in from outside .
his mouth filled with a sudden rush of her blood , the heather- and - roses scent of it saturating his senses .
the scent of heather and roses swamped the room .
in the overcast haze , the narrow crevice opening seemed even darker today , the sandstone giving off an earthy , ancient scent .
rio breathed in more of the female 's scent , finding it hard to resist touching her pale , rain - dampened skin .
rio strode hard for the station exit , inhaling the countless scents that filled the air around him and processing them with a ruthless , determined concentration .
there was no cause at all for him to bend his head down to where she lay , passive only because he made her so , and to breathe the appealing scent of her into his lungs .
he choked on the cloying odors of perfume , liquor , and sex .
she felt the hot , wet liquid against her lips , smelled the spicy dark scent of his blood as she drew a breath and covered his bite with her mouth .
the strawberry scent teased her , and she shifted them around , watching the light glint on the sharp edges .
i listened to her fumble around with the dead bolt , but a second later she flung the door wide open , sending a wave of her heady scent towards me .
a cool breeze blew her aroma in my direction and i was instantly grateful that the majority of the day would be spent in the great outdoors , where her scent was not nearly as potent .
the heat coming from the vents in the truck sent her rich scent flooding into my lungs .
if i had n't been continuously worried about my family she would have been dead when i first inhaled her heady scent .
her delectable scent made the monster inside me initiate it 's slow clawing up my throat .
mixed with the outside air and breeze , her scent was more appealing than it should be .
she took a deep breath , and then leaned in , inhaling my scent .
i placed my hand back in hers and the warmth made me inhale her heady scent while passion and desire started rearing their heads up in approval .
her scent continued to leave a dry dull ache in my throat .
her scent went rushing down my throat and filled my lungs with a burning hunger , emphasizing my explanation , ` ` so jasper was n't sure if he 'd ever come across someone who was as , '' i hesitated , making sure i 'd pick a word that would n't scare her , ` ` appealing as you are to me .
i was remembering that first day , ` ` and then , as i tried to rearrange my schedule in a pointless attempt to avoid you , you were there c in that close , warm little room , the scent was maddening .
but you were too interesting , i found myself caught up in your expressions ... and every now and then you would stir the air with your hand or your hair and the scent would stun me again ... of course , then you were nearly crushed to death in front of my eyes .
and every day the perfume of your skin , your breath , your hair ... it hit me as hard as the very first day . ''
my lungs took in the air around us , and the scent was the most delicious fragrant .
the scent , the sound , it was so appealing .
i filled my lungs with her luscious scent , and it only sent electricity through my body now , being released slowly into her sweet cheeks from my palms .
i brought my face to her hair and took in a large breath or her heady scent .
she did , leaning in next to me , smelling of perfume that i did n't recognize .
for me , it was a wonderfully exhilarating scent .
i loved his scent , and i loved his concern for me .
her heels clicked against the tarmac as she followed , single - minded on her objective despite the tantalizing scents in the air .
the scent of blood got stronger , a sweet , almost tantalizing scent .
the plump pink lips of her p**sy glistened as she spread them a little , teasing him , and the scent of her arousal filled the air like fine perfume .
the plump pink lips of her p**sy glistened as she spread them a little , teasing him , and the scent of her arousal filled the air like fine perfume .
female , heavy on the perfume and hairspray .
but the instant zarek uttered the word leech -- an insult to any vamp -- centuries of interspecies hostility had joined the party , filtering into the room like a heavy , cloying perfume .
he could hear the slight sounds of her moving around in there , smel her distinctive , intoxicating scent .
when stefan walked by elena 's room again , the daisy was gone , and the subtle scent of her citrusy shampoo lingered in the hal way .
more flowers had been scattered on the floor , and the scent of the crushed blossoms underfoot was so strong that it was dizzying .
matt sniffed his and smel ed ginger and chamomile as wellas less familiar scents : so this was where the herbs had been used .
the lemony scent of her shampoo mixed with the more essential elena smel of her .
the wind picked up and i could smell my own perfume on the breeze , soft and feminine .
his scent wafted toward me on the breeze and i inhaled , breathing in the male scent .
his scent wafted toward me on the breeze and i inhaled , breathing in the male scent .
burying my head against his chest , i inhaled his scent and closed my eyes .
the scents of roses and hyacinths filled the air around us as we walked slowly down the manicured paths .
it smelled like roasted nuts and vanilla , a musky oriental scent .
lush , tropical breezes caressed our faces and fruity , delicious scents filled the air .
she shook her arm toward me once more , throwing the scent of her skin into the air .
i began seeing things in blurs of color , tasting the scents in the air and feeling the textures beneath my hands as everything else faded away .
i locked my arms around her , gasping to inhale as much of the scent of her skin as possible .
my lungs filled deep with the sweet scent that came off his skin .
i let my cheek press against his hair , felt the texture of it on my skin , smelled the delicious scent of him .
the cloying , competing scents of mrs . cartwright 's and rosalyn 's perfumes made my head spin .
the cloying , competing scents of mrs . cartwright 's and rosalyn 's perfumes made my head spin .
a light wind blew around us , and i inhaled her lemony ginger scent , feeling as though i could die of happiness , right there , next to katherine .
` ` i suppose , '' i said , glad that damon did n't ` ` i suppose , '' i said , glad that damon did n't know that i was dreaming of katherine at night , and by day pausing at the door to the carriage house to see if i could hear her laughing with her maid ; once i even stopped by the stable to smell the broad back of her horse , clover , just to see if her lemon and ginger scent had lingered .
but instead i remained on the leather club seat , wishing i could stay in the library , breathing in katherine 's scent , forever .
our lips were mere inches apart , and suddenly the scent of her became nearly unbearable .
i breathed a sigh of relief when we reached the stable , inhaling the familiar , loved scent of well- oiled leather and sawdust .
i inhaled her scent of ginger and lemon , unsure what to say , knowing only that i wanted to feel her hands on my shoulders forever .
the air was hot and cloying , with the scent of hundreds of competing perfumes .
the air was hot and cloying , with the scent of hundreds of competing perfumes .
i inhaled deeply , suddenly knowing that the only remedy against the vervain - induced weakness was in that scent .
i smiled , knowing how badly he wanted it , how he could smell the overpowering scent of desire .
i took a deep breath , and the coppery scent of blood filled my nostrils .
the metallic scent of her blood hung heavy in the air around us .
a chapel lay within , a chapel full of dense fluttering devotional light and the overpowering scent of lilies .
i did , and inside i found a bed of crushed lilies and rose petals , of silken pillows , and bits of dried flower kept for scent .
the moon was as bright as ever , and the scent of roses hung heavy in the air .
i did n't know where i was and just lay here smelling the clean cotton - and - fabric - softener scent of the sheets , trying to figure out why everything looked so familiar .
elena found herself holding on just as tightly , feeling the weight of her sister , inhaling the sweet scent of baby shampoo and play - doh .
she inhaled his green , woodsy scent and felt her breathing slow and the knot in her stomach loosen .
stefan found himself pushed to the edge , elena 's arm through his , and he discreetly inhaled the clean , sweet scent of her hair .
bonnie turned on her side , inhaling the sweet scent of mrs .
there was a slight scent of mildew : she could n't remember ever having smel ed anything in a dream before these visions of damon .
leather and soap and the strange but pleasant woodsy scent that was damon 's own .
her sweet , rich scent in his nostrils , the throbbing beat of her heart in his ears , the silk of her hair and the satin of her skin against his fingers .
the scent of roses hung heavily in the warm air ; at first elena had found it pleasant , but now it was nauseating , like a too - sweet perfume .
the scent of roses hung heavily in the warm air ; at first elena had found it pleasant , but now it was nauseating , like a too - sweet perfume .
as he inhaled deeply , he isolated a new , exquisite scent from a thousand threads of them - the coppery smell of lightning , cut blades of grass , the swampy bayous all around them .
she was aroused ; the scent of his mate 's desire was mouthwatering , making him want to go to his knees in thanks - and to taste her .
gods , her scent was like a drug to him , her arousal so sweet .
chapter 18 iquitos , amazonia fifteen hours later ... lucia sprinted from the heli pad through the remote river - port town , her senses bombarded by scents and sounds : the smell of hot peppers and green bananas in the market stands ; the incessant horns from motorcycle rickshaws ; street vendors hawking their wares , unaffected by the on - and - off drizzle of rain .
satisfaction soared within him , and he eased his face down to her mane of glossy hair , taking her scent into him once more .
he pulled her into his arms , inhaling her sweet scent .
the last time he was here , the same had happened to him ; it took him weeks to familiarize himself with all the new scents .
everything about this place was sensual - the colors , the warmth , the evocative scents .
her scent was irresistible to him , like air .
choose me this night ... . '' his scent , his need .
imagining the exquisite scent of her hair or how she trembled against him ?
with sirens and food scents and throbbing music , it roused like a beast from slumber .
sheba lingered in the dirty alley until the alluring scent of brimstone had faded away entirely , and then break time was over .
now it was only too obvious to sheba - this close , she could smell the scent of asphodel clinging to his skin .
not only could i hear his light steps on the vinyl mats as he circled around me , but i could track the breeze of his spicy , leathery scent .
the scent of spice and leather spun around me , then rhoan was beside me , touching my face , my neck , his expression stricken .
the heat of him washed over me , and the wet , raw scent of masculinity and desire had my heart racing so hard i swear it was going to tear out of my chest .
the air in the tram was rich with the overwhelming scent of humanity .
the air was rich with the scents of horse , hay , and shit , and as i moved down the aisle , heads swung my way , dark eyes gleaming intently in the muted light .
the heat of him burned across my skin , and the air was deliciously filled with his musky odor and the rich scent of desire .
kade squatted behind me , filling my senses with his warm , musky scent .
moss 's scent hung in the air , though it was n't actually a smell as much as a teasing touch of heat , desire , and foulness .
` ` because i can taste the use of psychic power , as much as you might taste the scents carried by the wind .
the night breeze stirred around me , filled with the scent of animals and captivity .
i breathed deep , letting the combination of musky desire and his more earthy scent fill my senses , my lungs , until the foul memory of merle 's body and scent had shattered and gone .
their agony rode the night , surrounding me with the scent and despair of death , until every breath , every pore , was filled with it and it felt like i was drowning under the weight of it .
` ` it had a musky , feminine scent , but there was little in the way of perfume , '' he continued .
` ` it had a musky , feminine scent , but there was little in the way of perfume , '' he continued .
a handkerchief that held a feminine scent the match of nerida 's - at least until the guard holding it was caught in the explosion . ''
moss 's and merle 's inherent corruption stung the air , and though their scents paled compared to the man in front of us , the smell of them was still so thick and foul it quickly seemed to clog my throat .
the scent of eucalyptus filled the air , and kookaburras were beginning their evening laugh - fest .
i did as he bid , lightly drawing in his scent while trying to ` ` feel '' him with my other senses .
his steady breathing stirred the air , as did the scent of him , a weird mix of grease and earthy , heady pine .
it was only when i leaned against the wall to steady myself while i sucked in great gulps of air that i caught the odd scent of earth and air .
air rushed out , brushing my skin with its musty , ancient scent .
needle sharp nails tore into flesh and blood welled , the sweet scent overriding the foulness of the creatures .
only this time , the air was warm , and heavily layered with scents that were either human , organic , or chemical in origin .
and accompanying the scents , voices - men and women chatting softly .
underneath rhoan 's scent came the twin scents of pine and ocean .
the fragrant scent of lavender filled the air .
i was moving , and overhead , birds were chirping , and the scent of flowers was so heavy in the air , it made me feel a little light - headed .
dex leaned over my desk to get a better look , and i caught a whiff of some nice , woodsy scent .
the yeasty smell of beer and metallic scent of blood .
the air was thick with humidity and the scent of climbing roses .
his scent filled her nostrils , and she hugged the pillow against her chest .
in the tight confines of the room , alex caught the scent of arctic air and crisp pine , as well as something wilder that seemed to cling to him and made her senses come to full attention .
the feel of her body pressing against his sent a jolt of fire swimming through him , searing every nerve ending with the stamp of her lean curves and the warm , wind - and - woods scent of her .
the scent of her pulled him like a magnet toward the downy patch of curls between her legs .
the scent of his skin , its silky , smooth heat against her lips , against her tongue , made her dizzy with desire .
alex 's blood swept over his tongue like silk , the unique honey - and - almond scent of her mingling with the musky heat of her arousal .
even before he reached for the latch of the door , he could smell the paraffin odor of the eight candles that would be burning at the altar , and the fragrant scent of the perfumed oil that anointed seth 's body in preparation for the infinity rites about to take place .
she drank in the scent of his skin and the earthy spice of his blood as she drew from his open vein .
i can smell the faint scent of his cologne and feel the heat emitting from his body .
he smells like cologne mixed with soap and i breathe in his intoxicating scent .
i ' m sitting on one of the barstools that border the island , breathing in the fresh scent of cinnamon , bacon and the aroma of a brand new experience .
the mirage 's mouth moves next to my neck and a floral scent whelms my nostrils .
his breath stings at my nose and i almost gag at the floral scent .
his shoulder presses against mine and the scent of lilacs , forest and rain invade my nostrils .
i breathe in his scent of cologne , wanting to stay in his arms forever .
i can hear music playing from somewhere , smell the potent scent of salt and sweat , and feel the ground pulsating below my boots from the rumble of the bass .
then he inhales , breathing in my scent before letting my hand go .
if he can smell the scent of my blood in my veins .
he kisses the top of my head and i hear him breathe in the scent of my hair .
i catch it and tug it over my head , the smell of his cologne mixed with the calming scent of him overwhelming me .
slightly dizzy from the scent and the unexpected contact already , my heart skipped a beat at the touch of his hand .
the scent of roses filled my nostrils and i reflexively looked up to see a dark figure , eyes piercing my heart .
the dragons screeched at regular intervals overhead , the sun burnt brightly , and the scent of the smoke was magical .
he said a lingering scent was on the air .
the smell of open fields was all about her , that breezy scent only the earl produced .
he caught a faint whiff of some familiar scent riding an air current down from the castle above .
for that little whiff bore the scent of sweet turpentine , and it was getting stronger .
they have been eager to meet you ever since i came home covered in your scent .
it was heaven just to relax in the jacuzzi tub , drinking a coke and breathing in the delicious scent of bath salts .
the heady floral scent of rose and heartsease , plus the spice of yemonja root .
yemonja root and other delicious scents wafted toward her .
but now , when he was standing so close she could feel the heat of his body radiating toward her , the spicy scent of his skin tempting her to put her head against him and breathe him in , kissing brock was a secret urge that pulsed through her with every fluttering beat of her heart .
pressing her forehead against the warm solidity of his chest , the soft cotton of his gray t - shirt laced with the exotic scent of him , jenna drew in a fortifying breath .
the scents of sex and soap and clean sweat on hot skin intoxicated her .
his sex remained rigid inside her , still rampant and thrusting , operating on a will of its own as the earthy , sweet fragrance of jenna 's body mingled with the scent of his own blood .
the sweet scent of her arousal slammed into him , making his already emerged fangs punch out of his gums in primal , urgent response .
dj opened the restaurant door and victor paused as a rush of heat and sound rolled over them , coming through the opening on a wave of delectable scents .
elvi stared at them , but her senses were completely attuned to mabel and she found herself inhaling slowly and savoring the scent .
victor sat completely still , hardly noticing the sharp stinging she caused as he inhaled her scent .
she inhaled the scent and sighed with regret that she could n't have it .
she was terribly aware of his nearness and the delicious male scent of him .
the delicious scents teasing her nose did n't prepare her for the sight that met her as she entered the kitchen .
she inhaled a shaky breath and closed her eyes , then opened them and inhaled again , eyes widening slightly at victor 's tantalizing scent .
because she was distracting him with her intoxicating scent every time he was near her , and that damned wide , open , guileless smile and those big beautiful eyes , his mind answered .
it would have been nice to wake with her lying beside him , to be able to roll over and slip his arms around her , pull her close and press his nose to her neck and inhale the scent of her .
as i breathed in the roses ' sweet scent on the way to spencer 's , i realized that no one had ever given me flowers before .
the lingering scent of the overpriced cologne he wore floated around me .
maybe no amount of showering could get rid of that scent .
instead , i was caught up in the way the engine hummed around us and in the scent of the leather .
i 'd chosen an italian restaurant , filled with the scents of garlic and cheese .
the air soon grew heavy with the scent of bergamot , vanilla , and heliotrope .
i was watching the attendant fasten an oxygen mask when a familiar and intoxicating scent washed over me .
trees and other plants heavy with brightly colored flowers lined the sides , filling the humid air with a perfume that was almost dizzying .
a couple of personal items sat nearby , a toothbrush and deodorant with a scent inexplicably called as ` ` ocean fiesta . ''
the bed was unmade , and the scent of shampoo from the bathroom indicated a shower not too long ago .
a little air freshener shaped like a tree hung from the rearview mirror , but rather than the usual pine scent , a small label declared it to be ` ` new car scent . ''
a little air freshener shaped like a tree hung from the rearview mirror , but rather than the usual pine scent , a small label declared it to be ` ` new car scent . ''
organ music filled the room , and the scent of frankincense drifted around us .
her house was the same as ever , cluttered and redolent with the scent of incense .
an amazing scent drifted out .
i was awash in the feel of adrian 's body against mine , in his scent , and in the taste of his lips .
jeanne louise returned the woman 's smile , and inhaled to offer a greeting , but froze at the scent that wafted up her nose .
jeanne louise inhaled the heady scent again , her eyes now tracking the woman as she walked along the row of stalls .
her body tingled as his scent filled her nose .
he was as beautiful as his voice , as beautiful as his scent , as beauti  ful as an angel ... and he looked no older than thirty .
a dark , lovely scent ...
he did not know if she 'd survived their island game or if the gods had set her free , but sometimes he would swear that he smelled her sweet scent , felt the gentle glide of her hands .
but the sweet scent of her was in his nose , her nipples hard against his chest , her thighs pliant against his , and soon he had to have more .
his eyes were red behind his glasses , and the scent of burnt amber coursed through me .
sucking in the scent of amber as i coughed , i held up a hand to fend them off , angling my legs under me to stand .
i took a deep breath , my shoulders relaxing when i found minias did indeed lack the characteristic burnt - amber scent that clung to all demons .
i took a deep breath , smelling only coffee , cheesecake , and the characteristic redwood scent of a witch .
minias leaned close , the scent of burnt amber high in my imagination as his breath shifted my hair .
the cloying scent of burnt amber rolled over me , and my mother blushed .
the smell of rubber cement mixed with the spicy scent of chili slow - cooking in the crock - pot ivy had bought at a yard sale , and jenks taped the string to a beam before dropping down for another .
i eased myself up to sit on the edge of the table , smelling the scents of vampire incense and old cigarette smoke rise from the green felt like a balm .
the scent of his short wool coat was strong , and i breathed it in , thinking i could smell gas fumes mixing with the strong redwood smell that meant witch .
the scent of queen anne 's lace came to me when i wrestled the box open .
i sat at my spot at the table , the bright sun and the scent of coffee making my head hurt .
the were leaned forward , the pleasant scent of musk giving away his eagerness .
the store smelled wonderfully of expensive fabrics and exotic perfumes , plus the snap of ozone that said ley line charms were made and invoked here .
a puff of scent rose as i took it , and i breathed deeply .
the scent of redwood struck me as i followed the sound of her fading steps down the low - ceilinged hall , past the front room , the kitchen , and all the way to the back of the house and the sunken living room , added on at some point .
he shook me , and the scent of amber rolled over me .
his presence was thick in the room , his scent filling me inside and out .
he was a young , sweet - talking , very experienced master vampire , and i watched his nostrils expand as he breathed in ivy 's and my mingled scents .
marshal edged closer when jenks got the bag open and the scent of sweet - and - sour came wafting out .
marshal continued to serve food , and the spicy scent did nothing to ease my tension .
smirking , jenks fanned his wings , sending the scent of rice to me .
` ` could have fooled me , '' he said as he tugged his coat on and the scent of oil , gas , and redwood came to me .
inches away , ivy pulled in my scent as she closed her eyes , bringing herself to a higher pitch , driving herself crazy with denial even as i stood in front of her .
her scent poured over me , and her touch reached deeper than my broken memory until it struck the core of my being .
a strong herb scent was heavy in the air , though i did n't see any .
` ` rachel , honey , '' my mother whispered , close and gentle , with the scent of lilac soothing me as much as her voice .
hunching to pillow my chin on my arms , which were folded on the sill , i tilted the blinds to see the shiny black night , breathing in the damp air tainted with the scent of roof shingles and wet pavement .
` ` rachel , stop , '' she said , rising and coming to me with the scent of damp silk .
the scent of cinnamon and silk mixed with the bayberry candle and the scent of iron from the bell above us .
laying heavily upon the empty walls , it brought to mind the late sun close to the horizon that shows from under storm clouds still hanging over you , making everything look like it had a razor - thin shadow , the air full of hidden pressure and the scent of ozone .
` ` i only come down here when i have to store something , '' she said as she flicked on the lights and the scent of carpet cleaner came drifting up .
i moved my shoulder bag to the back when he got in , surprised and a little uncomfortable when he settled wearily into the leather seats to fill my car with the scent of a woodsy cologne and his shampoo .
the dark carried the scent of damp concrete and the tang of exhaust .
the scent of silk and other people 's perfume grew stronger as trent became more upset .
the scent of silk and other people 's perfume grew stronger as trent became more upset .
the clean scent filled my lungs to instantly wash out the warmth and darkness of the room behind me .
the acidic scent of tomato soup was comforting , helping to mask the fading smell of hot metal and burnt amber .
i quickly undid a flap and looked inside , and the scent of burnt amber was almost a slap .
david 's coat enfolded me in the rich , complicated scent of were , a distant show of support .
i thought i smelled the acidic scent of blood and the rich aroma of cinnamon .
the air stank , and the scent of burnt amber caught deep in my throat .
minias looked down at me , and the scent of amber flowed from him as his gaze took on an inquisitive hue .
there was a soft murmur of incantation , and the scent of ash and candle mixed with the reek of burnt amber flowing from me .
a whiff of lilac came to me , and the clean scent of crushed velvet .
a hint of burnt amber tickled my nose , and i wondered if it was real or simply my memory inventing the scent .
al pulled me further into his burnt - amber scent as we came to a respectful halt on the round rug laid on the rough planks before the desk .
but al shook his head as dali tensed behind his desk , the demon smiling as he breathed in the scent from my hair .
the acidic scent of cut grass hit me , and wavering on my feet , i opened my eyes to the somber gray and green of my graveyard .
the way i could smel his scent on every side of me .
the scent of his breath was nice .
we got to the boat about three seconds later , and already the air was ful of shrieks and the warm scent of blood .
he was total y absorbed by the sweet scent .
the wind teased the girl 's scent across my face again , and my thoughts scattered .
he also gave me a handkerchief with his preserved scent .
he 'd undressed her for her comfort , trying not to take advantage of her unconscious state to ogle , but now her scent taunted back to life the vision of smooth , pale flesh and curves he 'd briefly glimpsed , the bare folds of flesh between her legs , for vampires only had hair above the neck .
turning his head , he bit the inside of her leg gently , trying to hold her through persuasion , but she kept going , the skirt of the garment whispering over his face , a trail of pitch black filled with her scent .
with jacob , it was a potion of intricate response and intent affecting her with its provocative scent .
the nested intimacy of the room , the rumpled covers , the lingering scent of what had been done here earlier , distracted her .
at first , he thought she could n't maintain the magic this close to losing control herself , but then the invisible fingers thrust between his lips with the exotic scent of her cunt on them .
she smelled the scent of the lotion she used to remove traces of makeup and realized she 'd forgotten to remove it as she customarily did before she slept .
it brought her the scent of lavender and rose petals , telling her he 'd sprinkled oils for both in the water .
it brought her the scent of earth , for he 'd apparently worn them out in the garden earlier and some of the aroma of the dirt had clung to the heels .
smelling the slight hint of her perfume , knowing her silky skin might be within touching distance , her jeweled green eyes studying everything he did .
i decided to amuse myself in the area until your return and was fortunate enough to be close enough to this place '' -- his lip curled distastefully -- '' to detect the most delicious perfume on the air .
as he held her in the tight , quiet embrace , she drew in a deep breath , her nostrils flaring against his skin as she inhaled his scent .
his aftershave , the striped soap he used with the clean scent it said it had in the commercials .
there was an exotic , different scent to her as well , almost a hint of vanilla cream .
but he saw its true color , and as he crushed it between his fingers , bringing it slowly up to touch his lips , he could smell the scent of her hair .
i checked the aisles for any hippie chicks with the scent of potpourri or women wearing nairobi sandals and tie - dyed skirts .
once inside , a waft of floral scents hit me as if i`d just stepped into a flower conservatory .
he smelled heavenly with the sweet scents of drakkar and irish spring .
there wasn`t any noticeable scent , so i took a small sip .
the room was filled with the combined scents of thrift store clothes and textbooks .
and then the breeze changed direction , and brought with it the teasing , cloying scent of rust .
the trash , the perfumes , and even just the simple smell of clean , soapy skin clung to the streets like ropy vines of kudzu back home .
in the close confines of the branches , there was nothing to distract me from the sweet scent of the girl 's blood .
if my eyes were dazzled by the sight of the dancers , the scents of the room almost overpowered the rest of my senses : expensive perfumes , huge vases of exotic flowers , sweat , and punch , and somewhere someone was bleeding from a pin left in her dress by a careless maid .
the only protection i knew against vampires was vervain , but i 'd not inhaled its cloying scent since arriving in new york .
my skin prickled whenever a hint of the night air breezed through , and my nostrils flared at the thousand and one scents it carried .
garlands of expensive and exotic flowers hung along the pews , and the scent of orange and lemon was heavy in the air .
and then came the distinctive scent of lemon and ginger .
that was katherine 's perfume .
i smelled traces of the violet perfume she had doused herself with .
so much more childish than katherine 's scent , the subtle , alluring , complicated mix of citrus and spice ... .
the word whispered to me over and over , like a song caught in one 's head , filling every crevice of my brain and coating each memory with its tantalizing scent .
i closed my eyes as her intoxicating scent of lemon and ginger swept over me , so familiar and so real that i swooned .
but before he could explore the shelves , he found himself following the scent of a light perfume down a corridor .
but before he could explore the shelves , he found himself following the scent of a light perfume down a corridor .
his scent washed over her - normally pleasing , it had now grown intoxicating .
her taste was bliss - her cries , the scent of her dark hair , the way she moaned with each swirl of his tongue .
he could feel her swollen little clitoris budding beneath the heel of his palm ; her dizzying scent made him crazed to taste her there .
with his every step closer , awareness pricked her senses - the heat of the flames , the scent of her goblet of wine , the way the damp night air clung to her bare arms .
this close to bettina , he could scent her light perfume and sweet skin , could hear her shallow breaths as she studiously ignored him .
she inhaled his crisp scent , and memories of the night before overwhelmed her - which infuriated her .
when she 'd tilted her head to analyze his drawing , her thick mane of hair had swept over her bare shoulder , sending him awash in her scent .
but her scent lingered on the furs , tantalizing him .
the scent of crushed poppies ... she furtively pressed the back of her hand to her mouth , fearing she 'd throw up .
the familiar scents helped to center her .
she surveyed all the pie blossoms , named so because each bloom was as big as a pie , its scent as sweet .
when he took her luscious scent into him , he felt the beginning tremors in the base of his shaft , seed rising against his will .
her intoxicating scent frenzied him .
trehan scented bettina 's light perfume an instant before he heard her racing heart .
he traced behind her , inhaling her scent .
his own scent called to her - his skin , his need - and she found herself responding to him .
eve smelled of tears and sweat and some kind of sweet vanilla perfume , and she could nt seem to stop shaking .
the room even smelled differenttalcum powder and old - lady perfume .
i always smell like coffee ; its the perfume of the barista .
the carpet was squishy soft under claires feet , and she caught the scent of fading flowers .
with the air so still , scents hung in the air for a long time , and she could smell a whole plethora of nocturnal creatures .
and she could smell his own distinctive scent mingled with the scent of his jacket , and the snow , and the wool of his clothes .
and she could smell his own distinctive scent mingled with the scent of his jacket , and the snow , and the wool of his clothes .
i caught the salty scent , and although it was n't as overpowering as that of the giant toad , it was enough to make me clamp my hand over my nose and mouth so that i did n't throw up .
she moved away abruptly , leaving her light scent teasing his senses and the slender nape of her neck begging for a stranglehold .
soft ness , firmness , perfume , blissful curves .
her hair smelled like the exotic scent she used .
she detected the provocatively light blend- ing of the cologne scent of his deodorant and aftershave .
the scent from her cunt was getting stronger , even as ner vous tears started to trickle down her face .
when he tightened his arms around her , held her close , she clung this time , just absorbing his scent , his strength .
the scent of new desire wafted from the bed , enveloping him .
the expensive scent of her perfume wafted from her , blending with the aroma of sugar and spice as she floated to shaye 's side .
the expensive scent of her perfume wafted from her , blending with the aroma of sugar and spice as she floated to shaye 's side .
unable to resist , he burrowed his nose into her neck , breathing in her fragrance of ... snow and wild flowers - yes , that 's what her scent was - relishing the softness of her pale skin .
` ` do you smell my scent ? ''
that delicious scent of virility and dark , moonlit nights wafted to her .
she could smell his scent , salty , sultry .
his male scent wafted deliciously .
he lowered his voice , murmuring in her ear , ` ` your scent is amazing .
her frosty scent enveloped him , fueling his own sense of determination .
their warm breath was probably bathing his skin ; their eager scent likely filling his nose .
the closer she came , the stronger valerian 's masculine scent became , a heady mixture of aroused man and determined warrior .
as she stood there , deciding what to do next , valerian 's masculine scent wafted to her , filling her nostrils .
a fresh , warm scent wafted to him .
close enough that she felt the heat of his skin , the heady scent of it .
her snow - sweet scent filled his nostrils as he captured her gasp in his mouth .
she exuded a special scent , and every part of him recognized other women as imitations .
their eyes met , and she fought the urge to rise on tiptoe and breathe in his scent , absorb his strength .
his scent filled her nose , sexual and fierce .
he drew in a deep breath - and noticed the scents of blood and death had suddenly thickened the air .
the scent of orchids filled the room , sweetly perfuming the air with a sultry ambiance .
her scent covered the walls , permeating his senses .
valerian breathed deeply of her scent , letting it fill him , strengthen him .
the air was heady with the scent of roses .
daniel fancied he could smell it , the perfume of the living clinging to armand still .
the flowers were crushed against them , huge drowsing yellow dahlias and white gladioli , such lovely drenching perfume .
the ceiling of the cabin of the plane , the soft yellow lights reflected in the warm wood - paneled walls , and then around him the garden , the perfume , the sight of the flowers almost breaking loose from their stems .
silver sunglasses covered their eyes ; they whispered together and gave out sudden piercing bursts of laughter ; decked with jewels and scent , they flaunted their shining preternatural skin and hair .
and there was a faint scent there as of perfume .
they gave a thick odoriferous perfume to the room .
yet i was in her arms in this chilling darkness , in the familiar scent of winter , and her blood was mine again , and it was enslaving me- when she drew away , i felt agony .
there was a faint scent of eastern perfume .
but the air was good here , warm here , full of fresh scents and without the sting of the north .
the perfume rising from her clothes confused him - the faint oriental scent that made him think of incense , which always made him think of the shrine .
the perfume rising from her clothes confused him - the faint oriental scent that made him think of incense , which always made him think of the shrine .
some great secret here , something to do with the lineage , the family ... . she wore soft dark clothes rather similar to those of the ancient one ; her hands were immaculate ; she wore no scent or paint .
i took hold of her firmly and started down , telling myself to go slowly ; and then again i tried to find the minds of the mortals and see what they saw : gilded walls , cusped arches , every surface glittering with decoration ; incense rising , mingling with the scent of fresh blood .
it seemed that sweet music was playing , and that the earth had suddenly yielded spring flowers of every color and description , and that the air was full of perfume .
and the queen herself , like a temptress she was , bedecked with finery and perfume , and fashioned by nature into a thing as lovely as any treasure around her .
the familiar scent of flowers , the spell .
white marble tile , carved gold fixtures ; an ancient roman splendor , when you got right down to it , with gleaming bottles of soaps and scents lining marble shelves .
and then i heard the unmistakable sound of the fire near me ; and i felt the wind gusting through the broken window , and i smelled all those soft sweet scents from the forest rushing into the room .
it had n't even occurred to him that it might be her , until he was holding her soft body with one arm , and smel ing the perfume of her hair as he held an ice - slick blade to her throat with the other .
the two large pil ar candles set in tal black stands were giving off an enticing perfume , as wel as being clocks - the farther down they burned , the easier to tel time .
but before the princess could even ask what was going on , she was engulfed in a great warm wave of scent .
are the colors and scents satisfactory ? ''
bonnie was already dizzy with perfume and had decided not to wear any , but a tal woman bel owed over her head and a garland of freesia was pinned to frame her curls , without anyone asking her permission .
a hot bath at lady ulma 's and then a four - handed massage , lying comfortably on a drying couch with the scent of floral incense rising around her .
she only said , ` ` smel that sweet scent on the wind ?
it was damon 's aura and the variety of different scents lingering on him - which no human nose would ever be able to detect , much less untangle .
please , please , please help ... '' for five , ten , fifteen minutes she kept it up , as the branches grew , enclosing them with their sweet , resinous scent .
he knew he was doing the right thing when he smelled the resinous scent of pine .
damon leaned back with his eyes closed , trying to shut out the overwhelming smell of blood and the musty scent of ... something .
looking at damon , then , as the whirlwinds lifted higher and the sweet scent encircled her , resinous and aromatic , closing in until she knew it was soaking into her clothes and being impressed into her very flesh , she knew she had overstepped herself .
but even now elena 's thoughts were dimmer and more fragmented , as the hot water continued to relax her muscles , and the vanilla scent swirled around her head .
elena breathed in the wonderful autumn - leaves scent of his sweater and was comforted .
there was some sweet scent in the air - honeysuckle , freesia ?
music ... music and lights everywhere ... elena herself , although thrilled by the sights , sounds , and glorious scents coming from huge banks of flowers as well as from the guests , both male and female , felt a slight fear like a small rock in her stomach .
oh , and a spray of jasmine perfume .
elena moved closer to him , just a bit , so he could smell her perfume , which was attar of roses that night .
it must sell hundreds of fragrances , and billions of scent molecules were deliberately being released into the air .
but where it mattered he was numbed and blinded by the billions of scents that were being blown up his nose .
i reached out toward her , brushing my hand against her shoulder , al owing my nose to inhale her apple - and - hay scent .
i leaned in , succumbing to her lemon - ginger scent .
he drove away , and violet and i stepped through the doorway into a vaulted hal way fil ed with the competing scents of perfume and foods .
he drove away , and violet and i stepped through the doorway into a vaulted hal way fil ed with the competing scents of perfume and foods .
the scent of roses was heady in the air , and for an instant , i was transported back to our mystic fal s labyrinth .
talking with katherine had al owed me to forget my guilt and step into a world infused with a lemon - ginger scent where nothing - not my father , not damon , not death - could touch us .
the air was thick with the scent of competing perfumes and cigarette smoke .
the air was thick with the scent of competing perfumes and cigarette smoke .
when i was surrounded by her heady scent of lemon and ginger , i was guided purely by instinct .
half of them were sickening - the food , someone 's overly floral perfume , the harsh cleanser they 'd used on the carpet - but the warm , living smell of the other diners was tantalizing .
she could n't hear him properly , his voice drowned out by the millions of noises all around them and the welter of scents filling her nose .
her curls flew loose and wild around her shoulders , and matt just wanted to bury his face in them , breathe in the mint - and - citrus scent of her shampoo .
she felt sick , thinking about it , but she could still smell the tantalizing , salty scent of his blood .
a breeze blew bonnie 's hair across her face , and the warm smell of summer roses came through the fence , a heavy , seductive scent .
the scent of the roses was even stronger here , almost dizzying .
flowers 's garden , the way their sweet scent had risen from her hands and clothes all the way home , filling her car with the smells of summer .
there was a magnolia tree near them , its heavy waxy white blossoms hanging overhead , filling the air with their sweet , heady scent .
smell of chantilly - or some other drugstore scent .
here , too , the razor had passed , leaving its faint dark shadow ; the skin was firm , surprisingly muscular , and a clean , youthful scent rose from it as i saw the sweat break out on his forehead , as i saw his lips move in a surprisingly graceful smile .
but i could smell a sort of musky perfume rising from her , part human , part commercial scent .
but i could smell a sort of musky perfume rising from her , part human , part commercial scent .
my heart shrank , exploding in pain , but there was no knife , only these little hands clutching me , and the perfume of crushed roses rising from her shimmering hair .
i liked the scent of it , dark and sweet .
her scent was overpowering me - blood and the clean perfume of a living being .
i drew closer to him , deliberately letting his scent fill my nostrils , deliberately letting the scent of his blood come to me , and awaken the desire in me which cared little who he was or what i was - the sharp hunger for him that wanted only his death .
i drew closer to him , deliberately letting his scent fill my nostrils , deliberately letting the scent of his blood come to me , and awaken the desire in me which cared little who he was or what i was - the sharp hunger for him that wanted only his death .
as i stood silent in the corridor , i let myself breathe the blood scent rising from him , the scent that rises from all mortals , and which is different with each in its own way .
and what a comfort it was - the sight of his face , and the faint dusty scent of his worn garments , and the breath of fresh rain still clinging to his dark hair .
the scent and sound of the rain forest came back to me , the great enclosing darkness of those powerful trees .
i lifted the long wick that lay there for the lighting of candles , and i dipped it into an old flame , and made a new one burst into being , hot and yellow and finally steady , giving off the sharp perfume of burnt wax .
when i looked up i saw he was bathed and dressed , and even his hair was combed , and the scent of the blood he 'd drunk was lingering , perhaps coming from his lips .
the metallic scent wafted to layel 's nostrils , sweet and tangy .
in and out he breathed , the scent of salt and coconut filling his nose .
and yet , he 'd been oddly protective of her , cradling her against him , marveling at her sea - kissed scent as he recalled the way she 'd looked at him on the battlefield , as if he were a miracle and a devil wrapped in the same tempting package .
that she was now inches from him , practically in his face , her sea - kissed scent tormenting his nose , electrified him .
her sea - salt scent continued to tease him , strong , lovely .
while he smelled salt and dew , flower blossoms , fruit and aroused female - damn , but he wanted to banish that scent !
he stiffened as her rain - kissed scent once more assailed him , as her body heat wafted to him .
her raindrop scent immediately invaded his nose , heady , erotic .
layel could smell the sweet scent of fresh blood on the soldier .
even her sweet scent was curiously absent .
the sweet scent of her , so at odds with her warrior personality , suddenly seemed to infuse every crevice of the surrounding area , yet he caught no glimpse of her .
scents of sweetmeats and spice wafted to him as his teammates gorged .
he sniffed again , catching a trace of her innate perfume - woman and strength , waterfall and sweetness - and forced his heavy legs into motion .
blood was rushing through her veins , a sweet scent drifting from her skin .
she had n't heard him , which meant he 'd floated , and she had n't smelled his scent , which meant he 'd bathed with the same sand and blooms she had .
the scent of hay and horse filled his nose .
he breathed in delilah 's scent , a fragrance of femininity , the essence of pleasure , and savored every drop in his lungs , his mind accepting his adoration without protest .
it was easy to tell when the window itself was opened : new scents flooded in .
felicity , standing so still behind the vibrating lady kingair , smelled delicious , even through the lilac of his handkerchief and the rose of her perfume - werewolf urges were so embarrassing .
lilac scent wafted into the room .
there was the intoxicating scent of honey , cinnamon , and roasted nuts .
but by the end of the week i 'd grown used to the supersharp sounds and scents and learned to ignore them .
the scent of the wild girl 's blood filled her nose like rich perfume .
the scent of the wild girl 's blood filled her nose like rich perfume .
his scent filled her head and she breathed him in .
kahli remembered everything : the crisp scent of the morning air , the sunlight on her face , her mother 's voice - even and urgent - telling her to stay hidden .
his scent lingered in her head .
thoughts about his lips on hers , the scent of his skin , the way his hair felt in her hands .
every inch of the room screamed of masculinity , even the scent of the air held a seductive fragrance .
i could smell the apricots in her shampooed velvet - chestnut hair and the sweet soft scent of her perfume .
i could smell the apricots in her shampooed velvet - chestnut hair and the sweet soft scent of her perfume .
he d enjoyed zipping through the trees at vampire speed with the cool breeze whipping at his face and filling his nostrils with the heady scent of newly budded leaves and flowers .
connor wrinkled his nose at the staggering scent of cologne and hair gel .
the same storm - tossed trees and scent of pine .
newly budded leaves filled the air with the scent of spring .
she combed her damp hair , enjoying the flowery scent of the shampoo shed used .
glorious scents filled the kitchen , and her stomach rumbled .
a bird sang in the forest , and the scent of pine wafted toward her on a breeze .
the scent of grilled meat drifted from a nearby restaurant .
his heightened senses had picked up the scent of roses .
the scent of her shampoo filled his nostrils .
the blossoms opened and filled her nostrils with a sweet scent .
there was only the faintest of scents because the blood was dry .
i smelled the sweet scent of drakar on the pillow .
scents mingled in that humid summer air : the tang of pine pitch , the musty stamp of shaded soil and moss , the mineral crispness of fresh , rolling water from a stream that evidently cut through the property not far from where niko stood .
he would n't have expected such an odd contrast to her chilly demeanor , but her blood scent was a warm , heady mix of sandalwood and fresh spring rain .
she smelled clean , if deodorant soap and hairspray could be considered clean - smelling scents .
to niko 's acute senses , the woman reeked of cosmetics and perfumes , with an undercurrent of recent narcotic use that seeped from her pores .
nikolai tried to ignore the clinical process taking place beside him , but even the subtlest scent of blood made his senses fire up like holiday lights .
he was out of the woods as far as bloodlust went , but he was still breed , and renata 's sweet sandalwood - and - rain blood scent was intoxicating , especially up close .
she could still smell the summery tang of pine and loamy moss , nature 's scents smothered all too soon by that of blood and death .
a fresh breeze carried the scent of pine pitch and crisp forest air into the dank stillness of the place .
as for my native italian , hear it softly when you say my name , vittorio , and breathe it like perfume from the other names which are sprinkled throughout this text .
there was a moment of inexplicable and strangely sensuous confusion when the perfume of her tresses and her gown rose in my nostrils , and i fancied i saw the glistening whites of her eyes as she looked at me .
there came that magnificent perfume from her which i had breathed in before , and the stroking of her hair on my face and neck sent shameless chills through me .
but i could feel the murky clouds rising about me , as though the air itself had thickened and was enfolding me with scent and sound and the sensuous force .
all was black wood , polished so that one could smell the oil , and it mingled sweetly with the perfume of all the lamps , and there came a soft crackling from the torches .
` ` your scent fills my nostrils as if the pot is boiling over .
the brew simmered , and that scent blotted out all else .
i felt it come down around me like a spellbinding shower , full of her perfume , soft with her tenderness .
everywhere the scent of flowers overcame me .
a scent overcame me .
the faint scent of vampire and pasta brushed against me - imagination stoked by a memory .
in my thoughts , the scent of vampire incense mixed with an unfamiliar aftershave .
i leaned over the center console toward him , getting a good whiff of the scent of redwood coming off marshal .
i came close to give him a hug , and the familiar scent of old coffee hit me .
he was clearly cold in his parka and hat , the chill almost killing the redwood scent that all witches had .
i bowed my head over the soup , breathing in the acidic scent and feeling ivy 's pain now that jenks was n't here cluttering everything up .
the subtly masculine - flavored scent of redwood eased about me , a witch 's characteristic smell .
it was nice smelling it in my kitchen , mixing with vampire and the light garden scent i was starting to recognize as pixy .
` ` your perfume stinks .
i 'd found the new bottle of citrusy scent on the kitchen table this morning .
apparently , after yesterday , ivy thought it prudent to reinstate our practice of trying to muddle the mixing of our natural scents .
between the cold and rachel 's perfume , i 'd be more comfortable at a fairy 's bris . ''
a cloying , too - sweet scent of cinnamon and the rich aroma of coffee gave a glimmer of contentment to the rising excitement .
ivy eased the blade out an inch and the biting scent of oiled metal tickled my nose .
the scent of roast beef and butterscotch pie was heavy in the air , a big trigger for the memories of the sunday nights when robbie would come over .
the lilac and redwood scent from my mom mixed with the aroma of electric amps , but even as my thoughts rejoiced , another worry took me .
i breathed in her lilac scent as she gave me a quick squeeze and rocked back .
the ex - military man in him peeked through when he forced himself to sit straighter , his face freshly shaved , the scent of shampoo coming faintly to me .
but the scent of redwood was comforting , plucking a need to go back to my roots , and i breathed it in deep .
the scent of a summer meadow grew heavy , and pollen streaked his green shirt .
the smell was different , holding the scent of baby powder and crayons .
i asked erica as she slid in beside me with the scent of citrus .
i breathed deep to find that it did n't smell like a restaurant anymore with its many spices and the lingering scents of unfamiliar vampires .
only his footprints in the snow and the lingering scent of burnt amber remained .
the small man searched my face , grinning as the scent of coal dust , shoe polish , and redwood seeped into me .
i breathed deep , enjoying both the extra body heat in the cold belfry and the rich scent of redwood .
his redwood scent sparked in me a rise of emotion , pure and untainted by the fear that had always lurked with kisten .
my breath came fast , and eyes still shut , i leaned my head against his shoulder , lips open as i breathed in his scent .
i took his mouth with my own , finding a kiss , slowly tasting him as his redwood scent filled me .
immediately i relaxed at the tinkling of the bell and the scent of cinnamon coffee .
ivy let go of skimmer 's arm , and the white - clad vampire backed up , smelling ivy 's scent on her wrist and smiling .
my teeth clenched , and the remembered scent of damp cement spilled through my memory .
ivy 's scent lingered , and i breathed it in , wondering how she was .
my mom leaned forward and gave me a hug , smothering me in a heady redwood scent .
the knobby roots went in , and with a few twists , the scent of chlorophyll mixed with the cheap wine .
a gust of wind brought me the scent of fried vendor food , and i squinted ahead to one of carew tower 's street entrances .
an older couple smelling of too much perfume and aftershave stood ahead of us as the silver doors opened and we all got in .
the murmur of conversations and the scent of high - calorie appetizers hit me first , and my shoulders eased in the warmth .
i asked , stiffening at the faint scent of wine and cinnamon .
like a wave , the warm scent rolled out .
the scent of burnt amber grew when al put the flat of his arms on the two seats to make a bridge for his head to rest on .
a faint , musty scent drifted from the angry man at his movement , tickling my memory .
the scent of cold cement and mold flowed from her and holly .
the smell of damp stone hit me , and i recognized the scent that had been coming off mia and remus tonight .
the scent of burnt amber and mold made me ill , and i tried to focus .
the scent of cold dust and forgotten air filled me , and then her eyes opened against the torment .
the dust on his hands turned to damp grit as he wiped my tears away , and the scent of wet cement rose higher .
` ` it means , '' he said , sending the scent of damp cement over me , ` ` i 'll drain you instead . ''
he sucked in air as he ran the flat of his nose along my neck to breathe in my scent .
the dusty scent of art 's fingers on me was heavy in my memory as i looked at his broken hand and the flesh pulled tight to the bone .
though my mom was hundreds of miles away by now , my room still smelled like her light lavender perfume , wafting up from the dusty boxes stacked where robbie had left them beside my bed .
letting go , he inclined his head ... and vanished with the soft scent of coal dust and shoe polish .
` ` i ' m not ... or i do n't mean to be ... doing anything to you , '' mari whispered , but the way she was reacting to his scent , his mesmerizing eyes , and his hard body between her thighs belied the words .
unusual food scents and the strains of music continually carried on the breeze .
now that he 'd bathed her , the scent of her hair and skin was sublime , filling his senses .
he was so close that she could feel the heat of his body and smell his clean masculine scent .
mariketa 's tantalizing scent called to him and nothing else mattered .
as always happened , pungent scents from the powders and dried leaves in elianna 's infinite apron pockets wafted up between them .
there is a wonderful scent around me .
a breeze tossed my hair and carried jamie 's scent , which mixed with the sharp salt air .
his scent was all around me , and i fingered the material of his shirt .
i ' m overwhelmed by his cool scent , which is like inhaling a wintergreen lifesaver .
i rub my face into his shirt , trying to use his scent to burn everything else away .
i ' m bathed in her lilac scent .
she lets out a breath , expelling her scent all over me .
her scent wafts up from the sheets , surrounding me in a cloud .
waves of scent caress me , and i can barely focus on anything but the blood smell .
the scent of her blood fills the car , and i want it so much i have to push myself as far away from her as i can get in the small space .
it 's her favorite scent .
all perfectly lovely non - blood scents .
her head burrows against my shoulder and her scent invades me .
i breathe in , taking in the scent and acknowledging that yes , it 's delicious , and yes , i want it , and no , i ca n't have it .
i would be a horrible person if i could n't hug her back , so i do , breathing in her lilac perfume .
the breeze blows that strange scent my way .
the scents layered and gave each person have a signature .
a woman with flowery perfume .
her body shook , and i smelled the fear on her , making her scent dark and delicious .
there 's a distinct smell of rose perfume and mothballs that emanates from a group of elderly women clustered with their husbands and families in the booths that line the restaurant .
i inhale the cool scent of the earth that 's all through her clothes .
the room was steeped in her scent .
the fire 's already going and the scent of fresh coffee tickles my nose .
the scent has kind of taken over my brain .
he did n't move as she withdrew , and he took a second to savor her scent that lingered around him .
unless you ' ve bathed in perfume so strong , it leaves a heavy , lasting impression , you 're safe . ''
he saw the fabric of the universe around him and smelled its sweet scent .
the scent of gumbo and crawfish wafted down from the restaurants along with the faint sounds of jazz and zydeco .
nick closed his eyes and inhaled the sweetest scent he 'd ever known .
casey had all but strong - armed him into a frou - frou salon that smelled way too much like perfume to get his hair cut , and then forced him into saks fifth avenue to shop for something less hideous to wear .
but that desire had fled the moment her sweet scent hit him .
the sweet scent of her hair went a long way in soothing his ravaged nerves .
he buried his face in her hair and inhaled the sweet , precious scent .
nick closed his eyes and inhaled the sweet scent of her hair .
the fire made a light hissing noise and left a scent of cinnamon in the air .
unable to resist the impulse , he closed his eyes and pulled her hand to his cheek to savor the sweet scent of her warm , soft skin .
nick trembled as he buried his face in her hair and inhaled the most precious scent on the planet .
he said that all ghosts and spirits could drink water , and they drank up the scents of sacrifice and that was why all the ancient talk of libations and of incense , of burnt offerings and of smoke rising from the altars .
it was a world of the deep vibrant gleam of the precious , of lovely scents and the sounds of harps , and pipes playing ; it was a world for the bare feet to walk on smooth tiles that were themselves cut in the shapes of flowers . ''
the perfume was rich and delicious and i reeled .
by that hayden meant that this was a palace of goods , a treasure house of furs and veils , of leathers dyed in all colors , and perfume rising from the glass tables as if from altars .
i fed upon the smell of them , never mind the wax , the parchment , the old reliable scents , i smelled the men - the old man 's warm living skin that was so clear and fine , so free of disease that it had become silken in old age , pure like the bones of his living body inside it , which were no doubt so brittle now they could break at the slightest blow .
the young man was immaculate and anointed with fine and subtle perfumes .
the perfume rose from the pores of his skin , from the curls of his hair , from the clothing he wore , a subtle mingling of calculated scents .
the perfume rose from the pores of his skin , from the curls of his hair , from the clothing he wore , a subtle mingling of calculated scents .
smelled the flesh of other humans , and i smelled the perfume o offerings .
a wild hope grew in me , a hope that made my breath come quickly , and the scents of the room suffocated me in my passion .
it came swift and titanic - a procession , a great street with high blue - glazed walls , and the scent of flowers everywhere , and people waving , and a dreadful sadness , so bitter , so total , that for one moment i felt myself begin to dissolve .
she gave off a deep and rich perfume , and the smell of chemicals unknown to me , and of decay and death , very advanced , death all through her , struggling to wrap its tendrils around her heart and brain and make them go to sleep forever .
as i entered the room physically , i sensed the perfume of esther .
the place was full of the scent of the flowers .
the air swirled around her , full of the scents of the garden .
i was lost for a moment to the beating of their hearts , to the subtle scents rising from their hair and skin , and the sheer softness of affection emanating from the firmest of touches .
his skin was silken and fragrant with some subtle male perfume , and his fingers were thrilling me vaguely as he took my hand .
outside the city - before he stole a car to drive into manhattan - he had his black hair cut and trimmed modern style by a precious little girl in a salon full of perfume and lighted candles , and then outfitted himself in a fine armani suit of black wool with a hugo boss shirt and a gleaming versace silk tie .
he breathed in the scent of the lemon trees .
a cloud of the sweetest perfume enveloped me , something of green herbs , flowers , and citrus , very strong .
gregory asked , taking a moment to breathe deeply , to sense the moment , to drink in the perfume of the lilies in their painted pots , to look at the shivering wisteria hanging down from the trellis that ran up the wall behind armand , with its purple blossoms like an abstract painting of a cluster of grapes .
no scent , however , except that of incense and perfume which clung to its clothes .
no scent , however , except that of incense and perfume which clung to its clothes .
the scent was overpowering , delicious , almost irresistible .
faint scent of that acqua di gio that was now all over her pillow and her sheets , and all over her dreams .
we were gazing on this little wilderness of thick pink hydrangea and luminous calla lilies , of creeping moonflowers on tree trunks and glistening white gardenias that gave off the most intoxicating scent .
i heard the blood throbbing in him , and time dissolved , and it seemed i was in some old and secret place , some warm tropical grotto we 'd once shared , ours alone in some way , with the scent of sweet olive blossoms and the whisper of moist breeze .
i closed my eyes and took a deep breath , inhaling the scents of town : asphalt , cooking , vehicles , dogs .
and now ... now he had to force himself to remember that everything had an agenda , and he could n't freak out and beg her just to let him kiss her lush lips , entangle himself in the scent of hair , lie with her naked .
she smelled faintly of shampoo and a sort of herbal scent , with a little cigarette smoke mixed in .
as we descended , the sound of crashing waves assaulted my ears and the salty scent of open water cut with the rank smell of death slapped me in the face .
the whole world seemed to come alive around me as i ran , rich with scents and sounds i 'd never noticed before .
i felt myself flush , remembering the perfume of annie 's ankles , her hand on the back of my neck as she talked to claudia one summer night .
the night sky felt like black velvet against his paws , his nose smelled scents it had never smelled so crisply , and the giddiness of the christmas cheer drew a wolfen howl of delight from him .
matthias could feel the bubbly sensation of the christmas cheer fading , dulling the brightness of color , stealing the extraordinary scents from his nose , and letting the chill of the perpetual winter touch him even through his thick wolfen pelt .
his nose was full of the scents of cinnamon and brandy , and the flavor of gingerbread and apples lingered on his tongue .
a dusting of it would mask scents .
the scent of her perfume seemed to increase in intensity , so that he could smell nothing but her .
the scent of her perfume seemed to increase in intensity , so that he could smell nothing but her .
her arm brushed his and that scent , floral deepening to musk , grew even stronger , to the point that he could smell nothing but her .
he could smell her , almost taste her , the seductive , singing scent of her musk .
his rich , spicy aroma stirred through the cold air , bringing on memories of the long nights i 'd spent in his arms , breathing in that very same scent .
there was a sharp intake of breath , and i had a vision of his nostrils flaring , sucking in the scents of the night and rolling them across his taste buds , sorting and categorizing them .
i snuggled closer , letting the heat and scent of him flow over my skin and fill every breath .
mary ann inhaled deeply , the scents of coffee , whipped cream and vanilla flooding her .
the scent of pine and newborn baby drifted from him .
he 'd wanted to tangle his hands in her hair , draw her close , so close , and drink in the scent of her .
she 'd saturated the once stifling air with the scent of her sweet perfume and had warmed the cold tile with plush , multihued rugs .
she 'd saturated the once stifling air with the scent of her sweet perfume and had warmed the cold tile with plush , multihued rugs .
he inhaled deeply , breathing in her honeysuckle and roses scent .
he stood very still , savoring the feel of her , that honeysuckle scent .
he inhaled deeply , drinking in the floral scent of her hair , enjoying the heady flavor of her .
the scents of the night drifted to aden 's nose , dew and dirt and animal .
suddenly the scent of blood hung in the air , thick and metallic .
her dad set a plate of pancakes in front of her , the scent of blueberries and syrup suddenly coating the air .
she inhaled deeply , savoring , wanting a bottle of the scent to take home and bathe in .
` ` baby , even if i was afraid , i doubt anything can be smelled except my perfume . ''
a cloud of expensive perfume enveloped her .
there was a sweet perfume coating the air , a scent that thickened as he made his way up a dais , where a throne of the deepest ebony rested .
there was a sweet perfume coating the air , a scent that thickened as he made his way up a dais , where a throne of the deepest ebony rested .
a scent that thankfully canceled out his perfume .
a scent that thankfully canceled out his perfume .
with the distance , she could breathe without smelling his dark and spicy scent , without feeling branded by him .
the scent of eggs and bacon wafted through the air .
the scent of pancakes , sausage and syrup wafted to his nose , and his mouth watered .
gradually their color faded and the scent of sulfur thinned .
the air was hot and humid , fragrant with the scents of summer .
the lower they went , the more the scent of dust and - her nose wrinkled - old pennies saturated the air .
` ` i ' m not the- '' the scent of aden 's blood hit her first , potent and tantalizing , making her mouth water , reminding her of her body 's needs .
he absorbed her scent , testing it .
the sweet scent of mary ann saturated the air .
the scent of her hit him , as sweet as she looked .
her scent did more than envelop him , it invaded him , consumed him , and his mouth watered a little more .
that wild , earthy scent of his reminded her of the outdoors , and she wished for more , was desperate for more - until she remembered what had happened to the last creatures of the night she 'd encountered and could n't pretend anymore .
maybe because it had the same sweet , dark scent as victoria 's .
she held a paper bag , the scent of bread , meat and greasy fries wafting from it .
the scent of victoria 's sweetness was replaced by the earthiness of riley 's as the shifter - ex - shifter - loomed over him .
aden held her , letting her comfort him as only she was able , breathing her in , loving her scent , his mouth watering for a taste , not letting himself have a taste or think about tasting , not letting himself bite her but simply luxuriating in what she offered .
her smile was as delicate as everything else about her , from the peach gloss on her lips to the perfume and nail polish bottles neatly arrayed on the dresser .
it was too late and too dark to see much , but i liked the wind rustling through the trees , the cool scent of pines , and the owl hooting not so far away .
the scent of lavender grew stronger .
their sweet scent gentled the air .
his hair gleamed like bronze in the sunlight , and i breathed in the scent of him , so much like the woods that surrounded us .
i stopped worrying about everything else and just thought about lucas and how close he was , the cedary scent of his skin , the way we breathed together when we kissed , like we were two parts of the same person .
the open door between us was shut again , and patrice was again cocooned in her silks and perfumes , safe from having to look at the harshness of her past .
strolling beside my desk , where i could smell the lavender scent that always seemed to surround her , mrs . bethany said , ` ` prepare to have any preexisting assumptions you may hold about shakespeare 's works challenged .
my arms slipped around his neck , and his body was pressed against mine from our knees to our mouths , and i could breathe in the scent of him , the one that reminded me of the dark woods near evernight .
quickly i set about getting ready , putting on the sweater , some dangly earrings , and even a little of the nice perfume my parents had given me for my birthday .
as i slipped the perfume bottle into the back of my dresser drawer , my fingers brushed against the velveteen scarf that held the brooch lucas had given me .
strolling to just beside my desk , where i could smell the lavender scent that always seemed to surround her , mrs . bethany continued , ` ` your next assignment , due one week from today , is a three - page paper explaining your view of the dramatic flaws in romeo and juliet .
i stepped closer to lucas , so close i could smell the scent of his skin .
when my mother opened the door , the warm scent of cinnamon and apples wafted out to welcome us .
the heated mug made my fingers sting , but the rich , meaty scent of the blood overwhelmed my discomfort , my worries , and pretty much everything else .
no matter how many times i opened the windows or sprayed a bit of my perfume in the air , the house always smelled of lavender , reminding me of its true owner .
his warm scent made me feel as if we were n't in a park but in the center of a vast forest , as alone as if we were the only people in the world .
i 'd missed this so much - the taste of his mouth , the scent of his skin , and the feel of his broad hands .
lucas lay beneath me , pressing kisses on my forehead and cheeks as i raked my hands through his hair and breathed in the scent of him .
taking a deep breath , i could smell the cedar scent of his skin , tinged slightly with the delicious saltiness of blood .
all that was real was the reassuring scent of lucas 's skin and the knowledge that , for now at least , we were safe .
i could smell the sweat from their skin , the loamy scents of the soil and summer grass .
and that perfume she used to wear sometimes , the stuff with the gardenias- '' ` ` yeah . ''
when i leaned against lucas 's shoulder , i tried to breathe in the familiar scent of his skin , but that was gone .
lucas 's eyes narrowed , and i could see his entire body tense as he breathed in the scent .
` ` bianca , '' lucas whispered against my throat , his breath once again warm , the scent of his skin again all around me .
the scent of hay took him back .
pine , dirt , any number of birds ( mostly owls and sparrows , too hard to catch and not much to enjoy ) , the horse 's sweat from earlier , a hint of skye 's delicate perfume , but something muskier , gamier - there .
balthazar looked up to see madison findley standing there , all innocence , made - up and smelling strongly of perfume .
well , she knew the precise scent of his warm male cologne .
and his scent was wrapping around her like a cloak of invitation .
he swallowed a groan , the sweet taste of her skin clinging to his lips and the scent of her frustrated desire teasing his nose .
he breathed deeply of her lingering scent before pressing the number to valhalla on his cell phone .
she lowered her head until her face was buried in his throat , drowning in his familiar scent .
she 'd prepared herself to absorb the scent , the feel , the taste of him .
jenna 's delightful scent , on the other hand , led him past a small bathroom to a bedroom at the end of the hallway .
` ` i like your comfy clothes , '' he professed , inhaling her sweet scent as he strode past into the small living room .
she always bears your study partners ' scents from brushing shoulders with them and the like .
but his scent lingered .
) , when the faint scent of two - day - old patchouli oil and sweat snaked into my apartment .
even from this distance , i could smell the salty , toasted coconut scent that wafted from his skin .
i was working up a reason to follow pike when emerson stopped behind me , close enough that her patchouli scent wafted off her and stuck to me .
i could still smell pike in my apartment , his coconut scent just hanging in the air .
i crossed the living room and cracked the kitchen window , letting the musty scent of new york summer seep in , letting the throb and bustle of the city pierce the silence .
i held it up to my nose , whiffing the slightest scent of tuberose and freesia locked into the stitch .
the metallic scent was sharp and distinctive and my whole body went on high alert - my fangs sharpening and elongating , saliva rushing toward my tongue .
i was swallowing furiously , trying not to think about how delicate the scent was , how delicious .
i could smell every scent in the vestibule - layers upon layers of clorox and urine , the cloying , salty smell of humanity coming through day after day and hour after hour - and the sinful , beckoning scent of nicolette 's fresh blood .
tia had even suggested a bottle of the vulture 's favorite french perfume as a hostess gift .
the scent of roast pig lingered in the air , and i could hear voices and laughter coming from the back of the house .
i moved close enough for him to smell my honeysuckle perfume .
a mouthwatering scent filtered in from the kitchen .
so had i. i paused for a moment to breathe in his spicy , masculine scent .
i pulled in a deep breath , drawing in the scrumptious scent of the leather and the equally intoxicating aroma of the man standing next to me .
the scents of tomato sauce and garlic and cheese tickled my nose .
there was an understandable trace of fear under the vanilla and sandalwood musk of her shalini perfume , but no discordant undertones of a lie .
with a slight nod , she took in the scent of sandalwood and musk , taking it through her mouth instead of her nose despite the taste it left on her tongue .
alexis was next , breezing inside with a calm , collected air and trailing the scent of incense behind her .
a gust of wind caught my hair , bringing with it a strong scent of tree bark .
i lowered my head to his neck , breathing in his delicious scent .
i bent down and breathed into her neck , inhaling her scent .
the fresh scent of the water wafted in .
a small wind , which flapped my loose jeans at my ankles , brought with it the subtler scents of nature .
someone sat near me , a woman reeking of a lot of perfume .
a small wind made its way through my open window , now bringing with it the scent of cooking beef .
i picked up my pace as another wind brought to me the familiar scents of cafeteria food .
the cool night wind carried with it the heady scent of juniper and sage , and i sat silently on that ledge and stared down into orange county and remembered the feeling of the man 's neck breaking in my hands .
i picked the cold glass up with both hands and brought it to my nose , inhaling deeply the strong coppery scent .
your scent is all your own , and the way my own supernatural hard - wiring works , i can distinguish individual scents from thousands , even millions , of other scents .
your scent is all your own , and the way my own supernatural hard - wiring works , i can distinguish individual scents from thousands , even millions , of other scents .
the desert scents were heady and intoxicating .
the desert sand itself seemed to have a scent all its own , too .
i inhaled the last of the lingering , haunting scent of blood before the coyotes were too far off for even my enhanced senses .
i shook my head and took in some air and continued smelling the strong scent of the red stuff .
the wind was strong up here , and infused with a mix of desert and mountain scents .
the air was infused with pine and juniper , scents i love .
through their fragrance eleazar smelled darker scents : bitter salts and acrid spices gathered according to an ancient essene text .
he opened his eyes and turned his nose toward that scent .
such orchids were common enough , used as corsage flowers because of their powerful scent and their durable beauty .
the familiar scents of orchids and bark surrounded him , as the afternoon sunlight , trapped under all that glass , turned the winter outside into a steamy summer inside .
the scent rose from a spray of white orchids , all brassocattleya .
the sweet scent of it filled his nostrils .
arthur could still smell a slight scent of gardenias .
the delicate scent of blood and fear billowed from them .
it brought with it the forest scent of pine , out of place here in this desert .
` ` for the rich , it was burned in funeral rites as a scent favored by god .
the familiar and oddly comforting scent of an old tomb .
none of it masked the simple lavender scent of her hair .
an acrid odor cut through the scents of cooling sand and desert flowers , and rhun shook his head to clear it .
the scent of wine drifted up : bitter , with a hint of oak .
but with the lavender scent of erin 's hair fresh in his nostrils , rhun resisted that path .
11:31 p.m. rhun raised the cold cup to his lips , inhaling the familiar scents of gold and wine .
she strewed chamomile over them , lending her house a clean , restful scent so unlike most of the other noble homes he visited .
their honey scent wafted up , reminding him of innocent summers too long past .
the bright scents in his life dissolved into nothing more than stone dust , the sweat of men , and traces of frankincense , spicy with an undertone of the conifer from which it had bled .
a familiar spicy scent struck her deeply , almost causing her eyes to tear .
rhun froze , fighting the warmth of her skin , the scent of snowmelt in her hair , the pulse of her heart in her lips , the salt smell of her tears .
rhun lost himself in her scent , her warmth , her heart .
he had not breathed its scent in a hundred years .
the summer scent of honey fought the tainted odors of the dark congregation .
she climbed the altar , the air richer in incense and the scent of burning candles .
the fresh laundry scent of the german hotel 's shampoo drifted up , and he remembered that first kiss .
the salty scent of fear wafted from him .
a twig cracked under his shoe , releasing the sharp smell of spruce , the only natural scent in the cavern .
she needed to think , which meant moving clear of his warmth , his musky scent .
along with it came a sweet scent , and a hint of music just beyond hearing , causing the ear to strain toward it .
her fingertips caressed the worn leather while the scent of ancient sands rose up to her nostrils .
the scent of honey and beeswax unfolded in the chamber , driving back the odors of stone , decay , and staleness .
she settled into a leather chair , the hide finely tanned , with the comforting scent of the long dead animal under the chemical smell .
it caressed her body , dried the wine on her dress , and carried with it the familiar smells of humans , of perfumes , of stone , of river .
the scent of lavender filled his nostrils .
the scent of lotus blossoms , a fragrance he had not enjoyed since his last sojourn in the east , lingered around her .
at first he 'd been able to smell the scent of lotus blossoms , but even that had faded .
but the scent of lotus blossoms bloomed instead .
the vinegary scent of old wine poured from the body , filling the room , as leopold and mario entered with their burden .
the intoxicating scent wafted out , causing even rhun to stir .
he ran his hand along the purple stalks of lavender that bordered the gravel path , the delicate scent swelling in his wake .
he smelled again the sweet rich scent of the honey , the light undertone of lavender .
but first , she stepped close to him , inhaling his musky scent , smelling soot underneath .
her mouth parted under his kiss , and he lost himself in her scent , her blood , her softness .
the mildewed scent of old straw and stone dust filled the room .
cool air flowed across her face and lips , bringing with it the smell of tar and pitch and other scents that were acrid , bitter , and burnt .
blossoms would have released their scents to the underground air .
the scent of lotus blossoms floated off her skin as she pushed gracefully to her feet .
the scent of lavender drifted forward with her , pushing rhun farther into the cockpit , to better keep his distance from her .
the scent of the ocean filled their bedroom , along with the soft hush of the waves against the sand .
ahead , the pitch - dark room smelled oddly of flowers , the perfume cutting through the stink of the sulfur .
he breathed in the scent of lotus , of the skin he once kissed and caressed .
through the stink of sulfur , rhun 's sharp nose picked out other scents : older sweat , a familiar perfume , a musky cologne .
through the stink of sulfur , rhun 's sharp nose picked out other scents : older sweat , a familiar perfume , a musky cologne .
once on her feet , erin stretched , drawing in a deep breath , sucking the dryness deep into her lungs , smelling the rocky scent of pure desert .
the holy scent surrounded him , settling on his robe and his hair and his skin .
i ask , trying not to smile as i kiss her neck , my eyes shut , the cool air brushing across my skin as i breathe in her scent ; lavender and vanilla .
she taps her finger on her lips and then breathes in my scent .
he places a delicate kiss on my forearm , breathing in my scent one last time before the tips of his teeth graze my skin .
he breathes in my scent .
alex is driving and i ' m in the backseat next to nicholas , who is practically like an air freshener with his rainy , floral scent .
i go over to the window , push it open , and look down at the driveway and i catch a hint of a flowery scent .
my stomach churns as i think of nicholas and the floral scent i detected only moments ago when i looked outside my window .
i turn around and look behind me ` ` nicholas ... '' i do n't see him but i swear i detect the faint lingering scent of flowers and rain .
an eerie chill slithers up my spine and at the same time my sense of smell is attacked by the scent of flowers and rain .
i ' m about to go peer out when i get whiff of the scent of flowers and freshly fallen rain .
the scent of blood - coppery , wet - was familiar , but for some reason , this time , there were layers to the smell that i 'd never inhaled before : iron , honey , sweat .
i ignored the running commentary in my head - and the scent of strawberries and blood , which i belatedly realized was the way skylar smelled to the parasite inside of me .
the thought was overwhelming , all - consuming , and suddenly , i could smell the scents of the room so clearly .
the smell of perfume told me it was a woman .
she pressed a soft kiss to my cheek , her vanilla perfume tickling my nose .
i breathed in , and her perfume tickled my nose with its sweet scent .
i breathed in , and her perfume tickled my nose with its sweet scent .
i never quite got used to the stench and sizzle of burning flesh , but those things might as well have been mab 's perfume and anthem , as often as i smelled and heard them over the years .
the smell of burned gunpowder filled the air , overpowering the earthy scent of the grass and trees .
the sudden explosion of floral scents made my nose twitch , but i held back a sneeze and kept fighting .
i just could n't seem to get enough air into my lungs , and the cloying scent of the flowers only made it worse , like i was breathing in petals instead of air .
i did a drive - by in the beauty section , picking up deodorant and body freshener to try to smother my catfish perfume .
the metallic scent of his blood pooled in my mouth like saliva , making me hunger for more .
heavy , familiar footsteps sounded , and i could smell her chantilly perfume even out here .
stiff needles clutched at my clothes , and the tangy scent of pine sap tickled my nose .
his clean , soapy scent washed over me again .
but donovan caine smelled so good i wanted to bury my face against his neck and just breathe in his scent .
his clean , soapy scent filled the closet , overpowering the burning smell of disinfectant .
his smell - that intoxicating , sharp scent of soap - filled my nose .
i breathed in , letting his sharp , clean scent fill my nose .
the crisp , clean scent of him filling my nose .
the detective 's clean , soapy scent filled my nose , overpowering the cumin , red pepper , and other spices in the air .
the sweet smell of jo - jo 's chantilly perfume ticked my nose as we walked through a narrow hallway .
despite the rain , the detective 's clean , soapy scent washed over me .
not now , when the sweet scent of sunshine was just a few feet away .
for a long time , i just lay there on the forest floor breathing in the earthy scent of the leaves that formed a rough , crackling blanket beneath me .
his scent drifted up to me - that rich , earthy aroma that made me think of metal .
the warm , comforting scent always reminded me of the old man .
i stared into his violet eyes , and his scent washed over me - a rich , earthy aroma that made me think of metal .
low , thick clouds obscured the moon and stars , and a metallic scent filled the air that told me snow was on the way .
his smell filled my nose - that rich earthy scent that made me think of cold metal .
i could picture him leaning back in his expensive office chair , his green eyes bright with thought , the warm scent of his chicory coffee adding to his caffeine high .
the metallic scent of snow gusted on the night breeze , and heavy clouds clung low to the ground , partially obscuring the moon and stars , before being pushed on by the wind .
the tangy scent of sap tickled my nose , but i ignored the sensation , focusing on the scene before me , blocking out everything else but the things i needed to hear and see .
its crisp , clean , woodsy scent tickled my nose , even out here in the hallway .
i breathed in owen 's scent , that rich , earthy aroma that always made me think of metal , something he had an elemental talent for using .
the smell of her chantilly perfume filled the night air .
i breathed in , enjoying the sweet , soft scent .
i breathed in , and a rich , earthy scent filled my nose .
splinters zipped through the air , and the sharp , sticky scent of pine sap burned my nose .
even out here on the porch , i still caught a whiff of her chantilly perfume .
i breathed in the scent , comforted by the sweet smell , because i knew that i 'd made it .
the sweet smell of her perfume was the last thing that i remembered before the world went black .
the warmth from his body mixed with my own , and i breathed in , enjoying his rich , earthy scent , which always made me think of metal , if metal could ever have any real smell .
my nose twitched , and i realized that the faintest scent of smoke hung in the air .
i breathed in , letting his rich , earthy scent fill my nose .
i closed my eyes and concentrated on the feel of owen 's arms around me , of his smell , that rich scent that always made me think of metal .
i breathed in , and the old man 's scent filled my nose - sugar , spice , and vinegar all mixed together , with just a hint of chicory coffee .
i breathed in , and the scent of sugar and spices filled my lungs , smelling better to me than the most expensive perfume .
i breathed in , hoping that the comforting scent would help relax me , but it did n't - not tonight .
i breathed in , and his familiar scent filled my nose - that sharp , clean scent that always made me think of soap .
i breathed in , and his familiar scent filled my nose - that sharp , clean scent that always made me think of soap .
a variety of colorful orchids and roses floated in the pool , their sweet scents mixing with the spicy colognes and cloying perfumes of the businessmen and businesswomen in attendance , along with the sweat of the news crews hauling around their cameras and other equipment .
a variety of colorful orchids and roses floated in the pool , their sweet scents mixing with the spicy colognes and cloying perfumes of the businessmen and businesswomen in attendance , along with the sweat of the news crews hauling around their cameras and other equipment .
the floral scent made me want to gag .
the wind whipped my brown hair into a tangled mess , and i could smell the cool scent of rain in it .
i buried my face in his neck and breathed in , letting his scent fill my nose .
despite the smoke that boiled up into the dark , humid night , i could somehow still smell his clean , soapy scent , the one that used to appeal to me so very much .
his soapy scent filled my nose , and his tongue flicked against my lips , trying to get me to open up to him .
my arms tightened around him , and i breathed in deep , letting his rich scent , the one that always made me think of metal , fill my nose .
the wood underfoot gleamed like freshly minted gold , and the sharp scent of varnish filled the air .
footsteps padded in the hallway behind me , and jo - jo came to stand beside me in the doorway , her perfume filling my nose with its soft scent .
footsteps padded in the hallway behind me , and jo - jo came to stand beside me in the doorway , her perfume filling my nose with its soft scent .
emotion clogged my throat , and i leaned forward and wrapped my arms around owen , burying my face in his neck and breathing in his rich scent .
the cream - colored paper smelled faintly of a sweet , cloying , floral scent - and it had salina 's mermaid rune embossed in blue - green ink across the top .
daddy - i breathed in , letting the soft , humid scent of the night air roll across my tongue .
even his rich scent , the one that always made me think of metal .
once again , the aroma of honeysuckle saturated the air , although now the scent seemed sickly sweet , as though it were the funeral - home stench of perfumed , floral death .
his scent washed over me , that rich , metallic aroma , and i breathed in , drawing it deep into my lungs .
the sweet perfume of the ever - present honeysuckle seemed to have gathered strength while we 'd been inside , hanging over everything like a thick , humid cloud .
another breeze whistled down the alley , bringing the scents of cooked cabbage , grilled chicken , and spicy peanut sauce with it from the thai restaurant down the block .
then i dipped my bloody fingers into the tin , which was full of a clear ointment that had a soft , soothing vanilla scent .
the next , i was back in cooper 's kitchen , the stench of jo - jo 's blood saturating the air like the foulest sort of perfume .
i breathed in , and a rich , familiar scent filled my nose , penetrating the last fragments of the dream and my disjointed ride through the rapids .
the only things i remembered after that were the soft , soothing scent of vanilla and a few needles pricking here and there at my shoulder , arms , back , and legs .
his rich , metallic scent once again filled my nose , mixing pleasantly with the woodsmoke , and the warmth of his body enveloped mine , driving away the last of my lingering chill .
a breeze gusted through the yard , bringing with it the sharp , tangy scent of the wild onions that had sprung up among the grass .
i breathed in , catching a whiff of his cologne , a spicy , heady scent with a soft , sweet note that made me think of roses .
i buried my nose in the roses , breathing in deeply and inhaling their scent .
truth be told , the scent was a bit overpowering , almost cloying , and i had to scrunch up my nose to keep from sneezing .
i breathed in his scent , sweet and spicy at the same time .
the snifter in her hand erupted into flames , punctuating her words , and the harsh scent of brandy filled the library before quickly burning away .
clouds of dust from the broken stones wormed their way down into the tomb , trying to choke me , and i buried my nose and mouth in cesar 's suit jacket to keep from inhaling the dust , even though the stench of death filled my nostrils instead , along with the faint scent of his roses .
the soft , soothing scent of vanilla wafted over to me as finn spread a thick layer of the ointment on the bullet hole in fletcher 's shoulder .
the scent of cesar 's roses filled the air , almost knocking me down with their sweet , overpowering perfume .
the scent of cesar 's roses filled the air , almost knocking me down with their sweet , overpowering perfume .
i leaned back against his body and breathed in , his rich , faintly metallic scent filling my nose .
their vanilla scent tickled my nose in a pleasant way .
the tangy citrus scent drifted over to me , followed by the sharp smell of the mint he crushed and added to the drink .
but the heavy perfumes , swirls of sweet smoke , and constant rush of air could n't hide the foul , bitter stench of the blood , vomit , and urine that had soaked into the couches , futons , and pillows .
i turned my head so that my face was buried in his neck and did as he said , drawing his rich , metallic scent deep down into my lungs , trying to clear the lemony stench of the lab from my mouth and throat , if not my mind and heart .
an open metal thermos sat on the deck next to her chair , the wisps of steam curling up out of the container bringing the rich scent of chicory coffee along with them .
the smell of car exhaust mixed with that metallic tang of autumn and the vamp 's own lemony scent .
the lemony scent wafting up from his body .
he shook me again , then brought his face even closer to mine , so close that i could smell the coppery stink of blood on his breath , mixed with his lemony scent , both as bitter and foul as any poison .
i had walked its streets , sampled its scents , and listened to it breathe .
the wind swirled with raphael 's scents : the light musk of his sweat , the delicious redolence of his skin ...
standing next to him was a trial : his scents sang through me , the warmth of his body seeped through my clothes , and his skin practically glowed .
i inhaled , sorting the pollen aroma : barely noticeable scent of white lilies , light perfume of carnations , sweet fragrance of snapdragons , dryness of baby 's breath ... ` ` sympathy arrangement , '' we both said at the same time .
i inhaled , sorting the pollen aroma : barely noticeable scent of white lilies , light perfume of carnations , sweet fragrance of snapdragons , dryness of baby 's breath ... ` ` sympathy arrangement , '' we both said at the same time .
the night was vast and filled with a flurry of scents .
a scent of charcoal smoke spiced with the aroma of seared meat drifted from the alexander on ponce apartments .
even here , with all the traffic and draft , the scents linger above the ground .
long strands of drool stretched from between his fangs and dripped on the pavement , sending a heady scent of jasmine to swirl through the air .
they leaned forward , emanating bloodlust , exuding it like a lethal perfume .
i sank against him , drunk on his taste and his scent , seduced by the feel of his hard body wrapped around mine .
the scent grabbed me and i practically floated to the table , just in time to see jim slide a golden - brown loaf onto the cutting board .
next to me , jim stretched his neck and inhaled the breeze , the way shapeshifters did when they wanted to sample the scents .
vines bound it all , perfuming the air with a faint scent reminiscent of jasmine .
i smelled sandalwood , vanilla , cinnamon , jasmine , some sort of citrus ... maybe the reapers made perfume on the side .
i breathed it in , its scent and magic cloaking me .
he inhaled my scent , opened the door , and left .
an amalgam of scents spiced the air : sweet and honeyed , reminiscent of a rose .
a long gash split the tiles between me and derek , and a wave of musky scent wafted forth .
he sucked in my scent , his eyes still flooded with molten gold .
i smelled the honeyed flowers and the light scent of wolves on the breeze .
all melted into the scent and warmth of blood , the scorching heat of the sun , and the liquid lubrication of my own sweat .
blazing like small white stars , with centers as black as his eyes , the flowers grew overnight , sending a spicy scent into the air .
he inhaled my scent , bent close , about to kiss me ...
some children retain memories of their deceased parents , a shadow of a voice , a hint of a scent , an image .
he must ' ve smelled different scents .
the night exhaled in my face , bringing with it varied scents : the damp grass , a hint of distant smoke , and something else .
the plain stared at them and exhaled in their face , filling the room with the dry bitter scent of grass and something else .
the breeze brought the aroma of cooked meat , tart and bitter spices , and the multilayered , complex scents of the crowd .
he must ' ve been sorting through all the different scents .
the scent of grass and the weak aroma of burning wood from someone 's fire pit swirled around me .
a familiar scent of heated metal invaded her nostrils .
` ` you 're breathing in my scent .
his scent enveloped her completely now .
lucas breathed in her scent .
to go on and disrobe while he was in the tub was insane , but she was covered in food and his scent from the previous night still stained her skin .
all around her water sprayed and cascaded , drenching her , washing away the scent of warm copper .
a fruity synthetic scent teased him - she was washing her hair .
karina held her for a long time , breathing in the scent of her hair .
when karina took the two round pans out of the oven and set them out to cool , the familiar scents floated through the kitchen , so reminiscent of home and happy times , she almost cried .
the wind brought the by - now - familiar tart flower scent .
he inhaled her scent and felt it spark a deep , angry hunger inside him .
when he awoke , her scent was everywhere .
the smog of cigarette smoke mixed with the scent of sweat and stale beer , not to mention the overpowering aroma of blood pumping through all those mortal bodies .
some used simple tobacco blends , which added a spicy scent to the air .
the sweet smoke mixed with the ferric aroma of blood to create an intoxicating perfume .
sure enough , the telltale scent of sandalwood overpowered the mingling scents of herbs and elixirs .
sure enough , the telltale scent of sandalwood overpowered the mingling scents of herbs and elixirs .
besides the distinctive sandalwood scent , something about the way he carried himself told me he was powerful .
i grimaced , overcome by the scent of musk .
the heady scent reminded me of my childhood and watching my grandmother perform the sacred ceremonies .
the air here was thick with the perfume of incense and candle wax .
here , the spicy scent of the incense was stronger .
i was engulfed by the scent of lavender .
the smell of lavender was stronger in here , and underneath it the scent of freshly baked brownies tickled my nose .
the air was even more saturated with the carnal scent .
only the faint scent of sandalwood remained .
the chlorine 's sharp scent mixed with the smoky aroma of fallen leaves .
once again , my senses were assaulted by the overpowering scent of sex .
however , i could n't help taking a deep breath of the pleasing scent of spicy soap mixed with sandalwood .
the scents of herbs and fire mingled to create a homey atmosphere .
but as i bathed in his scent and absorbed his warmth , i let out a breath .
the scent of rosemary tickled my nose .
the smells of the forest surrounded us - mulch and dew combined with the sharp scent of leafy things .
the scent of lemons and something floral - roses maybe - shooed away any lingering doubts .
i could still taste him on my lips , and his sandalwood and hot - male scent made me feel a little drunk .
under that , the city scents of trash , exhaust , and humanity were muted and mixed with the smoky aroma of fallen leaves .
the scent wafted to me , making my fangs throb and my mouth water .
the scent of turpentine hung heavily , but i found it a nice reprieve from the constant onslaught of sandalwood i 'd been exposed to since i 'd arrived in new york .
the scent of wet dog and apple juice drifted to my nose .
but this filthy fight pit , with its bloodstain varnish on the floor and the lingering scent of sweat and violence , felt like a home away from home .
instead , the ferric scent of blood teased my nostrils and its rich taste coated my tongue .
a familiar scent lingered in the air , but i could n't place it yet .
that was where the familiar scent came from .
the scent of sandalwood filled my nostrils .
instead of the brimstone odor that always accompanied giguhl 's appearance , the room filled with the sharp scent of ozone .
a chilly wind whipped down the street , bringing with it the sour scent of sewer .
the ferric scent of blood tickled my nose .
i lifted it , and the smoky scent made my stomach churn .
his neck was next to my nose , and i inhaled the coppery scent coming from his skin .
after weeks surrounded by the sandalwood scent of mages , slade smelled like coming home .
the scent , the feel , the taste of slade soothed the restlessness that had been squirming inside me for weeks .
underneath the urban stench , the perfume flowing through mortal veins teased me .
but the room was empty except for maisie 's lingering scent and her art supplies .
i could smell his anger rising , intensifying his sandalwood scent .
i accepted the strength he offered , absorbing it into my skin along with his sandalwood scent .
a bell sounded and the scent of incense and musty , arcane things drifted over us .
the strong scent of lavender that swirled around him indicated he was some type of fae .
the inhalation brought both a measure of calm and the heady sandalwood scent of adam .
if this magic had a scent , it was bright cedar and jasmine .
the muddy scent of the mississippi melded with the seductive aroma of warm blood flowing through all those mortal veins .
instead , i took a wild stab that it might be the scents of sugary fried beignets and smoky chicory coffee coming from the other side of the street .
unlike the pleasant metallic scent of warm blood , the telltale aroma of vampire stunk like the residue of copper pennies on the skin .
then his sleepy scent hit me .
his scent and his kisses lulled me into a trancelike state .
i wrinkled my nose at the cloying scent wafting up from the cat .
after that , she apologized for the cluttered back seat and the heavy scent of dried herbs permeating the interior .
the breeze brought with it the perfume of entropy that clung to new orleans like a tattered cape .
the sharp scent of browning magnolia leaves , the dank richness of the soil , the heady musk of sex .
the scent of coffee from the mug it held went a long way toward calming me .
the liquid inside was clear , but the astringent scent rose like vapor , making my eyes water .
underneath the fragrant herbs kicked up by the destruction downstairs and the musty odor of old building , the scent of fresh blood and lavender reached my nose .
because barring one of the intruders being fae , there was no other explanation for that telltale lavender scent .
the scent of herb - infused smoke spiced the air .
air rushed through the room , bringing with it the scents of rich soil , black iron , fresh blood- the perfume of the underworld .
air rushed through the room , bringing with it the scents of rich soil , black iron , fresh blood- the perfume of the underworld .
with each breath , the herbal - fresh - purple scent of the lavender oil rhea applied to my temples slowed my pulse .
his sandalwood - and - warm - male scent mixed with the comforting aroma of gun oil .
every sense filled with adam- his sandalwood scent , the hot feel of his skin , the taste of his tongue .
ahead , the rain had stopped , leaving the courtyard heavy with the scent of wet cobblestones and the sharp green scent of plants .
ahead , the rain had stopped , leaving the courtyard heavy with the scent of wet cobblestones and the sharp green scent of plants .
she leaned over me with a swish of silk and the scent of dirty pennies .
the sweet , smoky scent drifted toward me .
surrounding me with his sandalwood scent .
peanut oil droplets and the scent of msg and mystery meats hung heavy in the air .
i sucked in lungfuls of fetid air despite the scent of old mildew and wet cardboard and pine solvent .
normally the soothing scents would have helped me relax , but i was in no mood .
i inhaled again , imagining the scent of the white roses i 'd seen in a vase on the console table just outside the room .
never in my life had i enjoyed the pungent scent of old sweat and vinyl so much .
in addition , the lemony - fresh scent of disinfectant hinted at some recent sanitizing .
when i entered , the scent of stewing meat and herbs wrapped around me like a shawl .
but the overpowering scent of sizzling meat and the expectant glances of my lover and friends suddenly felt stifling .
the warm , damp air intensified the sharp , green scent of leaves and the dark , rich perfume of fertile soil .
the warm , damp air intensified the sharp , green scent of leaves and the dark , rich perfume of fertile soil .
i rubbed it between my fingers , releasing its fresh , green scent .
the smell of adam 's sandalwood and hot male scent .
judging from the strong scent of licorice filling the air , i identified the mystery substance as dried anise pods .
and i definitely hated the smell , a charming perfume of sour trash , hobo piss , and body odor .
the movement ruffled the sheets and stirred up adam 's sandalwood scent .
the heavenly scent of coffee drifted from the machine .
the soothing scent of sage and lavender calmed my nerves .
the taste of his salty skin and the scent of fresh blood made my eyes cross .
the ammonia scent of hartshorn filled the small room .
i closed my eyes and inhaled the sandalwood scent of him .
rhea bent over me , bringing with her a calming herbal scent .
helichrysum , with its musty - sweet straw and honey scent , for unblocking the subconscious and healing old emotional wounds .
my nose filled with my sister 's familiar sandalwood and copper penny scent .
the scent of sandalwood and the feel of adam 's fierce embrace demanded my full attention .
a warm breeze blew through the room , bringing with it the scent of sandalwood and lilies .
i sniffed the bag and was surprised to smell the pleasing scents of rosemary and sage .
erron opened the door , unleashing the scents of hops and barley mixed with the overpowering aroma of unfiltered cigarette smoke .
the interior was lined in wood - cedar , judging from the scent that tickled my nose .
soon , her arms were around me and i breathed in her copper and sandalwood scent .
for once , his sandalwood scent and warmth did n't reach me .
i smelled adam 's sandalwood scent before he grabbed me .
the piney scent perfumed the air .
adam 's sandalwood scent mixed with the air 's salty tang , leaving me thirsty for him .
his sandalwood scent enveloped me .
the tension of my approaching climax , the flavor of adam , the sounds of his moans , the pulse of his hot flesh in my hand , the musky perfume of sex and sandalwood and blood .
the air was scented with the dark perfume of damp earth , pine needles , and the pleasing brackish tang of lake water .
the comforting scent of sandalwood surrounded me .
i kissed his lips , savoring the sandalwood musk of him as it combined with the smoky scent of autumn leaves and the flavor of whisky on his skin .
i only knew he was fae because of the telltale lavender scent rising off his pale skin .
i gave him a hug , and the minute his arms came around me and i sniffed his sandalwood scent , i knew i 'd been an idiot .
he and barabas got out and stood for a second , their faces raised , sampling the scents in the air .
` ` lovely perfume , '' robert noted .
no other scents on the bed . ''
the savory scent of seared meat floated through the air .
i breathed in his scent , familiar and tempting .
the sun shone bright and the air smelled of salt water and the light scent of apricots .
its scent enveloped me .
it all but flew above the ground with preternatural speed , straight at me , pulled by the intoxicating scent of blood .
look at his face and memorize the scents .
the night wind flung the sour stench of decomposing vomit in my face , and a touch of an entirely different scent , syrupy thick , harsh , and cloying .
the scent of vanilla hit me .
curran inhaled next to me , sampling the scent .
if i closed my eyes , i could recall curran 's scent .
i heard him inhale my scent .
a moment later a smelly tongue licked my face , covering my skin with the fine perfume of day - old roadkill .
` ` hey , baby , '' i said into his maw , breathing out to let him inhale my scent .
he inhaled my scent .
the plethora of scents inside helen of troy 's garden had me breathing almost as often as i had before i became a full vampire .
` ` see you when you get back , '' i said , lifting my leg all the way out just to enjoy the heady change in his scent as i soaped it , caressing my skin a little more than necessary .
green began to replace the mahogany in his gaze , his scent richening even further .
a lingering scent of tobacco permeated the walls and carpet , but it was better than the garlicky ganja aroma we 'd surrounded ourselves with at spade 's .
from the coppery scent wafting off her , she had some cuts on her feet from letting us in .
fear , greed , desire , anger , love , sadness ... all those manifested in scents that ranged from sweetly aromatic to bitterly rancid .
scratch repeated the words to the accompaniment of another mouthwatering scent filling the car .
` ` he 's getting dressed , '' she said in a crisp tone while the ammonialike scent of annoyance drifted from her .
i wrapped my arms around him , feeling the weight loss that his clothes concealed , taking in a deep breath that filled my lungs with the scent of antiseptics , sweat , and sickness .
his scent deepened , that blend of burnt sugar and musk tantalizing me with the evidence that he felt the same way i did .
though possibilities lurked there , too ... ` ` let 's , um , go find our reporter friend , '' i said , the words hitching as a breeze made his scent wash over me in a swell of lust - fragranced air .
` ` yeah , well , good thing i ' m not trying to pick up vampires anymore , what with my new stinky perfume , '' i said , hiding a smile .
his natural heady , burnt sugar scent was more reminiscent of kitchen accident than creme br ? llee right now .
my fingers grazed his chest , measuring his reaction in his deepening scent and the thrum of power in the air .
the taste of his skin and his scent was like an aphrodisiac .
` ` i want to drown in your taste and cover myself with your scent . ''
just putting off the inevitable , i knew , but eau de garlique stoner was n't my favorite perfume .
but when i was about twenty yards away , i caught familiar scents on the air , and my tenseness eased .
at least the house was sparkling and the musty scent was gone from the air .
that quickly changed as he glared at them , his rage palpable in his expression and the harsh scent wafting off him .
another scent filled my nose .
now the air began to be flavored with a heady blend of musk , burnt sugar , and spice - bones 's scent , sharper and stronger .
i took in another deep breath , absorbing the intoxicating mixture of scents swirling together .
what an interesting combination of scents .
a heavy scent of smoke hung in the room , in fact .
i tried to choke back my panic , but no matter how bland i kept my expression , the sickly - sour scent permeating from me gave me away .
he took in a long scent of air and blew it out through his nose .
his eyes were swirling green and he inhaled , absorbing the scent of my arousal .
he inhaled , sorting through the bonanza of the evening 's scents to filter what was theirs .
more rich , mouth - watering scent filled the air .
or that while she 'd been in the shower earlier , he 'd lain in her bed just so her scent could wrap all around him .
no , the luxuriant new scent drifting from her said she was feeling anything but cold at the moment .
another sweet wave of scent came off her even as she backed away .
chance licked her harder , faster , glorying in the rich scent of her lust and the fiery wetness slicking his mouth .
there was nothing aside from the hot sweet embrace of her walls , the indescribable rapture of plunging deeper and faster within her , her sweat clinging to his skin , their scents merging into one ... and the twisting spasms of her orgasm that seemed to squeeze his c**k with a thousand tiny hands .
chance had told her often over the past couple weeks how he loved breathing in her scent , even though certain times when he did it , it made her blush .
it was a clean scent that was uniquely his and it was ... intoxicating .
his skin under me had a scent far stronger than i 'd ever noticed .
my god , there are so many scents in this room ... '' out of all the other senses , which were merely heightened , this one was almost completely new .
scents assailed him ; countless perfumes , body odor from all manners of hygiene , food cooking - or rotting in the trash .
bones inhaled deeply , making a mental catalog of the scents .
` ` there 's a feminine scent all over this flat .
he 'd intended it to be only a brief kiss , but she opened her mouth and twined her tongue with his , the scent of desire wafting from her .
chapter 12 underneath the cemetery , the air was damp and cool , with a heavy scent of mildew .
it was a picturesque scene , especially given the beautiful blue - sky october afternoon and the rich , deep , earthy scent of autumn that swirled through the air on the faint breeze .
even though i was more than five hundred feet away from the patio , i could still see the thick clouds of sawdust that puffed out of the open doors and windows and lazily swirled through the air , bringing the harsh scent of paint fumes along with them .
i returned his kiss and inhaled , drawing his rich , metallic scent deep down into my lungs , before he drew back .
the scent of fried food and puffs of warmth that escaped from the restaurants as people moved inside and back out again , greasy sacks of burgers and fries clutched in their hands .
i breathed in , and the scent of smoke and ash drifted over to me , making my chest clench .
i buried my face in his neck , breathing in his rich , metallic scent .
i blinked , sniffing again , realizing there was still a lingering scent dusting both of us that i did n't need a shifter 's nose to smell .
i inhaled heavily , scenting him on many different levels , memorizing his body 's distinct perfume .
and i stilled , realizing king zeller must have caught me instead of letting me drop to my knees in front of him , since i was wrapped in his arms against his heated , hard muscles , his scent engulfed in his warmth .
everything smelled normal , making me feel better ; the scents of those that were supposed to be there were .
christ , his unique spiced scent was steadily intensifying the more turned on he became .
i fairly vibrated where i sat , staring at him as i was , the image replaying of him on top of her , entwined in her arms and legs , so i jumped down , only to jump onto his bed and begin to sniff at it , my tail twitching like mad in my agitation as i picked up the various scents .
he jerked , a brash , deep shout rumbling from him as i sucked , rolling my tongue around the crown , relishing how his scent and taste intensified here .
enveloped in a familiar scent , i blinked up into amused green eyes .
he inhaled deeply , intentionally , as if he were savoring the scent .
inhaling heavily , breathing in his scent , i murmured , ` ` alright . ''
now lying on our sides and facing each other , his scent and mine entwined , just as our limbs did .
suddenly , ezra 's scent wrapped around me , which meant he had definitely arrived , and i felt his heat at my back just as my chair began rolling .
i had no clue who rose was , but obviously her name matched her scent since that was what was wafting from his new garment .
i rubbed my nose , dislodging any dust , and his scent invaded my senses .
i stared at the wafting steam rising off it , the scent of creamy chocolate - my hot chocolate i had asked him to grab for me - filling my nostrils as he tried to give it away .
i shook my head , the scent mixing with his pretty damn deliciously .
i blinked , sniffing his hair again , making sure i had the clinging scent right .
luckily for him , all i smelled was her normal scent , not her sexual fluids .
his delicious scent and rough words enveloped me , and again , i almost forgot my point .
i growled again , fury enveloping me as her scent wafted from his hair to my sensitive nose .
the scent of his possessiveness still hung in the air .
resting my cheek against the top of his head , i inhaled his scent heavily .
his scent enveloped my senses , spiced and heated , his taste just as delicious as our tongues gliding against each other 's .
i yawned , his scent seeping into my pores .
not cigarette smoke , and not the smell of ezra 's scent and tobacco mixed .
i sighed , straightening , and rested back against the door , not holstering my weapon because there were other lingering com scents in the house .
exiting the suv , i sniffed the air , scenting the sizzle of mage magic , a few shifters ' scents , and a whole helping of marijuana .
it also told me this was a refuge of sorts for a variety of mysticals , because there were too many intermingled scents for a simple home dwelling .
ezra tracked me with his eyes as i came to stand next to him , leaning against the wall and letting his heat and scent relax me further .
i sighed , sucking in the scent of fresh pine and grass .
and it was worth it , just for that pure , spicy scent of him .
immediately , i calmed my heart rate but still took in the scents .
i smelled ezra , his spicy scent strong , just like his arms around me in our spooning position .
i also smelled pearl and jack , pearl 's scent the strongest , since she lay on the other side of me .
as i was wrapped in ezra 's warmth and scent , blinding light erupted around us .
profusely , i scented myself , but also antonio , which meant he had rubbed up against me multiple times , maybe carrying me on this ship that i did n't remember boarding ... but ... there was also a spicier scent deep in the threads , barely lingering .
i sniffed long and hard , antonio now watching me closely , and i met his gaze as i held in the scent that was barely there ... but , dammit , i was still unable to remember whose shirt or whose scent this was .
my eyebrows rose as i took in the surroundings , the scents , and tried to focus rationally , past my frantic emotions , to analyze my confusion .
i blinked slowly , remembering there had once been a scent on the man 's grey t - shirt i wore to bed .
inhaling deeply , i smelled his dark , heady flavor , a scent uniquely his own .
i found it unusually easy , my movements becoming even more fluid as we pivoted and arched backward , more whooshes of air flying past us , exterior scents and heat rushing by .
along with our turned on scents , i could smell stress pouring off of all four of us .
inhaling deeper , i found the scent was ... muted .
i choked , trying to get air in , and , suddenly , saw king venclaire , king kincaid , and antonio standing where the bubble had been , their scents flooding the room as i finally inhaled and caught my breath , my eyes wide in shock , my body stunned motionless .
wild scents .
even though we smelled of each other from dancing , this was a different scent entirely , and no amount of grooving on the dance floor could explain the situation away .
while we walked , i gripped rourke 's forearm with my other hand , leaning in to him and drinking up his scent .
it came at me from all points of my body , and strangely , each piece had a different signature , texture , and scent .
i inhaled slowly , taking in his sweet scent .
his delicious scent was driving me out of my mind .
he lowered his head slowly and i let his scent wash over me for the gazillionth time .
i wanted to bathe in his scent .
the scent of cloves ran up my nose and currents of sensations wound up my spine in a delicious tingle .
i inhaled , and her real scent hit me .
his scent was etched like an intricate pattern into every part of my soul in painful detail - the rich , dark cloves mixed with sweet molasses - almost as if i smelled him right now .
my eyes watered as her floral perfume snuck up my nose .
but under all that manufactured smell , i took in her real scent and smiled in spite of myself .
my nose was struggling to get through all the freesia perfume .
` ` dad and james both have the same particular scent underlay .
i also smell animals and the scents are mixing .
his scent still rocked us , making us distracted .
i lowered my face to his , inhaling his rich scent .
he was grinning and his scent washed over me for the millionth time .
the scent pleased me as i wiggled beneath the low branches , concealing myself completely .
i pushed it open and inhaled an unfamiliar scent .
a wild , earthy scent flooded my senses like a sweet , inviting offer .
i groaned at his rich scent , pressing my nose and lips into him as far as they would go , inhaling deeply .
i sampled the air , but there were still too many other lingering scents in my living room from last night .
her scent , i quickly found after i separated out the myriad other smells , was equal parts eucalyptus and lime .
her signature scent of fresh lavender wafted up my nose , making me smile in spite of the situation .
the leather was tinged with the scent of oil , along with sweat and delicious cloves .
i jumped up , my anger wiping away the last tendrils of whatever scent of his that had lingered in my mind .
his mouth felt hot against my lips ; his strange , wonderful scent pouring over me in waves , making my whole body ache with need .
his delicious scent was overpowering me and i let it .
his scent is still inside me , driving me crazy .
she sniffed the air , and as she did , our snout absorbed the scents around us .
the peach smell , obviously his signature scent , would n't have meant much to me as a human , and he 'd definitely stayed clear of me since .
he must have had a lackey deliver my new set of door keys , because i would ' ve picked up the peach scent if he had brought them himself .
lifting his head , he sniffed the wind , his nostrils taking in the scent of cool damp earth and the underlying stink of decay , the wood smoke rising from a chimney , trees and flowers and the myriad other smells and odors associated with mankind , but nothing out of the ordinary .
smiling , vicki sat up and took a deep breath and in so doing , she breathed in his scent .
but no , she could still smell his scent in her room .
the lights were low , the music loud , the air thick with the combined smells of perfume and perspiration , lust and alcohol .
but her image danced in his mind , the womanly scent of her hair and skin lingered in his nostrils .
he closed his eyes , imagining what it would be like to take victoria into his arms , to inhale her scent , to taste the salty sweetness of her skin , hear the accelerated beat of her heart as he took his first taste ... with a low growl , he thrust the image aside .
he followed a pretty brunette for several blocks , inhaling her scent , whetting his appetite .
he listened to the beat of her heart , his nostrils filling with the sweet scent of her life 's blood .
it mingled with the scent of toothpaste and shampoo , soap and deodorant .
the air was thick with the scent of rain , damp earth , and moss .
the scent of french fries filled the air , making her stomach growl again .
her taste lingered on his tongue , his nostrils filled with the scent of her , warm and womanly and ripe for the taking ... she looked up at him , her expression slightly dazed , her lips swollen and slightly parted .
her scent reached his nostrils .
the fragrance of her hair and skin teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood spoke to his hunger .
she could taste him and touch him , hear his voice , inhale his heady masculine scent .
her scent filled his nostrils ; her image was constantly in his mind .
an indrawn breath carried her scent to him .
the air was fragrant with the scent of hundreds of flower petals that were spread on the bedspread and over the floor .
swinging her into his arms , antonio carried her swiftly into the castle and up the stairs , his nostrils filling with the fragrant scent of her skin and her hair .
the air was fragrant with the scent of night - blooming jasmine and honeysuckle .
her scent flooded his nostrils .
it was the almost overpowering scent of the warm crimson tide flowing sweetly through her veins , the tantalizing beat of her heart .
colors increased in brightness and depth , his nostrils filled with a thousand scents , most of which were alien to him .
her scent drifted to him , reminding him again that he had not had a woman in three hundred years .
he glanced around when they reached the third floor , his nostrils wrinkling with distaste at the stink of so many bodies occupying the same enclosed space , the myriad odors and scents that emanated from the food booths .
he poked around in her medicine cabinet , tried her blow - dryer , smelled her perfume and her toothpaste and her hand cream .
his senses had been assaulted by the numerous scents inside the theater .
and overall , the scent of blood pumping through hundreds of beating hearts , playing like a sweet symphony in his mind .
it was smoky and dimly lit , filled with the scent of perspiration , alcohol , and lust .
he took a deep breath and the scent of the woman filled his nostrils .
he murmured her name , felt his senses reach out across endless time and space , homing in on the unique scent of her blood , the slow , steady beat of her heart .
an indrawn breath carried the fragrance of her hair and skin , the tantalizing scent of her life 's blood .
outside , rourke took a deep breath , his vampire senses sifting through the myriad scents and smells that lingered in the air in front of karinna 's house until he detected a whiff of ana luisa 's unique scent .
he sat there a moment , enjoying the scent and feel of fine leather before he started the car .
she took a deep breath , smiling as her nostrils filled with the scent of freshly baked sugar cookies .
and the soap -- it came in so many colors and scents .
he had n't told karinna how much he had missed the warmth of it , the taste of it , the tantalizing scent of it , or how it filled all the cold , empty places inside him .
a faint breeze carried the scent of damp grass and vegetation .
he swore again as a vagrant breeze carried the scent of her blood to his nostrils .
each breath carried her scent to his nostrils , reminding him of the nights they had spent together , the fervent kisses they had shared .
rourke swirled the liquid in his glass , his nostrils filling with the scent of cherry , plum , and vanilla .
his nostrils filled with her scent as soon as he stepped inside .
she took a breath and her nostrils filled with dozens of scents .
he took a deep breath as the intoxicating scent of her blood was carried to him on an errant breeze .
the scent of her blood was tantalizing , more so now that he had tasted her .
his scent tickled her nostrils .
as the sun grew higher , he sought his lair , his senses still filled with the sweet scent of her skin , the warmth of her cheek beneath his hand .
with his preternatural senses , he was all too aware of her- the scent of her hair and perfume , the warmth of her skin , the ever - present allure of her blood .
with his preternatural senses , he was all too aware of her- the scent of her hair and perfume , the warmth of her skin , the ever - present allure of her blood .
an in - drawn breath brought him the scent of trees and grass and sun - warmed earth .
his nostrils filled with the scent of her hair and skin .
her scent permeated his clothing , lingered on his skin , on his tongue .
his senses were quickly overcome with the myriad scents and sounds that filled the air .
her scent clung to his clothing .
he shook his head , his nostrils filling with the scent of apples and cinnamon , sugar and flour .
he tried to shut out the cacophony of beating hearts , the myriad odors that rose from the people around him , the smell of popcorn , soda , candy , nachos and cheese , the whispers and giggles , the scent of lust emanating from the teenage boy in the next row , his own growing desire for the woman beside him .
due to his preternatural senses , he was ever aware of the hundreds of scents and sounds that surrounded him , but out here , in the open , they were less intense .
each breath he took carried the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood , the light flowery fragrance of her perfume , the strawberry scent of her shampoo .
each breath he took carried the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood , the light flowery fragrance of her perfume , the strawberry scent of her shampoo .
each breath he took carried the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood , the light flowery fragrance of her perfume , the strawberry scent of her shampoo .
he ran his fingers through the rich fall of her hair , breathed in the all too human scent of her .
too agitated to remain still , he went upstairs where he paced the halls , his senses focused on the woman sleeping below - the barely audible beat of her heart , the lingering scent of her perfume , the remembered taste of her life 's nectar on his tongue .
too agitated to remain still , he went upstairs where he paced the halls , his senses focused on the woman sleeping below - the barely audible beat of her heart , the lingering scent of her perfume , the remembered taste of her life 's nectar on his tongue .
he drew a deep breath , inhaling the scent of her hair , her skin , her very essence .
her scent still lingered in the air .
his nostrils filled with the scent of her blood , arousing his hunger .
she was back in the city now , her senses again flooded with sights and sounds and the scents of those around her .
his scent was here , so strong in her nostrils that she glanced over her shoulder to see if he had suddenly appeared in the room .
for ronan , in that moment in time , everything else on earth ceased to exist and he was aware of nothing but the woman in his arms , the sweetness of her mouth , the press of her body against his , the silk of her gown beneath his hand , the musky scent of her perfume .
for ronan , in that moment in time , everything else on earth ceased to exist and he was aware of nothing but the woman in his arms , the sweetness of her mouth , the press of her body against his , the silk of her gown beneath his hand , the musky scent of her perfume .
even now , her scent lingered in his nostrils , the warm sweet scent of woman , the flowery fragrance of her cologne , the deeper , more compelling scent of her life 's blood .
even now , her scent lingered in his nostrils , the warm sweet scent of woman , the flowery fragrance of her cologne , the deeper , more compelling scent of her life 's blood .
even now , her scent lingered in his nostrils , the warm sweet scent of woman , the flowery fragrance of her cologne , the deeper , more compelling scent of her life 's blood .
santiago was about to turn back toward the park when miss delaney 's delightful scent surrounded him , a fragrance that was more than the mere blending of soap and toothpaste and cologne .
it was the unique scent of her skin and hair , the female essence of the woman herself .
he inhaled the scent of sand and seaweed , heard the breakers wash upon the shore , the screech of gulls overhead .
her scent enveloped him , her nearness aroused him .
chapter 7 santiago stood on the balcony of his apartment , enjoying the moonlight while savoring the sounds and smells of the night - the faint hum of a small white moth doing a dance of death with a streetlight , the rich earthy scent of dew - damp grass and flowering trees .
every breath he took carried the scent of her hair , her skin , her life 's blood .
he was aware of every breath she took , every beat of her heart , the faint , flowery scent of her hair , her skin .
she needed a change of clothes , needed to check her messages , sleep in her own bed , and breathe air that did n't carry his hot , masculine scent to her with every breath .
the air was pungent with cigarette smoke and sweat that no amount of cologne or perfume could mask .
the scent of roasting meat reminded her that she had n't had anything to eat or drink since early afternoon .
nearing the outskirts of the village , santiago heard the slow , steady beat of a drum , smelled the slightly nauseating scent of roasting buffalo meat and the acrid odor of smoke curling from numerous cookfires .
the breeze shifted , carrying regan 's scent to his nostrils .
fainter , but just as easily identified were the lingering scents of her shampoo and the soap she used to wash her clothes .
there was nothing in all the world but the woman in his arms , the touch of her skin , the scent of her hair , the fire in her kiss .
the scent of her blood tantalized his nostrils , stirring his other desire .
a hundred different scents inundated her nostrils , among them the fecund smell of the forest and the animals that dwelled within it , from the jackrabbit trembling in the underbrush to the owl that swooped overhead .
the pillow was redolent with santiago 's scent .
he took a deep breath , drawing in her scent .
picking up the pillow santiago had slept on , she took a deep breath , her nostrils filling with his scent .
same hair , same perfume , same lipstick . ''
her perfume surrounded him , cutting through the cloud of smoke and perspiration that hung in the air .
he stood there a moment , inhaling the fragrance of her hair and skin , the alluring scent of her blood , appreciating the beauty of her face and form .
his steps slowed as he neared her apartment , his nostrils filling with a familiar , unwelcome scent .
she took a deep breath and santiago 's scent was borne to her on the evening breeze , and then she saw him striding toward her .
his hands clenched as the warm , sweet coppery scent of her blood filled his nostrils .
the scent of her blood flowed warm and red in her veins , promising instant relief from the agony that engulfed him .
gideon 's nostrils twitched as he inhaled the female 's scent .
she smelled of perfume and fear and something he knew instinctively was a drug of some kind , which explained how she had come to be here .
the enticing scent of her blood , the rapid beating of her heart , overshadowed everything else .
he took the male quickly , the female more slowly , his whole being focused on the woman in his arms , the scent of her hair and skin , the warmth of her blood quenching his thirst .
the lingering scents of bread , bacon , eggs , roast beef , french fries , orange juice , and coffee hung in the air .
gideon leaned forward , his eyes narrowing as the wind shifted , carrying with it a scent he would never forget .
blue smoke rose in the air , and with it the scents of sage and sweetgrass .
sailing over the fence , kay forgot , momentarily , how unhappy she was , forgot everything but the damp feel of the earth beneath her feet , the touch of the wind in her face , the myriad scents that assailed her nostrils as she ran .
when she went inside , the myriad scents of food and drink , perspiration , cologne , and shampoo , were almost overpowering .
she basked in the feel of the damp earth beneath the sensitive pads of her feet , the myriad scents carried to her by the wind , the beauty of the night as seen through the wolf 's eyes .
the scent of her mother 's favorite perfume lingered in the air .
the scent of her mother 's favorite perfume lingered in the air .
he smelled of sandalwood and leather , two scents she knew she would forever associate with him in the future .
a deep breath carried the scent of strawberry shampoo and warm , womanly flesh with an underlying scent of musk that told him she was as aroused as he .
a deep breath carried the scent of strawberry shampoo and warm , womanly flesh with an underlying scent of musk that told him she was as aroused as he .
closing his eyes , he breathed in her scent .
his scent tickled her nostrils as she hung up a long black cloak reminiscent of the type dracula always wore in movies .
erik followed daisy into the living room , beguiled by the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood .
or three or four , he thought , his hunger rising as his nostrils filled with the mingled scents of warm blood and desire that filled the air .
he was going to miss her company and her conversation , the scent of her shampoo , the sound of her laughter , the sexual awareness that flowed between them .
his hunger stirred as the scent of blood drifted on the wind .
a deep breath brought a familiar scent to his nostrils , and a smile to his lips .
the scent of his blood teased erik 's nostrils , tempting him to take what little blood the man had left .
the way her body molded itself to his , the intoxicating taste of her lips , the womanly scent of her skin , and yes , her blood , warm and sweet , unlike anything he had ever had before .
the sound of too many beating hearts , the scent of warm blood combined with the unpleasant odors of so much food , played havoc with his senses and his self - control .
the lighting was dim , the air filled with the scent of beating hearts and the smell of fresh blood .
he sat on the bed beside her , his nostrils flaring at the scent of musk and perfume .
he sat on the bed beside her , his nostrils flaring at the scent of musk and perfume .
he paced back and forth across the driveway , then closed his eyes , sorting through the myriad scents of gasoline , trees , and grass until he located the truck 's singular smell .
tomas breathed in the lush scent of blood .
erik brushed a kiss across her cheek , marveling at the sweetness of her scent , the warm silk of her skin .
the rich , sweet , coppery scent of hot fresh blood filled the air , so thick , so rich , erik could almost taste it on his tongue .
her scent teased his nostrils , the rapid beat of her heart was like thunder in his ears as she picked the lock on the silver shackles that bound him .
closing his eyes , he took a deep breath , then spat out a string of curses as two familiar scents mingled with delacourt 's .
thrusting his hands into his pants pockets , he took a deep breath as two familiar scents reached his nostrils .
tomas drew in a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the scent of surf and sand .
he took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the clean scent of jasmine , the musky scent of a young female .
he took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the clean scent of jasmine , the musky scent of a young female .
after rolling down the window , he sniffed the air , sorting through the myriad scents that swirled through it for the one he sought .
and in that moment , as her scent enveloped him , he knew that , for better or worse , he wanted more from megan delacey than her life 's blood .
but now his nostrils filled with a different scent .
the band had been playing for about an hour when rhys detected the acrid scent of smoke .
closing his eyes , he opened his senses , basking in the feel of the woman in his arms , the flowery perfume of her hair , the musky scent of her skin .
closing his eyes , he opened his senses , basking in the feel of the woman in his arms , the flowery perfume of her hair , the musky scent of her skin .
warm and womanly , she carried the fragrance of flowers in her hair , the musky scent of sex - hers and his - on her skin .
the fragrance of her hair and skin surrounded him , the scent of her blood drugged his senses .
he nuzzled the back of her neck , his senses filling with her unique scent , making it easy to ignore everyone else .
he could smell the enticing scent of her hair and skin , hear the siren call of her heartbeat .
the scent of their blood was intoxicating .
with a rueful shake of his head , he continued to stroll along the city streets , enjoying the cool kiss of the night air , the faint scent of the sea carried to him by an errant breeze .
she slipped into a pair of white pants and a blue silk shirt , brushed her hair , applied her makeup , spritzed herself with perfume , and went downstairs .
her scent tickled his nostrils and teased his desire .
leaning forward , he inhaled her scent , then kissed her cheek .
with her enhanced senses , she was acutely aware of everything around her - the tangy scent of the salt air , the gentle rocking of the boat , the sound of waves lapping against the hull .
sitting up , she hugged rhys 's pillow to her chest , then buried her face in its softness , inhaling his unique scent .
she took a deep breath , and her nostrils filled with the scent of the ocean .
oh , not the details , but shirl 's scent was strong in the air , as was villagrande 's .
the smell of blood and scorched flesh mingled with the scent of sea and salt , making her stomach churn .
the flowery scent of her perfume mingled with her own unique scent , teasing his senses .
the flowery scent of her perfume mingled with her own unique scent , teasing his senses .
the flowery scent of her perfume mingled with her own unique scent , teasing his senses .
even with walls and windows separating them , he could detect the flowery perfume of her hair , the warm , womanly scent that was uniquely hers .
even with walls and windows separating them , he could detect the flowery perfume of her hair , the warm , womanly scent that was uniquely hers .
the vibrant , coppery scent aroused vivid images in his mind - images of the two of them in bed , her body writhing beneath his , her voice crying his name .
` ` it 's a sweet , musky scent , guaranteed to drive a man wild . ''
the coppery scent of fresh blood wafted through the air , warm and fragrant .
the scent of sea and sand was strong , accented by the sound of waves endlessly rushing to the shore .
materializing inside the great hall , drake moved unerringly toward the high - backed damask sofa in front of the hearth , his nostrils filling with the combined scents of lavender soap , peppermint toothpaste , and salty perspiration tinged with fear .
and over all , the intoxicating scent of woman .
there was no fire in the hearth , no noise or scent of food coming from the kitchen .
she inhaled and his scent filled her nostrils .
for a moment , she tried to place it , but it was an earthy , musky scent like nothing she had experienced before .
a shift in the wind carried the faint fragrance of her perfume .
the air was warm , fragrant with the scent of night - blooming flowers .
the beat of her heart was music to his ears , the scent of her skin more fragrant than the primroses that grew in the garden , the heat of her body a welcome warmth against his own cool flesh .
murmuring , ` ` good night , wife , '' he kissed her cheek , then ran his tongue along the side of her throat , teasing himself with the taste of her skin , the scent of her blood .
the musty scent of rot and decay rose up to meet her .
the scent of her warm , living blood called to him , enflaming his hunger , promising an end to his pain .
he grunted softly as her clean feminine scent filled his nostrils .
elena brushed her hair until it shone like ebony , brushed her teeth , sprayed herself with perfume , and told herself she was n't the least bit nervous .
drake pulled her close and she clung to him , memorizing the feel of his hard - muscled body against hers , the scent that was his alone .
he gathered her close , a sense of peace stealing over him as he inhaled the scent of her hair and skin , heard the familiar beat of her heart , tasted her lips with his own .
the scent of her blood , the need to taste her , was driving him crazy .
the scent of his cologne tickled her nostrils , his very nearness was intoxicating , as was the scent of his blood .
a warm breeze , carrying the fecund scent of earth and foliage , rustled the leaves of the trees .
the combined scents made her stomach curl with pleasure .
the air was warm , fragrant with the scent of kaitlyn 's perfume , with the heady scent of the woman herself .
the air was warm , fragrant with the scent of kaitlyn 's perfume , with the heady scent of the woman herself .
the air was warm , fragrant with the scent of kaitlyn 's perfume , with the heady scent of the woman herself .
he took another breath , committing the scent to memory , before making his way up to the front porch .
her skin was warm and smooth , her hair fragrant with the scent of honeysuckle , her lips soft and pliable .
he regarded her for stretched seconds , the taste of her still warm on his lips , her scent permeating his senses .
had he been in corporeal form , zack was sure his mouth would have been watering , not from the smell of the food , but from the enticing scent of the woman .
as they climbed the stairs , he caught the sound of excited conversation and laughter , and the scent of ... buttered popcorn ?
even the air seemed to smell different , fragrant with the scent of foliage and earth and meadow .
the scent of fresh blood moving through veins and arteries , the rhythmic beating of hearts , jolted through her like electricity .
the scent of fresh warm blood drifted in the air , making kaitlyn 's mouth water .
her nostrils filled with the scent of mold and dust and ... nadiya .
after drying off , she applied her makeup and a dash of perfume , then spent the next twenty minutes trying to decide what to wear .
her musky scent filled his nostrils as his fangs pierced her tender flesh .
being close to her again , inhaling her scent , was like being reborn .
the coppery scent surrounded her ; when she breathed it in , her lips peeled back , revealing a pair of sharp white fangs .
there are plenty of the same kind of products being sold , but most have scents added - something most humans do n't mind and the others do . ''
contentment filled him as he breathed in the scent of her .
the girls ' stinky perfume had almost masked the scent of poop .
he sat back on his heels to bring his face closer to this new , delightful scent .
simon stretched out on top of meg , his face pressed into her sweet belly , where he could breathe in all those delicious scents .
familiar scents and sounds , but nothing that said meg to him .
intoxicating scent , that blood .
and the scent of her on his clothes was a comfort .
no , it did n't matter to him if there was a fancy car , but someone was going to feel elliot 's wrath - and his teeth - when lakeside 's consul found out he 'd been relegated to regular passenger cars with all the stinky smells while human government officials rode in this special car that had the pleasing scent of leather and food whenever you wanted it .
it still held her scent and looked untouched , as if they 'd been waiting to lock her back in that place .
he was sure now that she had n't cut herself , but there was a little bit of her flavor woven through the rest of the scents .
he was n't quite sure how she managed to end up halfway on top of him , but he did n't mind feeling the weight of her or her breath ruffling his fur or being surrounded by the comforting scent of her skin .
the scent of peppermint rose from the mug .
the two breathed in each other 's scent and seemed satisfied .
he leaned closer , breathing in the scent of her .
and he liked that she was wearing something that carried his scent .
his hands fisted in the material that held meg 's scent .
keeping his head against her arm , he breathed in the scents that were meg .
no unfamiliar scents .
as the scent of her blood faded , replaced by the familiar scents of his own den , simon 's anger also faded .
now she gave her clothes and body a light spritz of the floral scent the others associated with asia crane because she always wore that scent when she went into howling good reads or a little bite .
now she gave her clothes and body a light spritz of the floral scent the others associated with asia crane because she always wore that scent when she went into howling good reads or a little bite .
her eyes glazed and her body suddenly had the scent of a different , and enticing , kind of arousal .
when he was alone with the troublesome female who kept him confused , simon leaned close enough to feel her breath on his face , to breathe in her scent .
the smell , the coppery scent , filled the room and almost made kylie gag .
and there was the woodsy scent that she registered .
should have known that part of the scent of home that had welcomed her , was his essence .
a certain woodsy scent of the person sitting next to her suddenly filled her senses .
opening her eyes , the sweet floral scent tickled her senses .
the coppery scent of blood filled her senses .
she inhaled and tried to find the scents in the air besides the spicy male soap that filled her nose .
as she walked inside her cabin , she breathed in the scents of home - the smell of miranda 's fruity shampoo , and her scented candles .
she inhaled the green scent of the forest , and she knew .
kylie inhaled the verdant scent of the trees and the moist earth .
the sweet scent made her smile .
his scent , a wonderfully earthy smell , seemed to take up residence in her cabin .
the berry scent filled her nose .
suddenly , the soft verdant scent filled her nose .
the warmth of his arm did feel good , and being this close , close enough to get a good whiff of his natural scent to chase away the scent of garlic , did n't feel so bad , either .
all the vampires in the room , including herself , breathed in the sweet scent .
her throat knotted at the smell , the smell of death and then a heavy herb scent .
pushing up with her arms , breathing in the scent of moist dirt below her , she stared at the spirit looming over her .
so close that she could smell his scent - a scent that reminded her of how the dew - kissed woods smelled first thing in the morning .
so close that she could smell his scent - a scent that reminded her of how the dew - kissed woods smelled first thing in the morning .
while it had stopped raining , the scent of rain still clung to her clothes and hair .
her lungs worked overtime as she fed them wood - scented air that still carried the scent of rain .
when he stopped beside her , his natural scent filled the air and she could feel her pulse flutter from his nearness .
with scents of pizza and blood no longer perfuming the air , lucas 's own scent stood out and mingled with the woodsy scent of the night air .
with scents of pizza and blood no longer perfuming the air , lucas 's own scent stood out and mingled with the woodsy scent of the night air .
with scents of pizza and blood no longer perfuming the air , lucas 's own scent stood out and mingled with the woodsy scent of the night air .
lucas returned , bringing with him a scent of smoke , and stood by kylie 's side .
she breathed in the scents of summer , the greenness of the forest , the heady aroma of dry earth .
she smiled at him , breathing in his scent and loving being close .
just the sweet floral scent .
once he 'd gone , she leaned back in bed , stared at the ceiling , and just breathed in the scent of roses , trying to remember every word he 'd said .
as the liquid slid down her throat , the smell of old pennies vanished , replaced with a spicy fruity scent .
his clean , spicy scent filled her nose at the same time his arms wrapped protectively around her .
even the air became fragranced with the spicy scent of plants , hinted with the floral aroma of wildflowers .
his skin glowed a bit , and he smelled a little like sunshine , as if he 'd soaked up all the good scents from his hike .
the ripe berry scent .
that 's when she recognized the sweet berry scent .
the rich berry scent that she now knew as blood filled her nose .
he stepped closer and his scent , woodsy and rich , invaded her air .
but his nearness - his woodsy scent , the feel of his lips against her skin - sent a hundred butterflies into full flutter mode .
she recognized trey 's voice before she did his broad shoulders or his unique masculine scent .
and standing this close , his clean , masculine scent fil ed her airways .
* * * kylie had n't thought she could eat , but when the warm , spicy scent of pizza hit her nose , she realized how little she 'd eaten al day .
kylie inhaled , fearing the stench , but only the scent of the woods , of moist earth and green vegetation fil ed her nose .
fear froze her lungs as the coppery scent of blood fil ed her nose .
breathing in the scent of burning wood and charred marshmal ows from the sticks of several campers , kylie fought emotional overload .
she rested her head on the nice spot between his shoulder and chest and just breathed in his scent .
his natural scent worked its way into her senses .
inhaling his familiar scent , she closed her eyes .
somehow its scent leaked out of the plastic and filled her nose .
his scent , part musk , part mint , invaded her air .
she breathed in a mouthful of early morning air and it came with his scent : mint , some kind of herbs , and sunshine .
he bumped her knuckles with his wet nose and breathed in her scent .
his smell , a tangy , earthy scent mixed with the aroma of fresh wind , filled her senses .
the scent of banana ice cream floated up from the soles of her shoes .
her next breath , she caught the scent of spicy male soap , and found herself wondering why she had n't bothered to change clothes .
the smell of perfume and shampoo , obviously natasha 's , filled the air .
then chase 's scent , spicy male soap and outdoors , filled della 's senses .
his scent filtered up her nose and tugged on her memory bank .
mixed in the musky scent , she picked up another odor .
she could smell him , the outdoorsy scent of wind and some natural herbs .
not ... a shadow falls member , but this was n't the first time she 'd inhaled this certain scent .
he stood so close his scent filled the air ; his eyes , brown with some gold highlights , filled her vision .
the only scents she drew in were natural scents : the damp forest ground , and the smell of fall - that earthly smell of the leaves losing the battle to hold on to life , and turning from green to golds , reds , and oranges .
the only scents she drew in were natural scents : the damp forest ground , and the smell of fall - that earthly smell of the leaves losing the battle to hold on to life , and turning from green to golds , reds , and oranges .
she inhaled , her nose picking up new scents ... animals .
then the laughter in his eyes and his special spicy scent sealed the deal .
between the garlic smell and steve 's spicy scent , she caught the scent of ... animals .
when the scent filled her nose , her breath caught .
the scent of woods and trees , adorned in fall colors and preparing to shed their leaves , filled her nose .
she turned her head and breathed in the scent .
while they were still colorful cut from their vines , the scent of their upcoming death made della question the custom of floral arrangements .
she inhaled to catch any scent .
she took in another breath , checking the night air for scents .
chase 's scent filled her nose - a scent that again tickled her memory .
chase 's scent filled her nose - a scent that again tickled her memory .
except that this close , his scent filled her nose .
della asked , now knowing that the perfume on steve 's shirt had n't been from an accidental touch .
the same spicy scent of male soap and the natural aroma of male skin that had surrounded her when they kissed was again filling her senses and messing with her head .
this close , she could smell him ... . again she remembered his scent when he 'd held her and flown like the wind .
lifting her face , she inhaled , wanting it to be a certain scent .
a funny kind of scent wafted in his direction , very light and floral , even sweet .
he sniffed the air , and drew more of the flowery scent into his nostrils , which in turn invaded his brain .
the scent filtered through her nostrils and began to drift into other parts of her body .
she felt naked beneath his gaze , and the stream of his scent thickened as he took several steps toward the risers .
a wave of her delicate floral scent hit him , and his breath caught .
her perfume affected the nerves in his body .
the perfume wafted in , and a new fire lit up his brain .
he stared into large , dark blue eyes , her light floral scent still swirling in his head and fracturing his thoughts .
he had to taste her , to see if the floral scent also had a flavor , and it did .
` ` i caught this wonderful scent , almost like chocolate , but very male . ''
but as she looked into his eyes , the power of the breh - hedden began to descend on her once more , especially as another wave of his erotic chocolate scent swamped her .
her light floral scent , so familiar , began to waft over him and now a second problem surfaced .
his rich scent had thickened the air near her so that desire once more , always ready to take her over , stroked her br**sts and the sweet spot between her legs .
as she walked up the ramp , he sent , you have the most wonderful floral scent , which you are shedding in waves right now , and you ' ve got me worked up .
her scent rose in clouds around her .
he was n't far behind , his thoughts apparently matching her own since his bitter chocolate scent suffused the air .
his chocolate scent wafted over her nose , drifted inside , and began filtering through her brain .
maybe more than even his beautiful scent , or how built he was , that small expression of concern did her in .
her winglocks released fluids so that more of her scent reached him , that sweet , almost familiar floral scent that he could n't quite place .
her winglocks released fluids so that more of her scent reached him , that sweet , almost familiar floral scent that he could n't quite place .
your scent is flowing from you .
that , and his smoky , chocolate scent had started flowing in her direction .
she turned to him , her eyes dilated , her scent perfuming the air .
` ` oh , this is heaven because your scent is all over the leather . ''
being inside her , with her scent rich in his nostrils , her wetness easing every stroke , all of it worked his wing - locks .
since he shed his bitter chocolate scent , and her body responded , she leaned in and kissed him .
he set her down on the bed , her light floral scent teasing him all over again , reminding him that what he had with vela belonged to just a handful of ascenders .
her scent now suffused the air ; the breh - hedden at its best .
i have your scent in my nose and i swear it feeds straight into my brain and makes me dizzy and weak .
samuel 's grayle power , as his body shed all that smoky mist , swirling around her , thickening his bitter chocolate scent .
with that , he kissed her and because he caught her floral scent , still an enigma , and because he could feel the pleasure his c**k gave her , he began to move once more inside her , rocking his hips in a rhythm as old as time .
the door opened , a customer came out , and a familiar scent wafted beneath his nose arousing things that should n't be aroused in a public arena .
he liked this scent too damn much .
standing across the room , by the window , and in full daylight , she started stripping for him , slowly as the candles combined with her scent and flooded the room .
trista said , spritzing her with perfume .
the scent filled her body and her mind .
her scent overtook him and he craved her blood .
if they saw her sitting in her room with a perfect face of makeup and smelling like perfume they would know she was up to something .
she put the finishing touches on her makeup and gave herself two spritzes of her ck 1 perfume .
the scent of her assailed him as julian buried his face in her hair .
she savored in his scent of spices and power as she allowed herself to simply be here in this moment .
devon could n't see the damage that had been done to joey , but the tantalizing scent of blood hung heavily in the air .
she tried to focus on his scent and heat as his hand pressed more firmly against her .
the potent scent of liquor and beer permeated the room , beneath that was the pleasant smell of food , especially buffalo tenders .
cassie 's nose wrinkled as she caught a whiff of the pungent scent of the tequila .
the heady scent of hunter blood drifted up to her .
he placed his hand over the spot where her heart used to beat so freely and inhaled her sweet , intoxicating scent as he leaned closer to her .
devon froze in mid step when he picked up on a fresh scent wafting through the air .
she inhaled his scent as she savored in the feel of him pressed against her .
the delightful scent of him , and the comforting feel of his chubby arms , caused more tears to slide down her face as she hugged him against her .
it was not the same sweet scent that he remembered .
she smiled at him so beautifully that he forgot all about the strange scent clinging to her , and his worry over julian .
cassie squeezed devon 's hand again , seeking reassurance as she leaned her head against his chest to savor in the scent of him .
the sweet scent of food caused cassie 's stomach to rumble in hungry response .
her mouth watered as the scent of the bubbling cheese filled the air .
his nostrils flared suddenly and she could almost feel him inhaling her scent .
she could smell the tangy scent of his blood in the room .
and then , the scent of her blood seemed to penetrate the thick fog of his fury .
` ` yes , '' she agreed softly , stifling a yawn as she nuzzled closer to him , savoring in the wonderfully masculine scent of him .
he pulled cassie closer , savoring in her sweet scent as he nuzzled her hair gently .
he nuzzled her hair gently , savoring in the sweet scent of her .
bringing her close to him , he buried his face in her hair , savoring in the delicious scent of her .
instead , he nuzzled her neck gently , relishing in the smell of her delicious scent .
devon bent closer to her , inhaling her scent as his blood flowed into her , slowly replacing the scent of the monsters that had fed from her .
he held her against his chest for a moment , his nose buried in her hair as he inhaled her scent deeply .
the scent of cassie 's tears was sharp in the room as she hurried to chris , enveloping him in a tight hug .
most people were still asleep , though the scent of brewing coffee was beginning to fill the air .
he followed chris into the boys locker room though , wrinkling his nose at the heavy scent of sweat and body odor that filled the large , blue tiled room .
rocking her slowly , he simply clung to her as she cried , kissing her head gently , burying his nose in the wonderful scent of her hair .
devon took it , catching the lingering scent of cassie upon it as he fingered the white envelope a moment before slipping it into his pocket .
for a moment the beast in him reared to fierce life , hunger sprang forth as the sweet scent assailed him .
her head rested against his shoulder , the heady scent of her filled his nostrils .
he kissed her forehead lightly , savoring in her sweet scent .
the constriction in her chest eased as she inhaled his familiar , enticing scent .
burying his face in her hair , he tried to focus on the sweet scent of fruit and spices she emitted , and not the luring scent of her powerful blood .
burying his face in her hair , he tried to focus on the sweet scent of fruit and spices she emitted , and not the luring scent of her powerful blood .
cassie smiled softly at him as she bent to kiss him , loving the wonderful feel and scent of him as she lost herself to the bliss that he offered her .
they had a musty scent that was neither pleasant , nor unpleasant , but simply hung heavily in the air .
dark clouds had rolled in , the wind had picked up , and the air carried the scent of snow upon it .
his gaze darted over the crowd as he searched for cassie , but he did n't see her , and he could n't smell the delicious scent that she emitted in waves .
the scent of her tears stopped his rushing , heedless movements .
the sweet scent of her blood had slammed into him , causing his mouth to water and his body to burn with the fierce hunger that engulfed him .
he was well aware of the delicious scent that wafted from her skin and hair .
the air was heavy with the scent of ozone as the sky split open and a deluge of rain fell upon them .
his scent engulfed her , filling her nostrils with the smell of fresh air tinted with the crisp hint of spices .
it was a scent she had grown used to , and she welcomed it with every fiber of her being .
her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him , the beat of her heart pounded in his ears , instantly arousing the hunger that was ever present whenever she was near .
she rested her head on his shoulder , savoring in his scent as he gently caressed her hair .
the wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air .
bending over her , he pressed her close to him , nuzzling her gently as he inhaled her wonderfully delicious scent .
the sweet scent of her assailed him as he nuzzled her briefly , savoring in the feel of her .
david would n't look at them ; jack could smell the scent of tears in the air as his head bowed and his shoulders shook slightly .
her nose wrinkled , she tried to block out the scents around her , but it was impossible .
all the smells and scents that drifted over him were familiar .
he heard the river moments before the fresh scent of water washed over him .
he 'd tried to destroy anything that held her exquisite scent on it , anything she may have touched , but he had n't been able to bring himself to ruin it all .
even though he was struck by the harsh scent , beneath it all he could smell aria 's potent , more delicious scent .
for a moment he could n't move as her scent overwhelmed him .
the sweet scent of his blood swirled up to fill her nostrils .
he inhaled her sweet scent , savoring in it as he allowed it to soothe some of the tension in him .
she rested her head against his chest , closing her eyes she savored in the delicious scent of him and the sense of security that enveloped her .
instead , she took her time , savoring in the feel of the bark and the scent of the tree as it wrapped her in the security of childhood memories .
she could smell the sweet scent of his blood as it wafted out of him .
it was delicious , enticing as it ensnared her within its scent of spices and earth , and her .
the scent of hay , straw and horse seemed even more acute as she remained immobile .
red shadowed his vision as the scent of aria 's blood drifted up to him and a snarl curved his lip .
he kissed her temple briefly , inhaling her sweet scent beneath the hay , blood and sweat .
he leaned closer to her , inhaling her sweet scent as he briefly nuzzled her hair .
her sweet scent became stronger ; her terror was nearly palpable within the confines of the cave .
her scent was enveloping him as he turned another corner .
he bowed his head briefly to hers , pressing his mouth against her soft hair as he eagerly inhaled her sweet scent .
he closed his eyes , savoring in the amazing scent of her .
the lingering scent of blood , body odor and death clung to her , mixing with the other awful scents encompassing her .
he detected a faint hint of strawberries clinging to her , even though they had washed her in some flowery scent he found did n't suit her .
close enough that his strong , masculine scent engulfed her , nearly overwhelming her with its enticing smell .
excitement tore though him , hunger gripped him tight as the delicious scent of her blood assailed him .
she curled closer against his chest , savoring in his strength and scent .
the scent of her blood assailed him ; it burned into his nostrils , flared through his body , causing an aching hunger to explode through him .
and the soup of eau de toilette scents was strong enough from here ... what would it be like in the thick of things ?
the scent of maybelle 's ash still hovered in the air , and she swore she heard max sniff as he slipped in after her .
however , she stretched and smiled and rolled onto her stomach to bury her face in the sheets , inhaling his scent still imprinted on the pillow ... taking a rare moment in her stressful life to simply enjoy something that most people took for granted .
then she closed her eyes , sagging gently against him as his heat and scent and strength surrounded her .
when he reappeared , it was with a little surge that slopped water over the sides , sending a renewed wave of rosemary and lemon scent into the air .
she allowed him to embrace her , to settle her head on his shoulder and to feel the familiar comfort of his body , the faint scent of cloves and tobacco .
but other than the odd soundlessness of the area , and the pervading scent of musty death , the place felt little different from any other cemetery .
fangs sharp and extended into her bottom lip , and her long coppery hair swirled with the horrible scent of roses .
her bucking motions grew stronger , the horrible sweet scent of roses climbing up and around victoria , but she kept her head clear .
thus , she sat victoria on the least comfortable chair- which also happened to be the focal point of a room over - filled with parlor chairs , twittering ladies , eaux de toilette of the most sweet scents , and poorly hidden nosiness .
her nostrils filled with the sweet yet comforting milk rose scent her mother always wore , she whispered , ` ` i heard mr . needleton has more than forty thousand a year . ''
although he was n't standing so as to reflect in the window , she recognized him now - by the way he touched her , the familiar scent that lingered on his fingers , the way his body brushed against hers .
frankincense burning in a shallow bowl mingled its scent with that of the musky balm applied to the corpse 's wrappings .
she fancied they still carried the scent of his lemon - rosemary pomade .
she drew in a deep breath , the scent of roses and wood smoke filtering into her nostrils and lungs , and calm crept slowly over her .
she strained to break free , but her vision was still colored and the scent of blood and roses from the queen 's mouth beckoned and teased .
the scent of roses was nauseating .
now she stood and moved toward him , bringing with her a renewed burning in the bites on his neck and the scent of roses .
lilith sighed against him , her breath not putrid , as one might expect from an undead ... but tinged with the same floral scent that clung to the rest of her .
victoria could barely breathe , the area was so thronged with bodies and carriages , and tinged with the scent of burning wax , the smell of so many people packed so tightly in the street , the overriding crispness of the cool air .
he was warm and solid against her , smelling familiarly of spicy cloves and a tinge of sweat , along with a faint rusty scent .
when sebastian moved closer , bringing that familiar scent of clove that always clung to him and setting her heart to pounding , victoria had nowhere to go except down to the floor ... and that was one place she did n't want to go .
lady winnie clasped the smallest collection of flowers to her ample bosom , burying her face in the beautiful lilies that carried their precious scent throughout the room .
her heart rammed in her chest as she remembered the way his hands would glide over her bare skin ... . ` ` believe me , i did n't want to stay away , victoria , '' he said , his mouth hovering in front of hers , his lips twitching in a racy grin , and the clove scent on his breath a light brush over her skin .
the scent of roses , now warm on his neck , grew stronger , suddenly putrid .
now the comforting , familiar , painful scent was lost in the stench of horse droppings , human waste , and other refuse that littered the streets of one of london 's worst neighborhoods .
the room smelled of smoke and sweat , along with the horrid mingle of alvisi 's lavender , and the rosewaters , minty perfumes , and vetiver colognes that clung to other persons .
but underlying all of the sweet floral and musky herbal scents , victoria smelled blood and darkness and evil , and a faint pungent smell she 'd sensed only once before : at the silver chalice .
almost immediately a faint but enduring sweet scent reached victoria 's sensitive venator nose .
she realized then that the sweet , cloying scent had become stronger and noticed zinnani moving back behind the stage .
it was uncontrollable ; it was loud , its ebb and flow of syllable and breath rumbling into and around her combined with yet another increase of the sweet , hypnotic scent in the air .
the chanting built , the scent sweetened , the fervor escalated .
the dull , pasty smell of blood on the breath of the vampire nearest her filled her nose , pushing away even the hypnotic scent of the incense .
the anger she 'd exposed roiled , then ebbed away , leading into an excruciating awareness of the scent of cloves mingled with salty sea , and a long - fingered hand clasping the railing next to hers .
she smelled clove , and man , and perhaps some other scent that might have been on his clothing or in his hair ... bay ... and put her hands on his shoulders .
` ` rockley is below , '' crowed winifred , bumping into victoria 's elbow as she edged past her to reach for a papery - white clove of garlic that sat amid jewelry , scent bottles , and ornate combs .
late may 's welcome breeze filtered in , and would have carried the heady scent of lilacs and forsythia if the air had n't been heavy with french perfumes and floral waters .
late may 's welcome breeze filtered in , and would have carried the heady scent of lilacs and forsythia if the air had n't been heavy with french perfumes and floral waters .
candles burned about the room , and small pots resting above the heat of the flames simmered herbs and water , releasing the scents of verbena and myrrh into the air .
she appeared to be several decades younger than eustacia , but older than max by a decade or more , and she brought with her an unusual , earthy scent .
the earthy scent , which was not unpleasing , followed her .
` ` i never noticed it before , lord rockley , but the breeze does carry a scent that portends the rain shower . ''
the crimson - haired vampire now stood close enough that victoria could smell her dusky , dusty , dry scent .
once outside , victoria took in greater breaths tinged with the scent of seaweed and salt .
instead of stopping on the terrace where the potted gardenias and roses added scent and color to the evening , phillip drew her along with him past the end of the brick terrace and down one of the four paths that spiked from it .
` ` good morning , my dear , '' he said , breathing in the scent of crisp bacon and coddled eggs .
zack was sitting in the computer chair , and eph gripped the boy from behind , wrapped him up in another hug , kissing the top of his head , breathing in the scent of his hair .
the scent of hamburgers and fries hit his sensitive nose like a blow .
ashe smelled the familiar scent of hamburgers , fries and other fast food when they walked inside the small eatery .
the familiar scents of fertilizer , chicken feed and live plants greeted sali and ashe as they stepped inside cordell feed and seed .
* * * an unusual scent greeted my nostrils the following morning , and i was trying to puzzle it out in my mind before opening my eyes .
a garden bloomed around us and the scent of roses came to me .
amid all the scents inside the room , there was only one that bore the signature of dark elemaiya .
halfway there , the breeze carried a scent to me , which worried me greatly .
he had dark hair and his scent shocked me speechless .
he did n't hurry me so i sat there , breathing in the scent of him for a while .
if duty , loyalty and honor had a scent , i think it would smell like rigo .
i remembered well the scents in the air around the city ; it was early spring in oklahoma .
the scents carried better on the breeze as well - everything was quiet except for a few guards walking the perimeter .
the wind was blowing past me that night , which meant i got the scents from the camp instead of what was in front of me .
longer than that and the spell scent dissipates , '' erland nodded .
both looked eerily alike , but their scents were slightly different .
their scents , though , were vastly different .
i remembered the scent of the house as we landed inside it .
now , scents were everywhere , telling me things i needed to know as often as not .
the scent of the grass was sweet and the flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom .
honestly , i wondered about the volcanic scent i smelled around him at times .
i walked through sara 's kitchen and got a whiff of the scents there .
water tinkled in fountains , the scent of flowers floated past and hectares of land surrounded us as we walked toward the brightly lit structure .
the scent almost overwhelmed me when it came .
the scent that washed off him was one i 'd never forget , either .
i stared at gabron for several minutes , sure that somehow the two must have different scents or some other way to tell the difference .
different scents , '' i tapped my nose .
shoving those thoughts aside , i turned back to the scents inside the room .
taps were turned and the scent and noise of water came .
yes , water has a scent .
the scents were also familiar when gavin lifted me out of my seat and carried me in .
i wondered if anyone would care to put names with faces and scents for me .
another sniff brought an additional scent to me .
the brownies were almost ready to come out of the oven and the scent filled tony 's kitchen .
tony had n't brought any books for me to read , so i closed my eyes after a while and listened to the sounds around me , my nose soaking up scents as well .
the scent reached my nose before tony ever lifted the lid .
someone had come to clean the room ; disinfectant permeated the other scents .
he did n't have a scent but his clothing always smelled like sunlight .
` ` i really miss you , honey , '' i said and sat down heavily , the scent of roses thick in every breath i took .
what hit me when i walked in however , were the scents .
that way the scents would n't be inside my room , '' i was back to wiping tears again .
there was a large walk - in closet in the master bedroom , filled with men 's designer suits and a scent that i would recognize if i ever smelled it again .
he was probably stoned along with being drunk ; a faint scent of alcohol was on his breath .
i smelled the human women intermixed with a heady , spicy scent of very old vampire .
all three were dressed in low cut gowns , clouded in expensive perfume and wore jewelry that must have cost a mint .
instead of commenting on the scent of his furniture , i complimented rene on his excellent taste .
strange scents woke me when the sun slipped below the horizon , and i wondered briefly before uncovering myself if weldon started on the pack thing early while still in the cabin .
surprisingly , his scent was fresh , smelling of body wash and freshly laundered clothing instead .
lissa 's scent was overpowering and he thought briefly about placing compulsion on winkler to get a different roommate , but discarded that thought immediately .
i smelled him before he arrived ; that wonderful scent had n't left him and had n't dulled with time , either .
there were two distinct scents inside the jaguar , both of them fresh , along with winkler 's of course .
his scent was more wonderful than anything i 'd ever eaten , including freshly baked cookies .
he even smelled nice - not covered up with suntan lotion or anything else - the scent was all him .
now , instead of the soothing sound of the surf , gavin 's scent hung thick in the air .
both scents were different - i could pick them out of a room full of vampires , now , but their smell had the same quality or weight to it .
i smelled plenty of perfume , aftershave , suntan oil and perspiration when we got there , but no vampire .
after the door zips closed behind him , i push the large button in my wall and soon the room is filled with the scent of breakfast .
the petals are as long as my fingers , curling at the ends , and their honey - like scent drifts lazily to my nose .
nothing remains but a waft of steam from the rectangle metal by the door and a scent of unseasoned gravy in the air that is both strangely familiar and deeply alien .
although the sharp , stinging scent of the drink lingers in the air , eldest is n't drunk .
her perfume wafts up as soon as the lid opens .
i breathe deeply , eyes closed , remembering how her clothes smelled of this same perfume when i played dress up so many years ago .
i breathe again and realize that all i can smell is the bitter preservation gas they must have filled the trunk with , and mom 's perfume is nothing but memory .
i talk to my parents every morning , but this time , the lingering scent of the cryo liquid brings bile to the back of my throat .
i ca n't breathe , and then i ' m breathing too much , and with every breath comes the scent of the cryo liquid , and that scent is killing me .
there 's a musky scent in the room , something that does n't exactly smell like elder , but that reminds me of him even more .
i know the feel of it under my feet - the thicker mulch near the hospital doorstep , the flowers that brush my legs as the path winds through the garden , the cool scent of water as i turn around the pond , the slight incline as i approach the recorder hall .
for a moment , i forget that today is the day i leave the ship , shut my eyes , and breathe in the scent of a thousand dreams .
a warm breeze blows past , filling my nose with the scent of ash and dirt , lifting the edge of my hair .
a warm breeze floats past us , and i want to close my eyes and savor the scent of plants and earth it carries , but neither of them even notices .
not recycled - a fresh , clean breeze , with scents of dirt and plants and so much more .
i look at him curiously - when did he last bring me flowers ? -and then i bend my face down to breathe in the intoxicating sticky - sweet scent of the flower .
the gas is gone now and only oxygen blows through the vents , leaving just the trace of a sticky sweet scent in the air before evaporating .
colors swim before my eyes ; scents i do n't recognize fill my nose .
it 's nothing i recognize , but it 's still familiar , like the memory of a scent i ' ve never noticed before .
the scent of melted tar rose in the air , and i blinked , my vision marked by two bright afterimages of light .
dust settles on the books like a gray perversion of rain forest moss , giving the air a certain moldy , unwelcome scent faintly reminiscent of a baledragon 's lair .
i did that frequently when bastille sat really close to me , particularly when i could smell the scent of the shampoo in her hair .
` ` delightful perfume , amanda .
i want to memorize his scent and the touch of his skin - one of his arms , now against mine - and the solidness of his body .
i feel him - all of him - pressed against me , and i inhale his shaving cream , his shampoo , and that extra scent that 's just ... him .
the warm scent of burning candles fills the air .
i burrow into him , inhaling that scent of shampoo and shaving cream and that something else that 's just him that i can never get enough of .
they buzz past , a swarm of perfume and laughter .
i pull myself up the rest of the way , suddenly conscious of both the bed and its lingering scent of bar soap and sweet mechanical oil .
i settle for just a cherry - flavored lip gloss , but as soon as the scent hits me , i ' m shaking .
mist creeps into my room , carrying the scent of eucalyptus .
max 's amber eyes glare at me , and the scent of cigarettes is strong .
a perfume of kindness and expectation .
her scent is all over the moment .
when elody gets into the car she leans forward to grab her coffee , and the smell of her perfume - raspberry body spray she still buys religiously from the body shop in the mall , even though it stopped being cool in seventh grade - is so real and sharp and familiar i have to close my eyes , overwhelmed .
things are going past me in a blur - snippets of conversation and laughter , the feel of coats brushing against my skin , the smell of beer and perfume and shower gel and sweat - all of it whirling and spinning together .
as always the music and heat and smoke is impassable , a wall of people , perfume , and sound .
and then charlotte waltzed over in an all - too - familiar cloud of fruity perfume and grabbed a handful of fries from jimmy 's bucket .
the scent of dinner cooking drifted in from the kitchen - it smelled suspiciously like italian food , which could n't be right .
a gush of orange blossom and ginger , my favorite yankee candle scent , greeted me and fortified me with enough courage to open my eyes .
embarrassingly i closed my eyes against the heady scent .
i was nestled in the softness of the mat , the scent of outdoors and sweat lingering on the vinyl surface .
i recognize the scent she wears now - sweet and subtle .
i close my eyes and breathe until graham comes outside and stands next to me , hands in his pockets ; i know he 's there when i inhale the familiar spicy scent of him .
i pressed my face to his chest , breathed in his scent .
squashing the urge to beat my chest like a neanderthal , i pull her closer and inhale her scent , so familiar , even these months later .
` ` i just do n't want to take advantage of you , or push you- '' lies , lies , lies - i wanted her so bad i could conjure up her scent , imagine the feel of her skin under my fingertips ... ` ` but graham , i ' m pushing you . ''
his strawberry blond hair is perfectly style bed - head , and when he leans closer i catch the masculine scent of his cologne .
i close my eyes , inhale the familiar herbal scent of her shampoo , memorize the feel of her in my arms .
when the scent of espresso mingles with the odor of the paint , i know he 's found me .
the light press of her body against mine and the unanticipated sweet scent of her make me abruptly , ful y conscious of it .
if asked , any of them could have said what scent they were wearing without thinking .
i feel almost high , standing close enough to inhale her subtle , familiar scent , coupled with running boards through a whirring saw that could lop off my hand in a split second of inattention .
she is proof that i ' m alive- my ear snuggled against her chest , attuned to the faint gurgles of her soft stomach and the steady drum of her heart , my nose breathing in her familiar doggy scent , my face and fingers buried in her fur , stroking her beloved warm body .
the scent of the pil ow under my head , though - the scent is vaguely familiar .
she says her name is mrs . roundtree and ai n't i a little young for this sort of thing , but she leads on into a little room and i follows the cloud of perfume that follows her and says , ` ` no , ma'am , i just want to talk , '' and she looks at me funnylike and sits down on the bed .
ambrosial scents wafted from everywhere , lavender and grass and roses .
the night is very pleasantly warm and the air is heavily laden with the perfume of tropical flowers , and , oh , i do believe andrew is here to escort me to the ball .
the music begins , drifting into the room like a perfumed scent .
the wind coming in through the window is warm and full of scents that seem so alive it almost hurts to breathe it all in .
i walked into the open space of the art room , inhaling the calming scents of paints , glue and cleaning chemicals with a gentle smile .
i flipped the top of the bottle and took in the soft floral scent .
i could n't help but take in the subtle clean scent as i folded it over my arm .
i was entranced by his clean , almost sweet , scent .
i was filled with his intoxicating clean scent upon entering the car .
it did n't hurt that the breath contained evan 's soothing scent .
then a slight breeze allowed her signature sweet perfume to burn my nose .
i inhaled his clean scent , allowing the tingling to run through my head .
i recognized the comforting scent and knew where i was .
the distinct scent of freshly waxed floors with a hint of rubber filled my senses .
i inhaled and let his clean scent release the tension in my shoulders .
i breathed in his clean scent swirled with the mustiness of the outdoors and closed my eyes .
evan draped his jacket over me , and i burrowed my nose into the collar , breathing in his scent .
i inhaled his scent with my face pressed against his shirt and leaned up to kiss his neck .
the warmth still lingered , and there was even the scent of a fire pit in the air .
with the slightest inhale , i instantly recognized the scents swirling in the air .
i inhaled the sweet scent of his skin .
i leaned down , breathing him in with a brush of my lips against hissavoring his clean , sweet scent and the warmth of his firm lips before pulling away .
it smelled of his crisp , fresh scent .
to nuzzle my face into his neck and become intoxicated by his scent .
i breathed in the scent of the moisture in the air , mixed with fresh - cut grass and earthy blooms .
the taste of him , the cool scent of his skin , the heat of his flesh pressed against mine , fed the addiction and filled the void for the moment .
the familiar scents of the mathews home filled my senses , and my heart betrayed me with a flutter .
i did n't want to be this close to him , to touch him , to smell the sweet clean scent that rolled off him and made me even more lightheaded .
she lifted her head with her eyes closed , breathing in the scents that floated through the art room .
i inhaled her elegant floral scent and closed my eyes as she ran her fingers through my short hair .
pressing my face against his chest , i inhaled his soothing scent , letting the tears pour out and soak through his t - shirt .
i inhaled , absorbing the calming scents once again .
26 letting go i pressed my nose against her hair and inhaled the soft , clean scent .
i paused , mentally walking the halls of the house , inhaling the scent of wood and polish .
she dug her fingers in my hair , and i was consumed by the softness of her lips , the touch of her tongue - her subtle floral scent intoxicating me .
forced to close my eyes , overcome by the waves that crashed through me , i became lost in the breathless surge and pressed my face into her shoulder , inhaling her sweet scent until i could n't hold anything back .
tall , shuttered doors were thrown open ; the breeze carried the scent of gardenias , which were arranged in tall silver vases , artfully placed on the tabletops .
then i smelled that familiar scent .
the scent of rosemary rose up from the pages .
my mom 's favorite recipe was bookmarked with lena 's familiar scent .
i could smell the murky brown water mixed with sweat and the scent of spices from nearby restaurants .
the tomatoes sizzled in the pan , and i breathed in the scent of my mother - yellowing paper and burnt oil , new tomatoes and old cardboard , all laced through with cayenne pepper .
when i walked downstairs , i found flickering candelabras and the scent of jasmine in the air .
settling into the , getting familiar , bucket seat , i inhaled the clean scent of lemons and sighed at not having to walk home after all .
the familiar scent of perfume mixed with peach body wash filled me .
the familiar scent of perfume mixed with peach body wash filled me .
i leaned in even closer to her and her scent hit me ; a sweet , light perfume that made my mouth water .
i leaned in even closer to her and her scent hit me ; a sweet , light perfume that made my mouth water .
the all too familiar lemon scent washed over me and i was instantly calm .
a faint scent of the lemon that filled her car hit my nose and i smiled - content , once again .
the scent of lilies and vanilla hit me and i closed my eyes , remembering the fragrance lillian used for special occasions .
that remembered taste and scent flooded my brain as my vision started to swim with the suddenness of the alcohol hitting my system .
the pleasing scent of lemons always present in sawyer 's car , choked me .
her black hair swept over my chest , the familiar , comforting scent of lemons washing over me as she gave me a swift hug .
every section was different : the trace amount of flowery perfume along her neck , the barest hint of sweat between her br**sts , the faint amount of lavender body wash around her belly button .
i pulled her tight to me , reveling in the lemony scent of her hair as my face buried into her shoulder .
the purple petals were beautiful , but the only scent came from the vanilla oil she loved to sprinkle over the petals .
instinct to lash out kicked into gear , but then i caught the familiar scent of soap and ocean .
he worked on my lower back now , moving the balm in smooth circles , and every so often the cool scent of menthol reached me .
his scent , a mixture of the sea and soap , fil ed me .
and close enough i caught the scent of vanil a - her favorite perfume .
every so often , the salt water would tickle our toes , and i 'd catch the scent of vanil a from the breeze rol ing off the ocean .
i inhaled his unique scent of sea and burning leaves .
the slight breeze carried the oddly alluring scent of animals and people .
i closed my eyes , inhaling its clean scent .
i caught the familiar scent of sea and burning leaves .
he dropped his arm over my shoulder , and the scent of mint and something wild tickled my nose .
the sweet tangy scent reminded me of alex .
the scent of ... peaches surrounded me .
i 'd wanted to stay among the covers , inhaling his unique scent of sea and burning leaves , holding the pillow he 'd used close to my chest .
slipping under the covers , i snuggled down , inhaling the earthy scent that blanketed the bed .
the force of seth 's presence was everywhere , invading my body and thoughts , but when i finally breathed in , the scent was all wrong .
i could feel the vibrations of the grass and soil under my feet , as well as the dozens of scents carried on the low moan of the wind , and i could feel the air gliding over my skin with ghostly fingers .
i inhaled deeply , surrounding myself in his masculine , earthy scent .
a stale , musky scent seeped in from nowhere .
the musty scent grew stronger .
we crossed a field of narcissus that rose to our knees , petals a luminous white and carrying an incredibly sweet scent .
the soft , seductive scent appeared to soothe the dull ache in my temples , too .
actually , it was thick like blood , and there was a faint metallic scent .
as i inhaled the fresh scent of caleb , i realized i needed to know something that would probably slice me into tiny ribbons .
we stopped near two juniper trees that had remained unscathed from the fire and battle , their sweet scent so at odds with the lingering acidic and metallic smells .
inhaling , i caught the damp , earthy scent of disturbed soil .
inhaling a ragged breath , i caught her scent - her scent .
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
my skin felt stretched to the point of ripping by the time i passed the courtyard and inhaled the sweet scent of peonies .
lured by the wonderful , greasy scent , i drifted over to their table , my mouth watering at the sight .
closing my eyes , i inhaled the faint scent of his cologne and hugged him back .
the earthy scent was overpowering as the dirt arced up and shot back down , landing in twenty or so different piles .
the smell of burnt clothes and flesh mingled with the metallic scent of blood .
the air was warm , and the light scent of jasmine reminded me of ...
the bed was his - the black sheets , the pillows , and the scent of the sea and something earthy , of burning leaves and man .
i spent hours in that bedroom , soaking up his scent , before i pulled myself away .
his scent , the mixture of sea and soap , filled me .
as i opened the balcony door , the breezy perfume of pine and earthy rich soil filled me .
the scent of detergent and familiarity washed over me .
the scent of maple and cinnamon permeated the air .
as soon as we crossed the entrance , the familiar smell of aftershave and too much perfume choked me .
hayden slid past me , the scent of soap and fresh air momentarily enveloping me .
a smoky scent , like a candle blown out , wafted through my room , but there was no source .
the scent of smoke and spice filled me .
the scent of soap and spice filled my senses .
i pressed my cheek against his chest , inhaling his scent .
the woman in yellow comes and sits down beside me and her perfume , which smells like the tropical flowers i had sniffed in jamaica , wraps around my head and i do n't know what to do ' cept sit there like a trapped mouse .
i hear a rustle of cloth and a wave of a very familiar perfume rolls across the room and breaks across my nose .
i had heard him whinny when we approached the stable - i guess he caught a whiff of me , though how he could through all this perfume , i do n't know .
he pulled me across the bed , so close that his scent , a mixture of the outdoors and a cologne i could n't place , was everywhere .
tires squealed and the smell of burnt rubber filled the air , but another scent overshadowed it - the smell of rotten eggs .
inhaling the scent of pine and soil , i forced my body to phase .
` ` i think we need to ... '' the sweet , heavy scent teased my senses again .
i could faintly smell the soap he had showered with and underneath it , the natural delicious scent of his warm skin .
my eyes closed of their own accord and i breathed in his scent ; it was more prominent than ever before ; more intoxicating .
all i know for sure is that it is n't helping the creeping sickness , which i react to instantly once the scent reaches my nostrils .
i walk over and raise my window to let in the breeze and the scent of rain , which has always made me feel calm and closer to nature .
i hear his breath inhale deeply first through his nose and then i hear a tender imbibing sound as if he 's taking my scent in through his lips .
my heart rate begins to slow and i turn my attention back to isaac who sits so close to me that i can smell the natural scent of his skin and feel the warmth coming off of his body .
the house smells the same : that familiar scent of baby powder air freshener that my mom liked so much , the cigarette smoke lingering in jeff 's ashtrays , the gassy smell that always seeped from the old oven .
i can no longer smell the scent of her hair , or her skin lingering on my sheets .
the scent of pine trees and maple trees and wildflowers is so strong that i feel like it could easily intoxicate me .
i should be able to hear his thoughts , smell his toothpaste and the natural scent of his skin .
i can smell the heavy scent of freshly cut wood and paint which the red door had recently been painted with .
he inhales her scent and cradles her head in his hand again to bring her lips even closer and he brushes them against his own .
the smell of his long leather coat and the natural scent of his skin soaks up in her lungs and she just cries harder , letting the fear and sorrow and relief and confusion out all at once .
i lean up and take in the scent of him , closing my eyes and savoring the moment ... because it 'll be the last for a little while .
the basement was cold and dark and forbidding enough , except for the beautiful , musty scent of books everywhere .
a trill of laughter , the scent of cinnamon and donkeys , and color , everywhere color .
a scent was heavy in the air , herbs and sulfur , and smoke wreathed among the pillars , teased into wisps by breezes emanating from unseen openings in the carven walls .
the silver censer hung on its crook , exhaling a fume of smoke that was both herbal and sulfurous , and as its scent wafted down to him , akiva felt a tug , a lure .
she had never awakened on a stone table to the lingering scent of revenant smoke .
his scent was warm and full : spice and salt , the pungent leather of his mask , and something rich and deep that she could n't identify but that made her want to lean into him , close her eyes , and breathe .
there it lay , day after day of rose - colored dawns and creature sounds and strange perfumes , and waited for lovers to find it and fill it with their happiness . ''
her perfume was so delicate it might almost have been her natural scent .
her perfume was so delicate it might almost have been her natural scent .
alef gate closed , and the concubine 's perfume was too frail to linger on the air .
the rocky swell of the cape headland blocked the view of the sea from here , but its clean scent was in the air , and the sky was great and endless .
he buried his face in my hair and i breathed him in too , his scent , a smell that was completely and utterly dale .
it was a comforting scent .
he kissed me - the soft press of his lips , the way he breathed me in as if i was honeysuckle or lilacs or roses , the most compelling scent in the world - reminding me in an instant of his love for me , how much i had missed him and how much i was missing when he was gone .
i could smell him , that musky scent of sweat , and it reminded me of the night before .
i was too wrapped up in the music earlier to look around , but now i have the sensation of colors and perfumes and hands twisting and turning around us .
the windows - or what windows remain - are flung open , so the air smells like gardenias and night- blooming jasmine , their scents drifting in on the wind from outside .
` ` ward six has its own special perfume , '' he says .
the clouds must have begun to break apart outside : through the hole , on the other side of the stone fortress , i see the flashing blue of the presumpscot river , and leaves shifting and tumbling over one another , an avalanche of green and sun and the perfume of wild , growing things .
the water is icy cold , and smells fresh , as though it has carried some of the scents of its spiraling journey past stripped branches and tiny , new march buds .
now i can smell food scents carried out onto the street through open windows : gasoline and wood smoke ; the closeness of millions and millions of people .
but the clock , the expensive furniture , and even the scent of freshly brewed coffee ca n't conceal the normal lab smell of chemical disinfectant .
mrs . killegan 's shop is in old port , and as we emerge onto the street i inhale the familiar scents of dried seaweed and old wood .
i move toward the open door and step out onto the porch , inhaling clean , outside smells , scents of space and growth .
her perfume is vanilla , sickly sweet and too strong , but it still ca n't completely conceal the other smells of the place : bleach , body odor .
i can smell the sweat underneath her perfume .
the air filled with the scent of jasmine , sulfur , and burnt flesh until a gust of wind whisked it away .
what was the worst thing that could happen if he grew attached to the scent of her hair , and the feel of her skin against his ?
the scent of her blood was heavenly , but he ignored it , and freed her chewed up wrist .
she loved the sound of the waves beating the sand , and the scent of the sea .
closing his eyes , he imagined the light sweet scent that was natalia 's and hers alone .
the memory of his scent lingered in her mind .
her scent filled his head with every breath .
his scent meshed with the night air .
the scent of grease filled the air , reminding me that i was hungry .
the scent of dryer sheets and ivory soap lingered .
closing my eyes , i inhaled his scent .
the sound of my voice , the curve of my neck , and the scent of my skin ... his desire was so intense that he could barely control it .
the entire memory flooded me : color , taste , sound , touch , and scents .
there was a scent in the air that reminded me of something delicious .
the yeasty scent of fresh bread filled my head , accompanied by the aroma of my mom 's roast turkey that was always perfectly cooked , crispy on the outside and juicy within .
the cinnamon scent filled me last , reminding me of the apple pies that she only made during the holidays , and that i craved year round .
i drew in a long slow breath , letting the scents fill my body and savoring them before i realized what it was .
i lost my daydream , but the scents still lingered and were strong .
the intense focusing made it easier to tune out his delicious scent , so his fragrance was fainter .
he closed his eyes drinking in my subdued scent , warring internally .
he breathed in again , catching my scent now that the shadows receded .
his scent filled the air , making my mouth water .
collin 's scent filled my lungs as i took a deep breath .
i shifted my focus back to valefar to subdue my martis scent .
the shadows that formed my ivy suit held in my scent , and my body was hidden by the massive bookcase .
the sweet scent of star - gazer lilies filled my senses .
the shadows were locked deep inside me , masking the faint scent of the angel blood that flowed through my veins .
my only thoughts were of collin - the scent of his skin , the feel of his touch on my cheek , the taste of his lips on mine .
instead it was slightly sweet , and had the faint scent of rain during a hot summer storm .
eric pressed his lips against my cheek , dragging them across my skin , inhaling my scent deeply .
the scent of his body was intoxicating and i did my best not to breathe in big greedy breaths , although i wanted to .
the rich warm scent of collin filled my head as i breathed .
the kitchen should have been filled with the clatter of cooking , and the scent of coffee .
when he stopped speaking , i noticed it - the faint scent , sweet and seductive , coming from him .
the scent was intoxicating and i found myself breathing deeper with each breath .
chapter thirteen the musty scent of the warehouse filled my senses .
i blinked slowly as if drunk , and inhaled his scent again .
his scent was n't tempting me very much either - that sweet seductive fragrance that was enticing me only days ago , was so faint that i could barely catch his scent .
his scent was n't tempting me very much either - that sweet seductive fragrance that was enticing me only days ago , was so faint that i could barely catch his scent .
with each pace , i expected his scent to fill my mind with passionate thoughts .
his scent filled my head making me forget what i was doing .
i leaned into him for a moment , inhaling his scent .
it made me respond to his scent , his touch .
his familiar scent wafts in with the breeze and does n't help my already racing heart .
he wraps one arm around my waist and pulls me close , showering me with an array of scents , from toothpaste to aftershave .
i hug him and for a second worry that my mom is watching through the window , but his scent and his arms remind me what i ' m fighting for .
he whispered sensually , his hot woodsy scent enveloping her .
brennus strolled into the bedroom , bringing the scent of fresh air and grass with him .
i quickly dressed and then followed the scent of bacon to the kitchen , where my dad was bent over the stove , a spatula in hand .
i sipped my kona roast coffee , closing my eyes as i inhaled the scent .
the cedar from the farmhouse mingled with jack 's aftershave , making a sweet , rustic scent .
i squeezed my eyes shut and buried my face in his shoulder , inhaling the clean , leathery scent of his jacket , mixed with something else that was ... so jack .
his breath was minty , and i could smell the rustic scent of his aftershave , and whatever strong emotion he was feeling , it tasted sweet .
i smelled the sweet and rustic scent of his aftershave .
i breathe in the perfume .
charles could smell bronwyn 's perfume .
maybe it signified the kind of woman charles wanted her to be - a sophisticate who craved fancy undergarments , good - smelling soaps , and french perfume .
a woman 's perfume smelled like sewage to sylvie .
he had missed the beginning of spring , the floral scents in the air , everyone opening their windows for the first time , the appearance of bees in the garden .
he could smell her floral perfume .
he reached over my head , the scent of his cologne fluttering the air .
i mean , i do n't mind breathing in the smell of lilacs every once and awhile , or taking in the scent of freshly fallen rain right after a storm , but he was a guy that smelled like flowers .
then to make things even freakier , he took a slow deep inhale , breathing in my scent before letting my hand go .
then , the next thing i knew , nicholas was in front of me , so close i could smell his flowery scent overlapping the scent of the salty ocean air .
then , the next thing i knew , nicholas was in front of me , so close i could smell his flowery scent overlapping the scent of the salty ocean air .
i did n't know what it was about cars , but it brought out the heat between alex and i. thankfully , he was driving and i was in the backseat , sitting next to nicholas , who was practically like an air freshener , with how much rainy - flower scent flowed off him .
the air pumped oxygen threw my lungs , and i breathed in its salty scent with a deep , lingering breath .
the scent of rust and salt flowed off him .
the scent of flowers and freshly fallen rain .
i tucked my hands into the sleeves , breathing in the scent of him .
i climbed on , the feel of the saddle calming me just like the ylang - ylang scent of the cigarette case .
she did n't actually touch me , but she was close enough that i could smell her perfume .
i could hear the screams in my head even over the music and smell the sickly scents of the burning wreckage .
he was wearing some scent that made me think of big , cold skies and icy rocks .
that outdoorsy scent , so cool and clean you wanted to fill your lungs with it .
a clatter of heels and then , with a rush of perfume and a silken swish of long , auburn hair , jasmine was snuggled up against me , an arm around my shoulders .
he folded himself around me and i smelled the cool clean scent of him .
sitting in the back of the cab , watching the city lights draw dancing patterns on the seats , i thought about what had happened in the practice room : the way he 'd pressed up against me , the scent of him so close , the rasp of his stubble against my cheek when he 'd turned his head to speak ... .
` ` jesus christ , '' she cursed at the near miss , inhaling her rescuer 's delicious scent of sandalwood and dark spices .
sniffing the air to catch the scent again her skin prickled as if someone were staring at her .
as she moved , the air cut around her and this musky , exotic scent tickled her olfactory senses , the floral headiness of it somehow familiar .
when she gasped at the feel of wet licks across her forearm , she gulped down the overwhelming scent of spices and jasmine .
jasmine still danced on the air and ari doubted she would ever be able to smell the floral scent again without thinking about this alien room .
she cried out , ignoring the heat of his body and the familiar delicious scent of his spicy cologne as she tried to pull away .
they passed the cherry trees someone had planted years ago without permission , the blossoms adding perfume to the dank smell of the dark soil .
as they walked across the cinema foyer the sickly scent of popcorn made ari 's already nervous stomach turn .
finally , just when she was about to snap with impatience , he strode over to her , his familiar scent making her wish she could fall against his chest for a hug like she used to do when she was little .
she smelled of the rich , exotic dior perfume she wore all the time , a scent jai would never be able to smell again without thinking about her .
she smelled of the rich , exotic dior perfume she wore all the time , a scent jai would never be able to smell again without thinking about her .
staci pulled back and ari was immediately enveloped in the scent of rose water from rachel 's perfume .
staci pulled back and ari was immediately enveloped in the scent of rose water from rachel 's perfume .
the tart , citrusy scent of pomegranate washed over ari as her nose missed being buried in his silver white hair .
the scent of sage hit her nose in the muggy atmosphere , lifted by the musky scent of animal .
the spicy , musky scent of his cologne made her stomach flip .
his throat burned with unnamed emotion and he leaned over , pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead and inhaling her familiar vanilla scent .
she nuzzled against his hard chest , inhaling the familiar comforting scent of him .
ari inhaled the musky male scent that was all charlie , his fragrance setting off sparks to her memories .
she could have sworn she could even smell the scent of his cologne in the air .
the breath whooshed out of ari as all of her awareness focused on jai - the feel of his chest under her head , the strong shoulders under her arms , the powerful arms holding her close , the unknown exotic scent mixed with sandalwood and rich musk that was all his own .
beats puttered out to a splutter against her ribs as jai stopped inches from her , the exotic scent of him rushing over her , making her eyelashes flutter a little .
the rich , exotic scent of him seemed to swim around her in heady waves , and she could have sworn she swayed a little just before he reached for her .
she tried not to feel intimidated , but the sultan stood so close she could smel the strong scent of citrus and pomegranate that seemed to linger continualy in his hair .
the smel of leather and spice enveloped her and ari hated that it was n't an unpleasant scent .
the softness of her skin , the brush of her gentle hands , the vanila scent that clung to her silky hair ; the breathy sighs ... her loving smiles .
she smeled of some kind of flower , but it must have been from her shampoo because falon could n't be bothered with things like perfume .
she wanted to tuck her head in the crook of his neck and inhale the spicy exotic scent of him ; she wanted to feel his strong arms around her waist , his lips brushing her ear .
he lingered for a moment , and i closed my eyes and breathed in his scent .
the stale scent of sweat and mildew saturated the room , heavy cigar smoke burning her nose .
the scent of freshly brewed coffee was strong in the kitchen as vincent cleaned the sticky mess from the floor .
the intoxicating scent of cologne invaded her lungs , assaulting every cell in her body when she took a deep breath .
bringing it to her nose , she inhaled its sweet scent as she sat on the bed , her bottom lip clamped between her teeth .
his familiar scent lingered , surrounding her like a warm shroud .
every bit of composure he had was ripped away as he inhaled haven 's scent , which lingered there .
his nose tickled as he breathed in the soiled air , the scent of festering mildew mingling with the dust .
it reeked , filling the office with the sickly - sweet scent of sweat and panic .
she closed her eyes as he held her , reveling in his familiar scent and body warmth .
her presence was overwhelming , the touch and scent and taste of her driving him wild .
* * * carmine took a deep breath to steady himself , inhaling the scent of greasy cheese and spicy pepperoni .
carmine took a deep breath , cringing as he inhaled the scent of the food , and forced the words from his lips before he lost the nerve .
no tangy scent , no tears to make me feel guilty for being angry .
with the way i feel about basketball and everything else , there 's no way i can be there , helping little old ladies pick their favorite candle scent or a book on poetry .
mom steps closer , close enough i smell her vanilla perfume .
no sharp , alcoholic scent , no stumbling nights or accidentally walking into my room instead of hers , even when sara 's been with bill .
i do n't even know what the scent is - some kind of sweet perfume that goes straight to my head .
i do n't even know what the scent is - some kind of sweet perfume that goes straight to my head .
see if any hint of that tangy scent clings to her .
the scent i hate does n't cling to the air .
the vanilla - scented perfume and high - pitch squeal gave away the culprit .
he 'd been gone by the time i woke up yesterday , but the slight scent of the cologne he wore and the outdoorsy scent that was uniquely his lingered on my pillows .
he 'd been gone by the time i woke up yesterday , but the slight scent of the cologne he wore and the outdoorsy scent that was uniquely his lingered on my pillows .
smooth attitude poured from her like a scent .
i smelled bex 's perfume beside me and drew some small comfort in the familiar scent .
i smelled bex 's perfume beside me and drew some small comfort in the familiar scent .
our suite smelled like perfume and curling irons that had been on too long .
there were stacks upon stacks of pashminas , rows of belts and piles of purses so high that i could smell the scent of leather in the air .
he walks me until my back is against the car and i press my head to his shoulder , breathing in the scent of him .
as soon as she 's inside the car , the overwhelming amount of perfume she has on begins to suffocate me .
i ' m not changing , i 'll never change and i would really like it if you would get the hell out of my car right now because your perfume is making me f**king nauseous . ''
insult my perfume to get back at me .
i roll down her window to air out the perfume and i back out of the driveway .
` ` does it still smell like perfume ? ''
i ' m almost positive the overwhelming scent of perfume is gone , so i ' m curious if her need for the noise is why she rolled down the window this time .
i ' m almost positive the overwhelming scent of perfume is gone , so i ' m curious if her need for the noise is why she rolled down the window this time .
i trail my nose across her jaw , inhaling the scent of her , then move down , listening intently to every single gasp that escapes her lips as if they 're the last sounds i 'll ever hear .
her scent and her skin and the feel of her heartbeat against our hands is exactly what i need , more tonight than ever before i just need to know that i ' m not alone , even if she does n't have a clue how much allowing me to hold her is helping .
i know this because the scent of boy sweat surrounds me .
like the masculine , musky scent of avi lingering on his pillow .
your perfume is making me ill . or maybe it 's your b.o .
the inside of the baruch padeh medical center hospital in tiberias looks just like hospitals back home , with stark white walls and the scent of purified air bursting through the air conditioning vents .
the scent of soap and detergent wafts up to my nose .
i lie down on the pil ow too , taking in its scent of soap .
the state championship the night is cold ; cigarette smoke and the scent of coffee waft through the crisp air .
this is one of the first moments i ' ve had to myself in days , so i lean against the wall , inhaling the musky scent of worn leather .
i inhale then let out the deep breath i ' ve been holding and take in the scent of cornbread , fresh laundry , dirt , cedar trees , and of course , horseshit .
there was n't a trace of perfume or air freshener .
i did n't think about patch driving marcie home in her car - i just let the hot air from the vents rush over my skin and breathed in the scent of patch .
i sprayed perfume in the air and walked through it for a light , grapefruity scent .
i sprayed perfume in the air and walked through it for a light , grapefruity scent .
i stood that way , suspended between him and the wall , my pulse stepping up as i became more aware of his body and the masculine scent of leather and mint lingering on his skin .
the card was scented with a bittersweet perfume .
i raised the card to my nose and breathed deeply , trying to the place the strangely intoxicating scent .
i 'd breathed in the tangy , bitter perfume .
he smelled so devastatingly familiar - of soap and spice - the heady scent bringing back a rush of memories so pleasurable , it only made the current moment that much more difficult to bear .
we were both damp from the exertion of our earlier escape , and what i assumed was the lingering scent of his shower gell hung between us .
ventilation was poor , and i was immediately hit by a wave of body odor mingled with perfume , cigarette smoke , and vomit .
the woodsy scent of cedar lingered in the air .
then i smell the sweat on him , a clean musky scent that i 'd bottle and wear as perfume if i could .
careful not to wake puck , i rose and wandered into the flowers , breathing in the heady scent , marveling as a feathery blue moth landed on my thumb , weighing nothing at all .
my eyes closed , and i melted into him , savoring the feel of his lips on mine , breathing in his scent .
the subtle warmth and scent of flowers that filled my room when annwyl was present was also gone .
and then i stopped being aware of anything but her lips , her scent , her hands on my chest , slipping under my shirt .
the scent was intoxicating , and i breathed as shallowly as i could to avoid being tempted by the sight and smells of the orchard .
i hide under the pillow as kali changes into going - out clothes , applying makeup and spritzing herself with that vanilla - scented perfume that gets into everything .
after rosalind gives her final soliloquy , it 's over , and people are going crazy , just nuts , clapping and whistling , and i ' m turning and throwing my arms around wren and then wolfgang , pressing my cheek against the broadcloth of his cotton shirt , inhaling the smoky tobacco scent mingled with flower nectar and dirt .
she smells good , like cinnamon and smoke and perfume .
beneath the competing scents of onion and incense and ammonia and wax , is the undeniable smell of citrus and wet earth .
my head drops back and i try to focus on the scent of the bark and wood instead of caleb 's smoky cancer .
on a whim , i slip into mom 's room and spray myself with her perfume , careful not to use too much so i do n't smell like those old ladies who ' ve lost their sniffer and use a whole bottle daily .
my face in his chest , buried in caleb 's scent , t - shirt and firm muscles .
i have n't smelled this sweet , tangy scent in what seems like forever .
but they each have their own unique scent and personality . ''
as my lips touch hers , the scent of cherries from the glossy stuff is overpowering .
mrs . reynolds followed me , i can tell by the powdery scent that travels with her .
i can smell the scent of cookies invading us as we walk inside .
she saunters close to me , close enough i can smell her strong perfume mixed with cherry lip gloss .
my heart is racing and my senses are heightened so much that i can smell her flowery perfume from the short distance between us .
the bitter taste of beer has been replaced by this sweet scent that reminds me solely of caleb .
our chests nearly touch and the spicy scent of his cologne fills my nostrils .
i can smell the perfume wafting up from her neck .
the night air is cool and fresh , carrying a scent of pine , and the wind on my face brings me instantly back to life .
i wipe it across my face , my chest , soaking up every bit of sweat and scent i might have .
but mostly i ca n't stop thinking about six , ca n't stop picturing her face hovering inches above mine , or the sugary scent of her breath , or the way the setting sun had made her eyes glow .
but he was frozen in his seat , torn between wanting to lean forward to see what kind of perfume she was wearing and not wanting to look like a total creep .
his aftershave - or was it even aftershave ? -was a woodsy , outdoorsy scent that reminded her of campfires .
he lowered his head , inhaling the clean scent of her hair .
snuggling closer and breathing in his crisp scent , she held him tighter .
one of the thompson twins stood behind her , so close she caught the scent of his citrus aftershave .
pressing his forehead against hers , he breathed in her clean scent .
the sky was clear and the air carried a light musky scent mingled with pine .
his scent wrapped around me and for the first time since the attack , i felt safe .
it had his scent , a lush mix of spice and the outdoors .
the stove was n't turned on , but the scent of cooked bacon filled the air .
his spicy and earthy scent surrounded me .
when i inhaled the crisp scent , i realized who it was .
an earthy scent filled the air .
i buried my face in his neck , inhaling his earthy scent .
twisting around in my seat , i inhaled the unique outdoorsy scent that was all him .
his scent was on my tongue .
blushing , i took the roses and inhaled their clean scent .
there was a slight scent of aftershave that reminded me of the conversation i 'd had with lesa about how boys smelled .
the scent of artificial pine filled the living room .
a second later , she exploded in a rush of black smoke that blew my hair back and filled the air with a bitter scent .
the walls were bare log and a fire in the fireplace crackled , throwing off heat and the scent of pine .
the last three years , i 'd made cinnamon buns alone , filling the air with their sweet scent , and when mom came home from work , we 'd exchange gifts .
when i woke up , the scent of cinnamon already permeated the air and will was downstairs , wearing a checkered robe and sharing a cup of coffee with mom .
he always had this outdoorsy scent , like fresh leaves and spice .
and that leftover scent of mystery dinner-'cause i still had n't figured out what she fed me - smelled divine .
his head angled toward me and i caught the familiar scent of his aftershave .
not bad , but a potent mixture of sweat , perfume , and other questionable aromas .
smoothing my hand along the extra pillow , i inhaled , expecting the outdoorsy clean scent that was uniquely his , but all i smelled was a faint trace of citrus .
the car still carried a musty , wet scent to it , a painful reminder of where our mission had ended - in a river .
i might have dreamed him up last night , because in the light of morning , he 'd been gone and the pillow beside me did n't carry that scent i could place anywhere .
in the corner , a tall yellow candle spread a peaches scent throughout the room .
the clean , citrusy scent sparked a muggy , uncomfortable feeling inside me .
why did that scent feel achingly familiar ?
and his scent lingered long after he was gone , on my clothes , the pillow ...
i could n't move my arms and i did n't know where i was for a second , but as i dragged in a deep breath , an earthy scent surrounded me .
the spring roses i 'd planted after school a week before filled the air with a clean , fresh scent .
in some rooms persian carpets cover the floors , and in other rooms they are affixed to the walls , either to muffle sound or to absorb the scent of tobacco or opium smoke .
the scent of the prince 's cologne clings to my dress .
the scent of pine needles is sharp but fresh .
the dark room had a musty , wet smell , laced with a deep coppery scent so strong he could taste it .
thomas grabbed the two bars outside of where she held on , moved close enough to smell her - a surprisingly pleasant scent of sweat and flowers .
minty toothpaste mingles with his scent .
i look like i might burst out of it , but i ' m surrounded in his scent , in something that 's his , so that 's what i try and focus on .
not to soak up all his ocean and boy scent .
i want to wrap myself in that scent .
i endure it stiffly , enveloped as well in a cloud of rose - scented perfume .
i smelled her perfume ; i moved in an atmosphere suffused in lilac .
i smelled it the moment i stepped inside - the sickly sweet odor of death , the unmistakable perfume of decay .
the smell floats about you like a foul perfume .
he shuddered violently and breathed deep the soothing scent rising from his mug .
' the smell floats about you like a foul perfume . '
my question hung in the air for a long time , a different kind of foul perfume .
mr . arkwright , adolphus , and the ` ` foul perfume '' of the monstrumarium .
the red curtains and florid necks above stiff white collars and bare shoulders gleaming golden - skinned and bouquets in crystal vases and everywhere the scent of possibility , of unfulfilled promises and the way a woman 's hair falls against her back .
and i imagined climbing the stairs of the tenement and the smell of cabbages and the reek of human desperation and her sour - faced broker who collected the money and protected her from the overzealous sailor or merchant marine , and then i imagined her room and the roughness of the boards beneath my bare feet and the roughness of her hands and the heaviness of her scent , and would it not be better to touch and be touched than to never touch at all ?
the heavenly scent of pat 's pizza filled my nose .
his sheets were soaked in his scent , and i wanted to turn my head so i could inhale it better .
not sure if that 's an official yankee candle scent , but i 'll check . ''
` ` i like waking up with you in my arms , '' he whispered , inhaling the scent of my hair .
it 's high tide , and hot , which means the salty smell of the sound is especially strong , nearly overcoming the marshy scent of the river .
the sun - warm scent of the river .
i breathe in the chlorine scent , then focus on the steady back and forth motion of my strokes .
the room is airless and smells like pencil shavings and industrial strength disinfectant , all overlaid with too - fruity perfume and sports deodorant , too many bodies .
like a piece of gum will successfully overpower ely 's late - night scent .
the husky , sweet , imaginary scent those flowers give off could almost inspire a velma to flip out into some very daphne - style drunken antics .
then we hit the nose amplifiers , where you can plug in your nostrils and breathe in different scents .
as i lean my head on nick 's arm , i can smell him up close and personal without the club haze of beer and smoke , and he smells faintly of either a cologne spritz or like he had an aromatherapy massage at some spa before this night started , which strikes me as a disturbingly high - maintenance scent for a punk boy .
his scent sends the pieces in my mind together , into finally making sense of him .
she reeked of perfume , and she was wearing her work pants and a blue blouse that puckered under her boobs .
the smell of my mom 's strong perfume stings my nostrils the closer i get .
but damn it , i get a whiff of vanilla from her perfume or lotion .
closing my eyes as the sand sinks between my toes , i breathe in the scent of the fresh , cool lake michigan breeze washing over my face and drink more beer .
i washed it last night , but i close my eyes and bring it to my nose to see if his scent lingers in the fabric .
i hear him exhale , and the cigarette smoke burns my nostrils more than my mom 's perfume .
i got carried away with the way we clicked tonight , your vanilla scent that i wanted to keep inhalin ' forever and ... shit , i really messed this up , did n't i ? ''
usually girls smell too much like flowers or vanilla , but kiara has a distinctly sweet raspberry scent that 's totally turning me on .
` ` they 're p - p - perfect , '' i say , bringing the purple and white flowers to my nose so i can breathe in their sweet scent .
i wish i did n't get a whiff of her sweet perfume as i leaned down next to her .
i can clearly see a stray chin hair she needs to pluck , and her strong perfume burns my nostrils .
he runs a hand through his hair and sends another waft of clean - soap scent my way .
he was so close i could smell the musky scent of his deodorant .
i took a step back , needing to be out of the bubble where all his scents were making me dizzy .
as he got closer , i smelled his familiar scent and could n't believe i had forgotten it .
she threw in a pair of toms slip - ons instead ; as they landed in the bottom of the suitcase , a sharp scent of coconut sunscreen wafted out from the lining , conjuring up images of a sun - drenched beach , rocky cliffs , and a cerulean jamaican sea .
the kitchen smelled of fresh - cut rosemary , which spencer 's mother had started steeping in water ever since she found out it was mr . pennythistle 's favorite scent .
the sudden scent of sandalwood incense tickled spencer 's nose .
all of a sudden , the overhead lights felt way too bright , and the oaky scent of wine made aria 's head spin .
the coconut scent of sunscreen wafted down from a higher point on the trail , and the photos from jamaica spencer had stolen from kelsey 's phone flashed in emily 's mind again .
the familiar scents of rosemary , olive oil , and warm mozzarella tickled her nostrils , and she recognized the gray - haired , no - nonsense woman behind the hostess stand .
the heady scent of the orangey soap noel always used tickled aria 's nose .
the strong scent of chlorine tickled spencer 's nose .
the station smelled like soft pretzels , beer , and perfume .
the air smelled like a jumble of expensive perfumes , and a photographer was flitting around the partygoers , snapping pictures .
the scents of grilled shrimp and filet mignon filled the air , making aria 's vegetarian stomach turn .
just yesterday , the grass had smelled like summer and freedom , but after all that had happened , the scent no longer filled aria with liberated glee .
then , a slow , roiling wind blew through the yard and another familiar scent tickled her nose .
a strong scent of mint wafted through the air .
the sharp scent of hay tickled emily 's eyes .
but their presence still lingered : hanna still got whiffs of kate 's fig and cassis perfume when she walked down the hall or sank into the couch .
the scent of lavender and hair spray wafted through emily 's nose .
the strong scent of burnt soft pretzel from a cart wafted into spencer 's nose .
` ` this place is divine , '' spencer said as she stepped through the revolving doors , inhaling the heady scent of luxury .
she got out and walked under the bridge , inhaling the scent of wet wood .
he smelled like head and shoulders shampoo and tide laundry detergent , such innocent scents .
the house seemed occupied , though - there was an unfamiliar scent in the air and a nagging sense that someone had just walked down the hall .
the scent of fresh - cut grass tickled her nostrils , and as she got closer , she saw that mrs . schultz was setting out a big jug of fruit punch - flavored gatorade , her favorite .
at their old house , wild mint had grown in the side yard ; ali and courtney used to love picking it and pressing it close to their noses to inhale the fresh scent .
the scents of honeysuckle and lilacs drifted through the air .
a strong scent of uprooted dirt swirled through the air , and for a moment , the crickets were silent .
the foyer was drafty and smelled like a mixture of leather and jasmine perfume .
after getting over the stale , icky , pot smell , she began to notice another scent just beneath it .
she felt a hand on her shoulder and smelled ella 's familiar patchouli perfume .
she smelled mike 's familiar piney , smoky scent .
but when emily fields and her father took a sharp left and pulled onto the waterfront , the sky opened up , the scent of salt hung heavy in the air , and the enormous celebrity cruise ship rose before her like a giant , many - tiered wedding cake .
her arresting green eyes sparkled , and she smelled so fragrantly of jasmine perfume that emily felt a little light - headed .
when he unscrewed the cap , the scent of freshly squeezed limes wafted out .
suddenly , a memory of the last time she really remembered the scent wriggled its way into her mind .
a type of perfume emily had never smelled before lingered in the air , and a discarded t - shirt lay on erin 's bed .
emily remained as stiff as she could , though she wanted to bury her face in jordan 's neck and inhale the sweet scent of her skin .
the room smelled thickly of perfume , sweat , and all - natural carpet cleaner .
hanna instantly inhaled a heady whiff of her fruity kate spade perfume .
after emily penned it in , she breathed in the sudden scent of freshly popped microwave popcorn .
the air smelled heavily of jasmine perfume .
the scent of fruity perfume wafted through the air toward her , then vanished .
the scent of fruity perfume wafted through the air toward her , then vanished .
emily 's nose filled with the heady aroma of jasmine perfume .
she cried , inhaling the fresh scents of baby powder and kate spade twirl perfume .
dry heat seeped from its pores , and the sharp scent of cedar hung heavily in the air .
then the familiar scent of baby oil filled her nostrils .
the fruity kate spade perfume naomi always wore was suddenly so overpowering that hanna thought she might throw up .
even though they 'd been dating for over a year , aria 's stomach still flipped when she smelled his slightly lemony , slightly sweaty post - workout scent .
the heavy scent of pine bombarded her nostrils .
the cloying mix of perfumes was giving emily a headache .
a misty rain was falling , and the strong scent of grass tickled her nostrils .
every train that passed rattled the old walls , the scent of stale coffee filled the air , the chairs were n't level , and there was grating electronica playing over the speakers .
if emily breathed in hard enough , she could still smell jordan 's jasmine perfume .
the air smelled like perfume and that vague , chemical dry cleaning scent spencer could never quite pin down .
the air smelled like perfume and that vague , chemical dry cleaning scent spencer could never quite pin down .
suddenly , amid the hand - holding , cheek - kissing , slow - dancing couples , emily could almost feel jordan 's soft skin in her palm , smell the jasmine perfume on her neck .
he gave chase a huge hug , giving off a strong scent of cigars .
ali 's telltale vanilla perfume had wafted through the air , taunting her nostrils .
the inside of the building smelled like a jumble of perfumes and bustled with girls .
spencer inhaled melissa 's clean , soapy scent .
all at once , the scent of perfume wafted through the air .
vanilla perfume .
she wondered if she 'd have enough time to shower when she got home ; she reeked of all the different perfumes she 'd sampled at neiman marcus .
she felt a little nauseated ; burberry smelled way too much like its new perfume .
bridget strode back toward the front door , her jasmine perfume punctuating the air .
the bedroom , which was right off the living room , smelled like mothballs and old - lady perfume , the way all old hollis houses smelled .
the car had run over everything , too : her mascara , her car keys , her mini bottle of chloe perfume .
hanna let out another sneeze , her nostrils tickling with someone 's cloying perfume .
the air smelled like a mix of auntie anne 's pretzels , starbucks coffee , and a melange of perfumes .
then she inhaled the expensive scent of the buttery leather kooba bags and ran her fingers over the denim jeggings and tie - waist marc jacobs chiffon dresses .
the chinks in her hot - girl armor are more obvious than kate 's lilac perfume .
carols hummed from the stereo speakers , a fire blazed in the fireplace , and the piney scent of the douglas fir they 'd bought at the local tree farm filled the air .
it was dark and chilly inside the building , and the scent of essential oils made aria dizzy .
it was a sprawling space of marble and glass that smelled like a mix of expensive perfume and seared steak from a restaurant down the hall .
the room smelled like a mix of perfume and flowers , and soft music played through the speakers .
the ocean roared beyond , filling the air with a salty scent .
a warm , sweet - smelling scent wafted from the white - tiled kitchen .
they were mostly classic scents society ladies wore : joy , fracas , chanel no .
she pushed spencer 's hair behind her ears , ran her fingers over each eyebrow , and then spritzed her with a squirt of joy perfume .
chapter 8 how to get lei 'd when spencer stepped onto the yacht club 's parking lot that night for the pre - new year 's party , she could smell the heady scents of grilled pineapple and poi , tiki - torch smoke , and coconut .
since everyone had been asked to show up dressed for the luau theme , spencer wore a short , floral - printed dress and an orchid flower behind her ear , which kept sending out romantic whiffs of perfume with every toss of her hair .
spencer could smell his sandy , sunscreeny scent and tried not to swoon .
a strong scent of flowers wafted in spencer 's nose , making her queasy .
and emily 's nose tickled with the lingering vanilla scent of ali 's perfume - it was as heavenly as standing in the doorway of a bakery .
and emily 's nose tickled with the lingering vanilla scent of ali 's perfume - it was as heavenly as standing in the doorway of a bakery .
the hall smelled as it always did , like pine - scented floor wax and a confused tangle of perfume and cologne .
fake peach , hanna decided , was her least favorite scent in the whole world .
a strong scent of blue cheese wafted from the kitchen , making hanna 's stomach turn .
a horrible , cloying smell of a sickly , floral perfume filled the air .
the overpowering scent of eucalyptus dog toothpaste turned spencer 's stomach .
the cloying scent of dark chocolate from the fondue station wafted into aria 's nostrils .
the scent of pine and early summer flowers wafted in from outside .
the sweet scent of formula and baby powder drifts from his tiny body .
a hot june evening breeze drifts into the house , bringing with it the scent of the sickly sweet gel he uses to force his brown hair into a styled mess .
her lavender scent engulfs me , and those sky blue eyes draw me in .
the stale stench of cigarettes and the sweet scent of cloves and pot mingle together in the hot summer air .
the full moon gives the field a silver glow and the scent of bonfire smoke hangs in the air .
the scent of mildew hangs in the air .
she leans in and i inhale the distinct scent of roses .
i inhale and welcome the scent of warm earth and summer rain .
i stare straight ahead and try not to focus on the sweet scent of roses drifting from her hair .
my senses are flooded with the scent of roses .
i inhale and all i smell is ryan : the sweet scent of summer rain .
i inhale and her sweet scent envelops me .
i inhale and smell the delicious scent of earth after the rain .
wood in the bonfire crackles and snaps and creates a rich scent that relaxes me .
i kiss her head again , revel in the scent of roses , and fight the urge to shut my eyes .
the scent of bacon and onions drifts in the air .
the strong scent of dark spices tickles my nose and i inhale deeply .
isaiah steps away from the car , taking the dark scent of calm with him .
the bitter scent of alcohol burns my nose and as i glance at rachel , i close my eyes .
the jacket has a sweet scent that reminds me of the ocean .
i suck in a breath through my mouth to avoid her scent and step back , dropping my arm to my side .
the scent of the ocean enters my nose and my jeans tighten .
her pungent perfume hits me wrong , and i concentrate on not gagging .
and i smell him : his calming scent of spices .
the early - morning sun warms her hair and i linger so i can inhale the delicious scent of jasmine mixed with salty waves .
i choke on the sarcastic laugh and turn my head to breathe in air that 's free of his scent .
the sweet scent of jasmine entwining with the salty smell of the beach rushes into my lungs .
my mouth waters as the scent of bacon , toasted carbs and sausage wafts into the air .
his dark scent envelops me and my heart literally trips several times as it tries to continue to beat .
the chair beside me moves and i smell courtney 's faint perfume .
the sweet scent of jasmine reaches my nose , and i only want to lie like this forever .
the sweet scent of jasmine and the ocean washes over me .
each time i inhale , isaiah 's scent fills my nose and i ' m reminded that whatever happens , wherever he 's taking me , i ' m safe .
i nuzzle into her hair and close my eyes , inhaling the sweet scent of jasmine .
resting my cheek against her , i inhale her sweet scent .
i inhale , and it 's the scent of jasmine and when i open my eyes , i see an angel .
i nuzzle the top of rachel 's head , inhaling her sweet ocean scent .
she clung to stone , inhaling the smoky scent of him .
a sweet and spicy scent filled the air already .
a strong , unfamiliar scent clung to him , sharp and somewhat fermented .
it was funny i should think such a thing , now that i was leaving for the guard outpost we were establishing in the fields , but the scent of fresh baked bread had become ingrained in my head as synonymous with safety and comfort .
the wind carried a loamy scent , that of fresh - turned earth .
she wrapped them around me tight and i breathed her in , more smoke and blood , underlaid with the faintest scent of bread .
i stepped into the shop , inhaling the familiar scents .
i smelled bread baking along with the rich , savory scent of soup .
i stepped inside , wrinkling my nose at the strong scent .
the drink was pale but strong with a medicinal scent .
the air was sweet with the scent of ripening apples ; i had people in the trees , picking as many as they could carry .
out here i detected only the wet silt scent of the river and the crushed pine aroma from the bed of needles where the uroch camped , along with smoky wood .
dishes clanked , the kitchen staff bustled about , and an amalgamation of scents battled with one another .
he breathed in deeply , enjoying the scent of the flowering trees and the recently cut lawn .
there was a musty scent to the place : the smell of old books and parchment mixed with that of dank brick walls .
the large chamber was filled with shadowed shapes and a dusty scent .
it smelled of faded violet perfume and the stale smoke of lady arista 's cigarillos .
under the shower , i finally washed my hair , using mum 's expensive shampoo , which was n't really allowed , and some of her conditioner as well , even at the risk of being given away by the wonderful scent of roses and grapefruit .
james shook a handkerchief out of his sleeve , and the scent of lilies of the valley wafted through the air .
lady lavinia did it for me , coming between us in a cloud of lily - of - the - valley perfume .
i ' m engulfed in her perfume and the rank cigarette residue .
i shift myself until i ' m comfortable and close my eyes , inhaling the clean scent of his pillow .
i ' m suddenly too aware of everything in the air around me , the scents and small noises and footsteps outside my door .
the room is heavy with the scent of wet stone , upturned soil ; the air is dank and earthy .
i think about adam 's hands on my body and his lips so close to mine and the scent of his skin drenched in a steaming downpour soaking the two of us together and suddenly my heart is two fists pounding on my ribs demanding escape .
breathes in the scent of my hair and kisses the side of my head and i ' ve never felt anything so incredible in my life .
his scent is assaulting my senses .
i step inside and my senses are almost immediately assaulted by the scent of jasmine .
mary ignored them , and followed the scent of chocolate to a garish african - themed room , where she found nick waiting .
he picked up hints of them on the air among the various scents of the city as he approached downtown .
he had forgotten how much he liked the scent of chocolate .
bittersweet ... again , that scent of chocolate came to allie , and although she was sure it was just her imagination , she looked around her in the growing light of dawn , trying to find its source .
he runs his hand through my hair as i take in his scent .
i inhale as i take in the scent of his aftershave .
when i get back inside the car , i get a whiff of her perfume .
she runs her hand through her hair , sending a slight scent of vanilla in my direction .
the heady perfume of the dancing wildflowers would hug my senses every time the breeze rattled their song and took them with it on its journey to soothe my cheeks from the heat of the afternoon sun .
the relieving scent of the damp soil when the sun had pushed the sky too far and it wept rain for days on end , before wearily turning the world back over to its golden companion .
turning sharply from them both to make my way to the fabric stall my magic was called to , i drew in a breath at the pleasant sandalwood scent of wolfe as he fell into step beside me .
my senses were overwhelmed by the vibrancy and decadence of the opera hall , the wealthy audience and vivacious stars that took to the stage , the scent of jasmine in the air .
i could feel the heat from his skin inches from mine , the scent of him tickling my senses .
and his mouth ... his kiss was hard and persistent now and i pushed into it , intoxicated by the feel and scent of him all around me .
i stepped inside the humid air of the orangery , the scents somewhat overwhelming .
at the sound of a creak behind me , my ears perked up , and then his familiar scent hit me .
i imagined the overwhelming aroma of the forest might calm me with its musky floral , honey , laurel , and freshly cut - grass smells all breathing beneath the heady scent of rich , dark soil .
l suddenly drew to a stop as a new scent drifted by us in the wind .
she was closer now , and i could smell her floral perfume .
noah picked them up and pressed them to his face , inhaling the scent of me .
i snuggled into the warmth , the scent of noah surrounding me like an embrace .
he nipped gently at her neck , inhaling her fresh , feminine scent .
he breathed in her scent deeply , imprinting her onto his senses .
he buried his face in her neck , holding her as tightly as she held him , breathing in the sweet , unique scent of maria .
` ` i came to see if you were ok . you have n't been at school all week ; i thought maybe something terrible happened to you , '' he stepped past me into my house and i inhaled his scent , feeling suddenly dizzy .
he pulled me into his arms and i inhaled his sweet , herbal scent .
my body willingly molded into his strong embrace and i inhaled his scent .
` ` kiran , '' i sighed again , wrapping my arms around his strong neck and inhaling his scent .
the fragrant perfume from the vibrant petals filled my nostrils and i was suddenly very excited about the ceremonial bath portion of today 's festivities .
i took quiet , careful steps to his bedside , breathing in the familiar scent of him and wanting more than anything in the world to brush back his blonde tussles that had fallen across his forehead .
delicious scents wafted from inside , as if the most intricate meal had been prepared for our arrival .
on one end was a dining room , with wide , heavy , burgundy , floor pillows surrounding a low table laden with exotic delicacies creating the delicious scent i could smell from across the sand .
his skin , hot against my face , felt comforting and familiar and for the first time since the first night we got engaged i inhaled his herbal , masculine scent .
the scent of the flowers at night , and the warmth of the summer breeze floating over my bear arms drugged my senses .
i dipped my head closer to the manuscript and inhaled the earthy scent .
using my magic , i lit the fire for her with a concentrated burst of electricity and settled into my chair while the small flames grew larger , licking the forest wood and sending heavenly scents of fall and smoke into the air .
my magic jumped and sizzled inside my veins with her so close , her delicate waist in my hands , the scent of her hair and skin intoxicating me .
the air around her was intoxicated with her scent , vanilla and lilacs and beauty .
i inhaled her perfume ; she 's all around me and all i could smell was vanilla and lilacs .
the scents of cigarette smoke and strong coffee drifted around us and i felt like sighing with contentment .
i inhaled her sweet scent , and memorized the feel of her touching me .
hookah 's had been placed around the room , the air filling with the spiced scent of tobacco .
it smelled of airy perfume , and all the trees were hung with flowers .
nevertheless , i slip close to him so i can feel his heartbeat and smell his scent , grass and sweat and something else i ca n't name .
and not the astringent scent of medical cleanser , but light , airy , clean - scented soap .
i find that her scent clings to the pillow , and i bury my face in it at night .
for long moments we sit there on the floor of the medical wing , me sobbing wildly into the shoulder of his suit jacket , inhaling the familiar scent of his cologne .
he buried his face in my neck , breathing in my sweat from the game , and the crisp wind scent from running around outside .
i inhaled him- the delicious scent that was seth and the aura of light that he would never lose- no matter how dark his life became .
i could hear the commotion around me , even though i could n't make sense of it , i could smell the familiar scent that was only mead high school and a lingering hint of sulfur .
frost shone on the walls of the antique buildings and the faint scent of sulfur hung in the air .
he leaned in to me with his minty - cigarette scent and asked in a quiet voice , ` ` want to go outside with me ? ''
he was still smoking and the strong scent of tobacco filled my car and filtered into my clothes .
my senses filled with him , like they always did- his masculine scent , his ripply muscles , the way he draped his arm across me .
he smelled amazing tonight , like himself and the masculine scent of a cologne he usually did n't bother with .
when i breathed in , it was entirely him- his scent , his essence , his love .
his scent flooded her - an overwhelming combination of earth and rain .
she managed a small smile , inhaling her adoptive mother 's scent of earth and lavender .
there were lots of kids already buzzing around ; the air filled with the scent of teenage pheromones .
she took a deep breath , her nostrils filling up with those icky pheromones and a hint of damp earth scents mixed with individual fragrances she would soon come to identify with the other pack members her age .
lucien was happily surprised when he heard the chime on the front door of the store sound , and then the familiar , sweet scent of caia drifted into his workroom .
she sniffed the air and found the familiar scents of her housemates , plus magnus , dimitri and ryder .
she sniffed and lucien 's scent hit her .
his skin was hot , and as she brushed her cheek across it she inhaled his comforting scent of storm and damp earth .
she found the clearing where she and lucien had first played together , and stood strong gazing up at the moon , the scents of the night fluttering up her snout and spreading through her body like rightness .
no matter how good lucien 's scent felt on her skin .
it smelled of him and she wondered momentarily if he had lied about not being able to find her a shirt from his mom 's closet just so she would be encased in his scent .
his stormy scent infiltrated her olfactory senses and her stomach inappropriately clenched in desire .
` ` rose , '' he murmured and she pulled back , her citrusy scent bringing with it a rush of memories .
jae inhaled julia 's damp earth and peaches scent that flooded her brain with warm memories .
she sniffed the air and an unfamiliar sweet scent she could n't quite identify swam up her nostrils .
she inhaled the scent of damp earth and electric air , and was n't surprised when lucien came to a stop by her side , his own eyes staring straight ahead out of the window .
by tugging on her hand he pulled her closer to him , his scent enfolding her and warming her instantly .
strong , warm arms encircled her and she found herself snuggled against lucien 's chest , his familiar scent soothing her rattled nerves .
the sound of crashing water met his ears , the invigorating scent of salty ocean cleansing his dirt - filled nose and waking his numb senses .
he almost smiled , remembering the heat of the sun on his cold skin , the fragrant scent of the sea air , the lightness of his steps where he touched shore .
she felt his lips in her hair and the shudder of his relief , and as she breathed in his familiar scent caia felt a rush of painful affection .
spotting lucien 's shirt strewn across the sofa in the corner caia rushed for it , pressing the fabric to her face so that his scent flooded her nostrils .
she smelled like caia , damp earth of the wolf and the vanilla scent of a magik .
the feel of him close to her , his scent , his heat nudged at her heart , adamant to start it beating again .
smelled good too , she thought longingly , as she caught his scent in the breeze .
as his scent flood her senses she began to shudder for another reason .
caia held on for dear life , breathing in the familiar scent of her friend and mentor , clutching her as if she were afraid she would disappear any minute .
she held on tight , breathing in the scent of her favorite lykan .
as she neared lucien 's room she began to taste his scent in the air and her ears perked up hoping to catch any sound of him .
she mumbled against him , breathing in his wonderful scent .
her perfume smelled like patchouli .
but the scent was in her mind for some reason , as if she 'd conjured it from a memory of another wave , and she did n't know what that meant .
there was something else in the air - the scent of citronella , strangely familiar .
i can almost feel the softness of her hair and skin , taste her , smell the scent of her shampoo .
i ' m about to fall asleep when the familiar scent of expensive perfume burns at my nostrils .
the inside of the car smells like him and i breathe in the scent as i move the food bag out of the way , climb in , and close the door .
he kisses the top of my head and inhales my scent .
i breathe in through my nose , inhaling the scent as i kiss him .
i swat his arm and then sit down onto kayden 's lap , immediately overwhelmed by the scent of his cologne .
i nuzzle my face against his chest , breathing in the scent of him as i hug my notebook .
his peculiar smell wafted over me , that strange mix of incense and mildew , and the scent of turned earth .
the air felt curiously warm and was perfumed with the scent of thousands of white flowers , grown in grisha hothouses .
i smelled sea salt and sweat and , beneath it , his familiar scent - keramzin , meadow grass , the dark green heart of the woods .
* * * ravka in summer was at its most lovely , its fields thick with gold and green , the air balmy and sweet with the scent of warm hay .
count minkoff was apparently known for breeding dwarf fruit trees , and the hallways of the dacha were lined with clever little topiaries that filled the rooms with the sweet scent of peaches and plums .
the air was heavy with the scent of some night - blooming flower and , beneath that , the tang of lemons .
the air felt warm and smelled sweet with the scent of summer and woodsmoke .
the smell of wet earth and mold filled my nostrils , mingling with the sweet incense scent of the chapel .
bodies writhed and undulated on the dance floor , stirring the subtle smell of sweat and the heavy scent of perfume .
bodies writhed and undulated on the dance floor , stirring the subtle smell of sweat and the heavy scent of perfume .
comforting , familiar scents in a terrifying situation .
i leaned my head against her , inhaling her familiar perfume .
i passed the coffee bar , inhaling the rich scent of roasted fresh coffee beans before i entered the main hall .
i desperately wanted to launch myself into his strong arms , to inhale the scent of his skin , but the look on his face stopped me in my tracks .
as we walked past him , i caught a whiff of his distinctive scent and my eyes filled with tears .
the soothing scent rose from the hot bath and filled the bath chamber .
as she flipped through the pages , i inhaled the scent of old paper as my mind whirled .
i could see why so many men had fallen victim to her charms- even her scent was intoxicating .
sheer curtains fluttered in the wind , bringing with it the pungently floral scent of the olympic breeze .
i inhaled his masculine scent , clinging to his strength like a drowning person to a life raft .
i sit down on one of the chairs on the paved area overlooking the big garden , resting the glass on the table , and let the afternoon sun drift over me , savouring the absolute tranquillity of this garden , the calmness it offers , as the heady scents emitting from the blossoms whirl gently around me .
i press my nose to one , inhaling its sweet scent .
` ` maybe they would , '' i wrap his coat tightly around me , pressing my nose into the collar , inhaling his scent , ` ` but i ' m not so sure i want to go back .
his stubble grazes against my face sending shivers rippling through me , the heady scent of his aftershave intoxicating me .
it smells of him , his scent setting off an ache deep inside me .
but now i ' m finding it really hard to concentrate because all i ' m aware of his that his leg is touching mine , and how he 's so close i can smell his aftershave entwined with the scent of the beach .
i rest my head back onto his shoulder and press my body closer to him , comforting myself in his scent , and curl my leg up against his .
the kitchen was replaced by a swirl of images , sounds , and scents flashing through my head in rapid succession : the wind blowing through a field of wheat , large white buildings that hummed softly and seemed to be perched near the ocean , a dark hole that might have been a cave , the sound of someone - a child ? -sobbing .
then i 'd remember the sensation of touching the medallion - the roaring sound , the scent of the field , and the warmth of his skin beneath my hand - and i would know beyond all doubt that my grandmother was telling the truth , which led to the question of how on earth she expected me to fix things .
the scents of chamomile and lavender drifted up from the cup .
i breathed in his scent as i tried to fight back the tears .
the early - evening breeze picked up the faint , familiar scent of his shampoo , so i knew it was him before i even looked up to see those beautiful gray eyes with their tiny flecks of blue .
i close my eyes and take him in , his natural scent that i always crave , the hardness of his arms and legs , the heat coming from his skin .
the air is thick with liquor breath , perfume , and cigarette - smoke - laden clothes .
leaning into the crook of her neck , i shut my eyes and inhale the scent of her skin .
there were smells that wafted off the trees when the wind blew a certain way , impossible scents of lamb dumplings or sour cherry babka .
and then she smelled it , hot and sweet , a fragrant cloud so dense with scent it singed the edges of her nostrils : burning sugar .
dusk came , and as nadya finished sprinkling salt along the edges of the path , the scent of gingerbread drifted to her across the clearing , rich and spicy , filling her nose until she felt nearly drunk .
the winter air carries their warm animal smell and , beneath it , the sweet scent of hay .
but i could n't bear the idea of returning to the queen 's side , of spending the whole night with my nails digging into my palms , smelling her perfume , counting and recounting the line of buttons on that leaf green dress as she held court .
her skin was soft and sweet and matched her honeysuckle - orange scent absolutely .
when she stood , her honeysuckle - orange scent drenched my senses and i nearly fell over mrs . kitt .
when the doors opened , the air spilling in from the outside tossed her hair about her face and carried that honeysuckle - orange scent rolling towards me .
placing my hand at the small of her back , i leaned into her ear , breathing in the scent of her hair .
the wind carried itself throughout the diner , caught julia 's perfume and sent it through my nostrils .
i buried my face in her neck and breathed in her inviting perfume .
the bell of her dress fanned around her when she sat and blew her heavenly scent my direction .
my face was right next to hers and i could smell her perfume .
i took a deep breath through my nose and nearly drowned from the heavenly delirium that was jules ' perfume .
i dozed off breathing in the scent of her shampoo .
her perfume wafted into my nose .
i breathed in , desperate to smell his scent of ocean and the woods after a fresh rain that was so uniquely masculine , so uniquely elliott .
their desperation to get in on the lying game reeks worse than the latest viktor and rolf flowerbomb perfume , which , fittingly , is their signature scent this summer .
the room is bathed in a soft glow , the candles giving off a clean , fresh scent .
we 're so close now i ' m enveloped in his clean , grassy scent .
her turquoise dangle earrings sway back and forth , and the heady , cloying scent of prada candy that she 's doused herself in wafts my way .
i inhale the scent of the warm summer evening , flavored by the scent of woodsmoke a few houses down .
i inhale the scent of the warm summer evening , flavored by the scent of woodsmoke a few houses down .
someone has queued an eighties dance playlist , and the room is frenzied , smelling of a sweaty mix of summery , floral perfumes .
i inhale deeply , taking in thayer 's clean scent .
the air is fragrant and thick with the scent of acacia blooms , and a light breeze rustles the cool night air .
certain emotions and senses flashed deep beneath the surface - vague blips of elation and thrill as we passed a restaurant called north , the smell of jasmine perfume as the cab swept past the shops at la encantada - but nothing solid emerged .
she inhaled the jumbled scents of sunscreen , dust , and sun - baked rock .
the air smelled like a melange of everyone 's perfume and hair products , with a slight undertone of booze .
the strong scent of rum tickled emma 's nostrils as she wove through the mass of kids , keeping tabs on ethan 's head .
a slight smell of perfume and brand - new denim wafted out .
the feel of sliding into bed when you 're exhausted , the clean scent in the arizona air after a storm during monsoon season , the flutter in your stomach when you see your crush walking down the hal .
the scent of watermelon wafted through the air .
the scent of lemon trees and a musky mix of women 's and men 's colognes hung in the air .
a musty , closed - up scent assaulted her nostrils .
when emma breathed in , she could detect the faintest scent of coconut in the air .
emma 's nose tickled with the cloying scent .
emma could smel his signature ethan - ish scent , a mix of deodorant , freshly laundered clothes , and spearmint .
very quickly , the cabin fil ed with the mingling odors of perfume , costume makeup , and cinnamon altoids , which laurel had passed around as soon as madeline started the engine .
my nose tickled with the scent of antiseptic and sickness .
the scent of roasted hazelnuts greeted her in the kitchen .
she caught the scent of his spicy aftershave as he leaned in close .
the scent of wildflowers wafts into the car .
the pungent scents of roasted potatoes and grilled beef filled the air .
laurel stood in the doorway in a cloud of tuberose perfume , her hands on her hips .
as soon as they passed through the front doors , the smell of new clothes and sugary perfume swirled in their nostrils .
emma toyed with a silver guardian angel charm that hung on the rearview mirror , swearing she could smell a trace of sutton 's perfume lingering in the air .
the wind kicked up , bringing with it the mingled scents of rotting trash and flowers from the gardens .
the air smelled of pot roast , fresh bread , and - of course- charlotte 's chanel chance perfume .
emma returned the hug , inhaling the woman 's gardenia perfume .
she caught the scent of his minty shampoo as he shifted in his seat to face her .
the scent of yellow mustard tickled emma 's nose , and a soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck .
the smell of sunscreen and perfume greeted emma 's nose as a pack of sophomores hustled past .
emma 's nose twitched from the competing scents .
suddenly , the smell of the perfumes made emma a little ill . why was laurel saying things to grandma about sutton and thayer ?
the smell of laurel 's tuberose perfume greeted her like a rush of heat .
as i walk down a long hall , the air is filled with the crisp scent of eucalyptus , and i can feel my heart rate slowing already .
the sweet , fried scent of funnel cake wafts through the air .
garrett 's mother enclosed her in a quick hug that smelled like jasmine perfume and potting soil .
emma could smell her elizabeth arden perfume and a faint whiff of earl grey tea .
feeling her skin heating through to mine , the scents that were all her own , the innocent smile lighting up her face , it was like a brigade of assassins attempting to kill my restraint .
having her hovering above me , smiling the one only emma could , pinned to the bed by her knees , the scent of her sheets - and these were only a few of the sensations that were intoxicating me - i laid beneath her like an old man on his death bed , happy to go out with his boots on .
i trailed julia into the very college guy dorm room , right down to the beer posters featuring models bursting from their bikinis and the stale scent of body odor and laundry piled in the corner .
she was standing under the striped awning of a vendor from the southern continent , debating if she had enough to buy the pair of curled - toe shoes before her and the lilac perfume she 'd smelled at a wagon owned by white - haired maidens .
she wound up buying the shoes , though it was nearly impossible to pass over the lilac perfume , which smelled even more lovely the second time she approached the priestesses ' stall .
it was nearing eleven when celaena unlocked the door to her apartment , breathing in the already familiar scents of home .
celaena wrapped her arms around him and held him close , breathing in his scent .
he was standing so near that she could see the fine thread detail on his jacket , and smelled not perfume , but horses and iron .
the staircase swooped down , winding on and on , and she followed the rose scent whenever another door or arch appeared .
her servants sprayed perfume , and the young woman gulped down sugar water before putting her hand on the door .
she stiffened as his mouth touched her skin , and though the kiss was brief , he breathed in the scent of her .
he could still feel her lips on his , smell the scent of her hair , and see the gold in her eyes flickering in the candlelight .
she could feel the lingering oil from nehemia 's hands and smell her friend 's lotus - blossom scent on the engraved wood .
his scent was clean and woodsy , like he had rubbed against a pine tree in the morning .
i wanted to yell at him , and , at the same time , i wanted to burrow under his arm and wrap myself in his scent .
the clean , spring scent that i had associated with noah floated around me , interfering with my ability to focus on my pages .
i wished it was the shirt noah was wearing so i could be wrapped up in his scent and surrounded by the warmth of his body .
her musky scent filled my nose and her taste on my tongue made me want to spill .
it was n't being wet or sticky that was bothering him , it was the sweet scent of the luster .
he brought the apple to his nose and breathed in the sweet scent , his mouth filling with saliva .
before coming home , perry had spent an hour scrubbing the scents from his skin and hair with handfuls of sand .
dust motes swirled in the dim loft , how he imagined scents must look , always churning through the air .
perry peered at the satchel by his feet , hoping the worn layer of plastic would keep vale off the scents wrapped within .
when her floral scent reached him , he could n't stop himself from bringing her closer .
every scent came to perry clear and strong on the cool night air .
all its scents faded and old .
her skin breathed a new scent into the air , faint but unmistakable .
pine blasted his nose , shrouding subtler scents and stunting his range .
just as he was growing frustrated with his pine - fettered nose , he crossed a sweet scent that set his mouth watering .
she had n't smelled perfume since she 'd been in the realms .
perry swallowed the tight feeling in his throat , keeping still and quiet on the cot as salt mixed with all the scents in the room .
softer than the scent of roses in the realms .
the room held her scent .
` ` scents , the way i get them , are more than smells .
he thought she had a scent like violets ?
he sneezed at the caustic scent of the gel aria spread over the charred skin , and then he sweat even more at the cool burn that seeped deep into his knuckles .
the scent of pine burned deep into his nostrils .
he breathed in her violet scent , drawing strength from it .
this breeze carried a pine scent .
the air held no traces of human or animal scents , or even the cluster of mushrooms he spotted at the base of a tree .
her sweet violet scent was everywhere .
the room sweetened with her violet scent , drawing him in , becoming everything , and he felt it .
then came her violet scent , drawing his focus completely to her , to the way she looked this close , just in front of him .
when they stepped into the close space of the elevator , aria 's scents flooded into his nose , a combination of violets and sweat and pride and power .
perry brought in all the scents , letting earth and wind tell him what they 'd find .
by dawn , perry could n't ignore the scents that clung to them any longer .
the scents of the tree carrying a winter tone . ''
she was so close , her scent moving through him , filling him .
he kissed her and lost himself in the silk of her skin , and in her violet scent .
when they joined , her scent was brave and strong and certain .
your scents are too different .
brought in her scent , breathing deep , letting it mellow him .
` ` your scent is like violets in early spring , '' he whispered .
he had inhaled and known the scent of their loyalty .
perry strode across a field that crunched like tinder beneath his feet , inhaling the familiar scents of salt and earth .
she drew in its scent and imagined perry walking beside her , his bow across his back , looking over with his lopsided grin .
it carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals .
it carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals .
we leave the cave , trading the smell of sage and standing water for the outside smells : burning forest mixed with fresh ocean scent , and that peculiar prickle of the aether , which is n't a scent so much as a creeping , crawling sensation over your skin .
we leave the cave , trading the smell of sage and standing water for the outside smells : burning forest mixed with fresh ocean scent , and that peculiar prickle of the aether , which is n't a scent so much as a creeping , crawling sensation over your skin .
i pull her close and drift back to sleep , breathing in her strawberry scent .
the cool air smelled brackish and smoky , the scents so strong she could taste them .
the scents of life - earth , grass , and game - seemed buried beneath the acrid stench of smoke .
the violet scent he loved .
black as onyx , steeped in her violet scent .
a thick , chemical scent came from the various bags and tubes that fed into cinder 's arms .
the scent of the medicines hung heavily in the room .
her attention dropped to his mouth , her scent growing warmer , sweeter .
perry stared at the door for long minutes after they 'd gone , breathing in the residual scents in the small room .
their happiness flooded his nose with bright scents , their tempers bringing him the spring the aether had taken .
every breath was like hearing a new language - a process of recognizing soil and plant and animal scents , but also learning them as new .
aria looked up , her violet scent filling him with steadiness .
i have to tell him where it is in the bag and he pulls it out , blushing all the while , what with his hand in amongst the lacy things , the smell of frenchy perfume wafting out of the bag and up his nose .
i inhale her smell : rosewater and vanilla , an old lady 's perfume .
it even smells better than regular schools : pine and chalk and a fragrant mix of expensive perfumes .
i smell smoke , the scent of the fire still lingering in the air .
there 's the faint scent of sawdust in the air , new paint , and this : the hint of some distinctly masculine smell , like deodorant or aftershave , and now the breathing .
will he like my perfume ?
i can smell her perfume , light and fruity and feminine .
a faint scent of spice and ocean invaded my nose , the subtle smell drowning out the heavier smells of the bar .
i inhaled the scents of cinnamon and bergamot and ocean of his faint cologne into my airways .
a cloud of perfume and hairspray threatened to choke me as she sprinted past .
sam stepped in between my legs and placed her soft hands on my chest and her sweet scent mixed with gunpowder drained away any anger i 'd felt toward the subject matter .
her scent filled my head and the air around us shrank until all i knew was her small body sitting so close to mine .
i 'd been down here before and loved it , but this time i went slow , savoring every scent and flavor her body exuded .
carrie sat down next to me , so close i could smell the perfume and feel the heat off her body .
it was an embrace , and she was marking me with her stupid perfume .
carrie stepped even closer and the scent of her perfume made my stomach churn .
carrie stepped even closer and the scent of her perfume made my stomach churn .
` ` i ' ve always wondered if you wore a cologne but the hints of a scent were always so subtle .
even with gray gone , i liked to sleep in our bed , wrapped in his scent , surrounded by his things .
i dabbed a bit of my favorite citrus perfume on the backs of my ears and a little in the small valley of my br**sts .
so what that every time i inhaled , i could smell a warm , inviting masculine scent ?
i stuck my nose into the crook of am 's neck and burrowed deep , taking comfort in her body and her scent , which was becoming so familiar and dear .
i spritzed myself with a light perfume from a sample the fragrance counter had given me .
i nuzzled her hair , filling my lungs with the fresh lemon scent of her shampoo .
` ` i 'll stop by later this week , '' i promised , breathing in the aunts ' familiar scent of youth dew , hairspray , and smoke .
i never thought i would be grateful for the scent of crab bisque , but as i pulled the coat tighter around me , i was glad that was all i could smell .
ducking my head , i pressed my cheek to his neck , wanting to breathe in the safe , familiar scent of him , wanting to climb inside his soft gray t - shirt , wanting to hide in him .
the scent of roses wafted over me as saylor held onto mom and looked deep into her eyes .
she smells of vanilla and wildflowers - a scent that pings his memories in several nonspecific places .
una sits in a comfortable chair with a cup of steaming tea - from the scent of it , one of elina 's herbal elixirs .
the rest drift within him like scents on the wind .
the kick of drowsy lion parried with alert jaw of jackal and then an attack in devious swan , fended off with beguiling perfume of precious peonies , and ... and then i see an opening .
the scent of berries and something musky and good filled me .
i leaned closer , inhaling her sweet scent .
seven fresh banana - nut bread cooled on the counter , filling the apartment with its savory scent .
her scent , that heavenly mixture of berries and musk , caused a lot of my body parts to twitch .
i dropped my face to the top of her head , inhaling her scent and soaking her response in , holding her close to my heart .
turning , i opened the door and was met with the scent of apple .
i ' ve traveled around some in this world , but never have i been in a more beautiful place - soaring cliffs , blue water and crashing surf , hanging gardens that assault the senses with their heady perfumes , and acres upon acres of the finest grapes .
it 's jasmine perfume .
yes , my head could be resting on a chopping block instead of reclining here on her lap , jasmine perfume swirling all about us , and her fingers - her very knowing fingers - gently tracing the lines of my face .
she then turns and walks away in a rustle of silk and a whiff of jasmine perfume .
i tried to breathe in the smell of him , but all i could smell was perfume ... and not my perfume .
` ` all i smell is her perfume on you !
why do i smell her perfume on you ? ''
* * * the moment i got into jeff 's truck , i smelled her perfume , and i almost threw up .
his familiar citrusy scent dove inside her and her hunger latched onto it with a fierceness that debilitated her .
not cool , '' she whispered , breathing in the scent of lucy 's soul , tainted as it may be .
her heart fluttered as his scent flooded her insides , making the hunger yawn and bat at it , like a kitten at a mouse .
his familiar citrusy scent teased the hunger .
that strong citrusy , woody scent enveloped her and the hunger roared with approval .
and i know those technically are n't scents but ...
there was a strong floral scent in the open hallway of the house and as her eyes took in the coats on the coat rack , the jumble of shoes below , the blue bicycle in the corner , a dirty soccer ball , she surmised that mcleish had a family .
to her chagrin , her heart began racing and pounding , that citrusy scent of his that used to drive her hunger wild , surrounded her and ... oh my god .
it thumped for noah 's proximity , for how much his citrusy , familiar scent made her want to sway into him .
she staggered back a little , inhaling his yummy noah scent .
the stinging , sickening scent of copper rent the air and eden gulped down a little bit of bile as she gazed at her handiwork .
fury poured over noah as he stepped quietly out into the cool night air and smelled the coppery scent of blood from tobe and cameron 's wounds .
stepping out into the humid night air that stung the nose with a threatening metallic scent that warned of electricity , eden shared one last questioning look with cyrus .
a floral scent itched my nose when she stepped closer to me .
the cinnamon scent and the way i loved how she looked all curled up in my bed .
that cinnamon scent of hers floated around me , but i tasted it too , all spicy and aspen , going straight to my head .
the vanilla scent and the smooth skin .
they had a scent bar where you could create your own , but i did n't want him to smell like anything other than his usual mix of shampoo and body heat and spark .
the scent of the season was marshmallow , and janna spent a good amount of time experimenting with the different kinds before deciding that lightly browned was her favorite .
the flowery smell of her perfume reminds me that while ashtyn talks tough and is a football player , she 's 100 percent female .
i ' m suddenly surrounded by the scent of his cologne and i breathe it in .
i kiss his neck and the musky scent of maleness envelops my senses .
i walk on the field , and the familiar scent of fresh - cut grass envelops me .
two leagues short of over there , where the third piece is , there stretches a garden of violent colors and rich perfumes where black butterflies glisten on the rims of pink marble fountains , and bright vines weave in and about .
` ` two leagues short of over there is a garden of violent colors and rich perfume , where black butterflies glisten on the rims of pink marble fountains , and the only thing white in it is a silver - white unicorn who guards the third piece of the mirror . ''
` ` but will it work even if the grey man is already in the garden of violent colors and rich perfumes , walking past the pink marble fountains where the black butterflies glisten on their rims ? ''
in the garden the grey man , with sunglasses tightly over his eyes and an umbrella above his head , was indeed walking through violent colors and rich perfumes , past pink marble fountains where black butterflies glistened .
every turning brought fresh and vivid scents of soil and leaves and air , and life was shimmering and beautiful .
and in his new shape he found her greatest charm in something he had not been able to appreciate fully as a human being : the deep , heady scent of her flesh .
her accent was as faint and as almost familiar as her perfume .
as i breathed in the thick honeysuckle and lavender perfume of the alabama summer , i could make out a few shapes .
i could even smell their fear , an acrid scent coating the air between us , stinging my nostrils .
i also caught hints of sugar , perfume and cologne , everything combining to form a cloying musk .
heat enveloped me , followed by the scent of sun - dried laundry and sandalwood .
smelled a collage of different perfumes , some sugary , some spicy .
i inhaled sharply , caught the scent of sandalwood and almost moaned .
there was n't any writing on the outside , but i knew it had belonged to my mother because her perfume wafted from it .
i smelled sweat and perfume and a few things i could n't identify .
not the heat so much , but the fresh , clean scent .
no perfumes or sweat lingered in the breeze , and i was able to breathe deeply , savor .
as i stood there , taking everything in , i could make out a thousand different scents .
the scents inside the building intensified , so strong now my nostrils actually stung .
i could smell the floral scent of mackenzie 's shampoo , the musk of haun 's cologne and almost everything else i 'd breathed in at cole 's house .
i caught a familiar sandalwood scent .
we dripped our way to the kitchen , the scent of roasting carrots thickening the air the closer we got .
as close as she was , i could smell her - such a sweet , mouthwatering perfume - and i wanted to bite her .
a clean , pure scent .
but underneath it all was the scent of roses ... veronica 's scent .
but underneath it all was the scent of roses ... veronica 's scent .
suddenly i could feel the warmth of his breath caressing my skin , could smell the decadence of his scent , the heat of his skin .
i smelled her perfume .
i licked his neck , inhaled his scent .
the rot had faded , and his scent was crisp and clean , untainted , wonderfully pure , and the more i inhaled , the more i liked it .
he smelled too good , the scent of him invading my senses , making me dizzy with need and want and breaking through whatever new walls i 'd managed to build against him .
the most amazing scent wafted from him .
my nose wrinkled as i caught a peculiar scent , distracting me .
his scent wafted to me once again .
i was too distracted by cole 's heat and scent and general deliciousness to care what it was .
i could smell the sweetest , purest perfume in the air ... wafting from the guards , from kat and reeve , from jaclyn .
the girls rushed to my side , the sweetness of their scents so strong i had to be drooling .
i waited for the scent of her to hit me , to unnerve and obsess me , but encountered only a soft waft of the expensive perfume probably embedded in her skin .
` ` sure , just- '' my gaze had locked on her neck ... on her pulse , glowing so prettily , beating so softly , wafting the sweetest scent to my nose .
moans resounded , and the scent of rot drifted .
i was rubbing my nose against the length of his neck , i realized , barely even conscious of it , getting caught up in the sweetness of his scent .
i pushed open the front door and was surprised to smell the lingering scent of banana bread in the air .
i asked , kissing the top of his head , breathing in his scent , something telling me that i should memorize him and this moment .
the scent of smoke had snuck into everything - the blankets , my hair , my clothes - and it made me feel colder , hollower .
the halls were filled with scents of food , like fat roasting , and something sweeter too .
scents of night - blooming flowers and dark rich loam mingled with the sweet rot of the ancient forest .
the floors were covered in the petals of some desert rose , casting a sweet scent to the air .
the scent of cinnamon and spice wafted to him in the cool breeze .
crammed onto one side of the gravy - brown love seat in geist 's sunlit parlor , which serves as his studio , with the perfume of aunt clara 's oiled ringlets sticky in the air , i wish i 'd had a bite to eat this morning .
the clean scent of pears soap on his skin as he held me close and whispered his love , promising his heart and his safe return .
the darkness is alive and intelligent , and i fancy that i catch a bit of toby 's own boyish scent , grass and cotton .
lemon - oil polish holds a strong scent of expectation .
after so many hours in the dark and pouring rain , all this heat and light , the spiced and fruited perfumes and powders , the voices richly lacquered in wine and laughter , seem to wrap over me in a bracing clench of humanity .
the woody tobacco smoke mixed in heady with the mushroomy , wet - soil scent of the park after a rain .
maybe it was because it was so dark , but i was immediately lost in him , in his touch and the scent of him , all mixed up with the onion - bread garlic smell of the restaurant .
that scent of it , like kai , was exactly what i craved .
if alex had to assign her a signature perfume , she 'd call it lipstick print on a warm glass of coke .
palmer 's signature perfume would be butter rum life saver on a whiff of johnson 's baby oil .
alex has always enjoyed the combination of scents on joshua - they 're his hymn - but this morning , it 's too much .
if gussman were a scent , he would be lime aftershave in a toaster oven .
the word conjured her like a scent on my skin .
her vision sharpened in the low light , and she breathed the layered scents in the air .
she had grown up roaming these pathways , enveloped in the scent of these blossoms .
meilin embraced her for a long time , sinking into her thick fur and enjoying her scent as never before .
trevor could smell a discarded ketchup packet , old gum , and dozens of subtler scents .
struggling , cole inhaled a chemical scent from the damp rag .
a soft wind carried the scent of leaves and wildflowers .
the scent of herbal tea wafted up from half - empty mugs .
the layered scents were more vivid and intense than any sensory indulgence he had ever encountered .
despite the diverse scents discernible in greater detail than ever before , the food did not smell appetizing .
jason inhaled the scent of little bell - shaped flowers , drooping from a slender stalk .
incense burned inside hollow statues , aromatic smoke filtering through tiny holes , the heady scent mingling with the earthy smells of ashes and old leather .
the scent of the salt on the air made him thirsty , and he took a sip from his waterskin .
a musty scent wafted from the open portal .
emerald liquid splashed from the spout to the basin , giving off a fruity scent .
she inhaled deeply , letting the scents clear her sun - and - wine - addled head .
manon was watching the tunnel entrance when she smelled the myrrh and rosemary scent of the blueblood heir beside her .
but this scent ...
and the scent still clinging to the entire apartment belonged to a woman - so similar to what he remembered from childhood , but wrapped in mystery and secret smiles .
aelin would come back , and when she did ... with every breath , aedion felt that lingering scent wrapping tighter around his heart and soul .
she blinked , focusing on her breathing , until she was no longer in that beautiful , jewel box - like room , until the scent of the pine and snow on the northern wind had vanished and she could see the morning mist weaving through the canopy of leaves above her .
the heat and yeasty scent hit her as she bounded down the last steps , slowing her gait , lifting her chin , even though she doubted her aunt would condescend to meet in the kitchen .
but looking at her , breathing in her rosemary - and - mint scent , he knew why .
the scent of pine and snow wrapped around her , and she turned to find rowan standing against a nearby tree .
they did n't reach for her , did n't ask what was wrong , and the bed was so cold - colder than her own , and reeking of copper and iron , and that scent that did not sit well with her .
but she did n't want to know - did n't want to think about the sun goddess and her agenda as she flung herself on rowan , breathing in his scent , memorizing the feel of him .
` ` if you do n't want to ... '' in answer , he stepped closer so i could smell his soap , just touch of citrus , and the warm , sunshiny scent of his skin .
jen lifted her candle , so that the scent of cinnamon wafted up ; she leaned forward until her nose nearly touched the glass .
i grab the bottom of his shirt and bat my eyelashes at him as i lean in , trying not to scrunch my nose at the foul scent of alcohol on his breath .
i breathe in and out until my face becomes hot and the scent of the fabric softener in the pillowcase overwhelms my nostrils , then i turn to the side , facing the wall , sliding the bear aside .
i catch a hint of his scent ; cologne mixed with soap and a splash of tequila .
` ` no , i need to go to class , '' i argue , then hold my breath because the scent of his cologne is delicious .
cigarette smoke and the pungent scent of weed engulfs me as i squeeze through the crowded room .
i open the door and instantly get overwhelmed by the musty scent of beer and peanuts .
as he tips to the side , and lets me look under his ass , i get a peek of his ass as the towel slouches lower on his hip and smell the scent of booze on his breath .
i want to back away from him , because heat and passion are pouring off of him as much as the scent of tequila and vodka is pouring off the both of us .
allow him to pull my shirt off and slip it over my head , so i ' m surrounded in the scent of him .
he 's throbbing inside me , his skin is warm and he smells like beer , smoke , and the musky scent of cologne .
it 's a scent that 's started to wear on me over the last few weeks , but in this unfamiliarly good way , like him , the idea of him and me together .
there it was again , the scent so nearly physical she felt it feathering her nose .
but the water had a scent that was clean and very cold , and she had another of those flashbulb moments : her dad hoisting her onto his shoulders , his strong hands wrapped around her ankles as he waded into lake superior , singing , old dan and i , with throats burned dry , and souls that cry for water ... cool , clear water .
the air was a welter of odors : ellie 's fear , that charry , sweet stench ; her own peculiar perfume of sweat and anxiety ; and that dead - meat stink that billowed through the woods like ashy , gray smoke .
the holster smelled like comfortable shoes mingling with just the tiniest whisper of sweat - a scent that was not hers ; she knew that .
there was ellie 's distinctive scent , and there was also the forest itself and its welter of aromas : the sharp turpentine of pine and the dry spice of dead leaves .
the fabric gave off a musky scent that smelled of safety , like being wrapped up in strong arms that you knew would never let go .
still , there were other times : when their eyes met and his scent deepened to a complex spice and then her heart gave this little jump .
after a few moments , alex felt the girl relax and her muscles soften , and then ellie 's scent became fuller : nutmeg and warm vanilla .
martha 's was also open , judging from the lacy scent of brewing coffee , maple syrup , and pancakes .
` ` like i associate the scent with a memory that gives me a certain feeling , and then i know what they 're feeling .
she forced herself to be very still , wrestled her thoughts to gray , and yet opened her memory to his smell , that strange and spicy scent that was tom .
maybe all that she saw and felt was the sensual fullness of memory : that which abided and was nothing but the ghost of a touch , the whisper of a word , the lingering of a scent .
his dark eyes were suddenly tentative , and his scent was different : still dark and cool , but with just a touch of something sweet and tart at the same time ... . apple ?
the scent of apples faded as he took the case from her .
and was it her imagination , or was the scent of sweet , crisp apples that much stronger , so rich it overpowered everything else ?
his scent steamed then , hot and heady with a welter of contradictions : apples and fire and the electric roil of those cold , black shadows .
a stunning white heat scorched the thought right out of her brain , and then he was pressed against her and her body was tingling and she felt his hunger , his need , and she 'd grabbed the lapels of his coat because she was starving for his touch ; she could n't get close enough , and the scent of spiced apples made her feverish and dizzy .
his nostrils suddenly flared as he inhaled , long and deep , pulling in her scent .
the better to drink nice , warm- her thoughts stuttered as another , more familiar scent of cool shadows intensified , wreathing her like smoke ... and now , there came the faint but unmistakable effervescence of crisp , sweet apples .
however the changed spoke , that particular tangy scent was a signal .
the water 's scent made him dizzy .
the scents of the original owners were very fresh .
the air was electric , fizzy with scents and meanings .
she watched the tear swell then splash to his cheek , and the sour scent of his loss and despair - and , worse , the scorch of his self - contempt - balled in her throat .
she heard the steady thump of his heart , and his scent was ... indescribable .
the day was dying and the breeze , too , and yet the scent feathered her nose , just for an instant : an aroma that was earlymorning mist spread across the dark shadows of a mirrored lake , and just as evanescent .
their heads were thrown back and their mouths hung open as they drank in that strange scent .
his scent clung to her fingers , and her stomach did a little flip .
then , incredibly , a scent of musk and sweet smoke and spice that tugged her heart .
she remembered that the air was laced with the scent of wild lilacs and early honeysuckle .
she could smell the end , rushing to meet her , the water so icy and metallic , a scent of snow and steel laced with that queer , gassy fizz of rotten eggs .
but now that he was so close , she smelled something else in all that mist and shadow : a scent sweet and ... gentle , a light perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle .
but now that he was so close , she smelled something else in all that mist and shadow : a scent sweet and ... gentle , a light perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle .
the air felt warm and carried a scent that was strange and wet , not snowmelt or regular water but like a rusted fender .
both the water 's scent , warm yet somehow sweet and earthy , and the scream of his need were so overpowering his fear and apprehension vanished .
it was in his smell , one that said family ; that breathed safe in a sweet perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle ; that was the scent of her father , ghosting from the haunted attic of her mind : jump , sweetheart .
his scent was hard to read , but it was light and floral , the smell of safe and family .
she managed another suck of air , her nose wrinkling against a weird perfume souring cutter 's flesh : oily onions , greasy sweat - and peanut butter .
then everything clicked into place : that green medic 's pack , the lengths to which wolf had gone to save and protect her , his scent of lilacs and honeysuckle : safe and family .
a luscious perfume of sugar and butter and chocolate ballooned .
while that burnt magnesium scent was still strong , she had no hope of going through each and every pocket before darth made it back .
one has a head of wild , untamed hair ; another is small and his pain is a ripe , bright scent .
the smell was rolling from the woods , too : not only that familiar scent of cool shadows but a rancid fug of desperation .
` ` come- '' the scent she 'd recognized suddenly bloomed peppery and hot .
through the open door came a light floral perfume , but the rest was silence .
a scent of wood smoke hung in the air .
a perfume of rich chocolate and sweet coconut and spicy almond swelled .
one of the church 's heavy wooden doors was ajar ; the spicy scent of incense and spent gunpowder bit her nose .
she 'd smelled like mints , maybe a flowery perfume , but i knew she smelled like that other stuff too .
she kissed my head lightly , the smell of bleach and her perfume surrounding me .
i could smell the faint flowery scent of her perfume , the shampoo she used , could feel the warmth of her cheek as she pressed it against mine .
i could smell the faint flowery scent of her perfume , the shampoo she used , could feel the warmth of her cheek as she pressed it against mine .
the scent was faint , the way wood like cedar or pine smells , its fragrance essential rather than applied .
inside , the faintest scent of incense and greek tea hung in the air .
instead i leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek , feeling the gentle scrape of his stubble and breathing deep to savor his earthy scent .
they had a peculiar odor , like ms . lottie had sent them back in time for authenticity and they 'd returned with a scent of brylcreem and tomato aspic .
the asphalt gave off waves of heat and scent as we hiked across the lot toward the vast factory building .
yes , he was already in the kitchen , but he was doing the sam thing he did so well , looking my dad straight in the eye as he shook his hand , and complimenting my mom on the scents of the big family lunch she was about to serve us .
it was like the sun on my eyelids and the ocean scent in my mouth as i sucked the air in over my teeth .
my lips still tasted like isabel 's perfume .
smelled perfume and sweat .
a pair of men 's black shoes stepped in front of me , accompanied by the scent of coffee .
the breeze carried his scent to me .
i could identify her by the disdain in her voice and the rosiness of her perfume even before i looked up .
but the scent of her , lingering in the damp underbrush , was too strong .
he walked to my dresser and sprayed a puff of my perfume into the air .
i could n't think what i was so desperately missing - surely not my parents , who had n't been around enough to be missed - until i realized that the emotion was being triggered by the wildly sweet strawberry scent of rachel 's shampoo .
the unfamiliar scent made the experience seem dreamlike , foreign and familiar all at once .
she was leaning back against me , breathing in the scent of a candy shop .
i closed my eyes and let myself breathe in the scent of these trees once more .
grace always wore the same perfume .
when i looked back at him , i remembered again that scent of home , far away from toronto .
she leaned toward me , offering her neck , and i kissed her just behind her ear , pretending i could n't still smell the almond scent of the wolf on her skin .
the woods here smelled different than the woods behind grace 's did - here , the air was filled with the sharp , wintergreen scent of the birches and the complex smell of wet earth near the lake .
i remembered the vanilla scent of the frosting , hastily swirled onto the cake with a butter knife .
i could still smell the church scent of the blown - out match , see the reflection of the flame in my mother 's eyes , feel the soft cushion of the kitchen chairs under my skinny , folded - up legs .
rachel was managing to fill the entire car with some very sweet , highly artificial scent that was probably meant to be strawberry .
i would ' ve been in an even better mood if i had n't been there , because i wanted to be smelling the outside air , thick with exhaust fumes and restaurant smells and every thrilling city scent that told me i was somebody .
inside me , the wordless something that had given me my fever and slicked my skin with this scent hummed .
he wrinkled his nose at the heavy yeast scent in the kitchen and said , ` ` i should be surprised that you 're baking , but i ' m not .
blinking in the blackness , i tugged sam 's pillow closer to me , but i 'd used up all of his scent , and it was just a pillow again .
grace , suddenly motivated , stepped into the studio , following the scent of caffeine like a rat after the pied piper .
he buried his head in my shoulder , and i felt him take handfuls of my pajama top in his fists as he breathed in my scent .
i closed my eyes , and for a moment i just let myself inhale the scent of his hair and pretend that we were already back at beck 's house .
i could smell her blood , a warm , bright scent in this dead , cold world .
i pushed my nose into her hand ; the scent on her palm , all sugar and butter and salt , reminded me of another life .
the word christmas immediately evoked memories of the scent of our christmas tree , the dark infinity of the starry december sky above the backyard , and my wolf 's eyes watching me from behind the snow - covered trees .
even though i 'd reluctantly washed my hands to finish up dinner , his musky scent lingered on my clothing , keeping the encounter fresh in my mind .
pine needles , cold rain , earthy perfume , coarse bristles on my face .
i was drunk with it , with the scent of her .
the scent of expensive perfume hit me a second before i lifted my eyes to isabel culpeper standing over my desk .
the tilt of his head told me what he was listening to , and the lift of his chin hinted of the scents he was gathering .
` ` shhh , '' i said , and held my hand out , palm up , letting what was left of my scent waft toward her .
i found myself remembering the sensation of dried leaves beneath my paws and the sharp , rich , slumber - heavy scent of these autumn woods when i was a wolf .
the scent of her shampoo reminded me of the scent of her skin .
the scent of her shampoo reminded me of the scent of her skin .
grace stepped behind me and rested her head on my shoulder ; i breathed in the scent of her .
memories blurred into each other until they became a composite of seasons and scents , their origins obscured .
under my fingers , the stale smell blossomed , releasing secrets in my nostrils , and i recognized the unique scent of my woods .
this close , her scent was exploding in my nostrils .
tonight , the bed seemed too small to escape her scent , the sleepy sound of her voice , the warmth of her body .
every little movement against her arm rubbed off a tiny spark of her scent , a tantalizing mix of flowery soap , faint sweat , and desire for me .
it was something , some strange scent , faint but familiar , that was making my muscles clench and pasting my tongue to the top of my mouth .
and then i smelled them : the metallic stink of blood , the sweaty odor of fear , the earthy scent that matched the dirt on the outside of the tahoe .
i set them on the counter and sam divided the oatmeal between them , releasing a sweet scent .
but i only remembered the scent of sam , sam everywhere , and then the unfamiliar sound of mom 's panic as she scrambled for the phone .
i closed my eyes , recalling the scent of the woods that day and the jolting feeling of moving back toward the house , arms tight around me .
but coming off him in waves was the too - sweet scent of anxiety .
i closed my eyes , flared my nostrils , and let the scents flood in .
the subtle , mild scent of white chocolate .
the butter cookies on the shelves added a floury , comforting scent , and the lollipops , a riot of fruit scents too concentrated to be real .
the butter cookies on the shelves added a floury , comforting scent , and the lollipops , a riot of fruit scents too concentrated to be real .
maybe that unfamiliar scent i caught from her was hope .
i lay in bed and hugged his pillow until there was no more of his scent caught in it .
i followed isabel to a little supply room , cluttered and stinking with a sort of medicinal , rubber scent .
i picked out the scents in the bookstore now : the nutty aroma of the leather , the almost perfumey carpet cleaner , the sweet black ink and the gasoline - smelling color inks , the shampoo of the boy at the counter , isabel 's fragrance , the scent of the memory of me and sam kissing on this couch .
i picked out the scents in the bookstore now : the nutty aroma of the leather , the almost perfumey carpet cleaner , the sweet black ink and the gasoline - smelling color inks , the shampoo of the boy at the counter , isabel 's fragrance , the scent of the memory of me and sam kissing on this couch .
the scent of the winter woods hit me hard , reminding me fiercely of every christmas that had ever mattered .
the intermittent breeze carried her scent to me again and again , singing in another language of memories from another form .
the briny smell of earlier has been mostly replaced by the faint scent of exhaust lingering in the air , but in comparison to the sweat and raw meat smell of the butcher , it 's heavenly .
it smells less like the butter scent of the rest of the building and more of musty cardboard and old cheese .
and that 's when the wind throws the scent of the sea at us .
the cold air smarts as i breathe it in ; the wind carries all sorts of foreign scents .
i smell seaweed and fish and the dusky scent of the nesting birds onshore .
how the scent of sean on his shirt calmed him when nothing else would .
immediately , she was enveloped with the comfortable scent of the room : the faded library - smell of old books , the cool odor of mint , the must - and - rust scent of century - old brick and ancient pipes , the note of funk from the heap of dirty laundry against the wall .
it was claustrophobic with the scent of incense , vases of foreign lilies , reams of white cloth , the broken gaze of a sorrowing christ .
the scent of cabeswater , all trees after rain , drifted past adam , and he realized that while he 'd been looking at ronan , ronan had been looking at him .
it was not the earthy scent of the wet field or the smoky scent of the fall night .
it was not the earthy scent of the wet field or the smoky scent of the fall night .
as they walked , a sudden rush of wind hurled low across the grass , bringing with it the scent of moving water and rocks hidden in shadows , and blue thrilled again and again with the knowledge that magic was real , magic was real , magic was real .
an absolutely perfect breath of henrietta summer air dissipated around them , the scent of the forest when noah had died .
they whirled into the air with their acrid summer scent .
ronan rolled down his window , letting in a gust of hot air and the scent of asphalt and mown grass .
a whiff of that humid scent came through again .
when ronan opened the door , the car was immediately filled with the damp - earth , green - walled , mold - stone scent of home .
scents seemed strangely pronounced : lilac and carpet cleaner , cinnamon and mold .
the air was thick with the scent of boxwood , gardenias , and chinese food .
blue closed her eyes again , inhaling the soft clove scent of her mother and the fading mint of gansey .
she tried to ignore that , this close to the man , he had the overpowering chemical scent of a manly shower gel .
the scent of mint rolled in with him , just as it had in the churchyard .
at nino 's , the blare of the music had drowned out the finer points of his voice and the odor of garlic had overwhelmed the scent of mint .
this close , she again caught the scent of mint , and that made blue 's heart trip unsteadily .
the scent of wildflowers accompanied her presence .
as adam catalogued the scent in the mental file of things that made blue attractive , she said brightly , ` ` looks like it 's going well .
standing this close , meilin could feel the heat radiating from the panda 's body and smell the wet bamboo scent of her coarse fur .
she could smell the faint scent of bread baking - the bakers up early .
there was no answer , but the scent of summer roses lingered , out of place in our untidy room , as if maybe she knew i was lying .
i scrawled busily , filling the room with the scent of permanent marker .
my skin still smelled like nuala 's summer rain and woodsmoke scent .
i still stank like whatever cernunnos ' perfume was , but despite that , i could smell a weird scent hanging over the students .
i got another whiff of the herbal scent , and i had an idea that it must be him .
this guy- '' i turned to look at the weirdo , but there was nothing there , only the lingering scent of rosemary or thyme .
we stood for a moment , staring up at that churning sky , and then my nose caught the now familiar herbal scent .
inside , he turned on the air - conditioning , but the scent of thyme blasted through the vents - stronger than it should have been from just one freaky guy .
smelling the smoky scent of barbecue and standing behind the ` ` please wait to be seated '' sign with the smiling pig on it , i had a momentary sense of deja vu , or missing time or something .
it was n't the sharp herbal scent that accompanied him into the store .
it was the frost of their fur against my skin , the suffocating scent of herbs and clover , and , above all , the howls of the mastiffs and the screams of the lithe sighthounds : our prey , our quarry , we have captured our kill .
i smelled a sweet , flowery scent , as pleasant as a summer day , and then the faerie whispered , ` ` o'brien . ''
it stank of her perfume , which was as obnoxious as she was .
his nostrils flared as if he were taking in my scent , and he ran his tongue across his lips .
breathtakingly fast , aodhan was beside me , his herbal scent so strong it made my head spin .
i inhaled her warm sweet scent .
she wore the same perfume again .
i let her hold me , loving the comforting feel of her and the familiar scent of her perfume .
i let her hold me , loving the comforting feel of her and the familiar scent of her perfume .
i could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below .
i stayed directly on his heels where i discovered that his scent was incredibly appealing , like cedar , musk and the outdoors .
i breathed a deep breath , inhaling the scent of the pine trees that surrounded us here in the mountains .
i was instantly enveloped by his warmth , by his scent , by him .
the colors seemed brighter and more beautiful , the scents around me seemed more fragrant .
i rushed to her side and hugged her , breathing in her floral scent and kissing her lightly on the cheek .
i longed to lean in and inhale his clean , woodsy scent , but i restrained myself .
` ` it 's my natural scent , '' i told him , aware that many mortals and even some goddesses wore perfume .
as i inhaled his familiar scent , curled into his warm side , i pretended that nothing was wrong ... that we were simply laying together as we would any other time .
the gardens were in full bloom this morning , brilliant blossoms of every hue hanging over our heads , lining the walkways and filling the courtyard with heavy floral scents .
i melted against him as we sat , enjoying his masculine scent and the strength that ebbed from him almost palpably .
the scent , combined with saddle oil , was distinctive to this stable and like scents often do , it triggered memories .
opening her door quietly , i was immediately assailed by the scent of roses .
i inhaled the thick scent as i made my way to her massive , curtained bed .
` ` do not scare me like that again , '' he instructed , pulling me closer into the warmth of his hard chest and i inhaled his masculine scent .
the smell of the roses would not come close to overpowering the strong scents of horses , manure , dust and blood that would fill this stadium in a little while .
the white roses next to me allowed their sweet scent to waft into the breeze and i inhaled it deeply .
he shrugged his bony shoulders and i could swear that i caught a whiff of the thick incensy scent that had always accompanied him in alexandria , but before i could even process that , the smell was gone .
the wind gently blew , wafting his scent in my direction , and it was all i could do not to launch myself into his arms .
the scents filled the air and my nose .
i imagined that the water smelled like honeysuckle and instantly the flowery scent surrounded me .
i nestled into his hard body and inhaled his familiar , woodsy scent .
i closed my eyes and inhaled his strength , his scent , even his heart beat .
cadmus wrapped me in his arms and i buried my face against his chest , inhaling his delicious scent .
the heady scent was delicious , like nothing i had ever smelled before ... like a combination of peaches , roses , honeysuckle and jasmine .
he smelled like a man , like sweat and his familiar outdoorsy scent .
as he moved , the rusty scent of blood filled my nose and my cheek was sticky where he had touched .
a child 's laughter distracted me and i turned , the sweet scent of the flowers assailing my senses .
their scent was sweet and pungent and i inhaled , filling my lungs with the beautiful smell .
with every movement , their lush scents were tossed into the air .
a slight breeze picked up , running across the grass in waves , bringing a sweet scent along with it .
something smelled good , like the fresh scent of laundry detergent and dryer sheets .
into his sulfurous cavern this small faerie had carried the scent of honey , tears , and lightning , of thirsty roots in future soil , of wind through wings , a fragrance long absent , but well remembered .
` ` what i would n't give for a big brash rose now and then , a scent you can drown in !
the scent of the nightspink in her braid had caught the healer 's notice , and as the crows complained of imps , she quietly removed a blossom and held it to her nose .
down below , the magruwen could hear their whispers as clearly as he could smell their bouquet of scents .
sitting right next to her i could smell her perfume .
she put a piece of gum in her mouth and the spearmint warred with the musk of her perfume .
then i breathed in the scent of peaches .
there were red flowers , with bulbs as large as liza 's head , placed all around the table , letting off their own delicious scent - like honey and pine needles and a fresh ocean breeze , all at once .
she could feel the music , stretching inside her , like long , soft fingers ; the perfume of the food and the flowers made her feel very sleepy .
the scent of mint pomade and syrupy orange made noah 's head buzz .
clean white tiles spread before her , and the air was ripe with the scent of clorox and chamomile tea cooling on breakfast trays .
the breeze brushed past his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature , and sending warm contentment throughout his body as the sun shined down upon him .
some scent that alerted her taste buds and persuaded her to pick up the speed .
the same appetizing scent reached the sharper nostrils of three bears still wandering in the forest .
quite soft and , he noticed , there was a sweet scent wafting upwards .
it smelled like nothing in particular but everything in general : grandmas garden , moms perfume , dads cologne , apple pie , fresh cookies , flowers , the meadow , cinnamon pancakes .
when he did smile , it filled me with hot bubbles and vanilla scents .
the air is warm and heavy with the scent of old things and lost memories .
i sniff the air and receive a heavy bouquet of scents i can not place .
the air carries scents of pine sap and loose soil .
the air in the room is stale and heavy , tinted with old perfume and lazy dust particles .
my attention is drawn by leaping sparks of energy all about me and the scents of so many new things .
i take a breath , smelling the scent of pine needles , hearing the animal songs lifting out from the trees around us .
moisture hangs in the air , so does the fresh piney scent of the trees , the animal odors and the fresh release from the wet forest floor .
i close my eyes and inhale the fabrics scent .
concentrate on him and his vanilla scents .
the heavy scent of pipe tobacco faded and old eric tapped out his pipe on the heel of his boot .
all around , the water released new perfumes from the pine woods where wild herbs scented the undergrowth .
a new , fresh perfume of damp earth caressed our senses in place of the old evil .
lord fox would nt let the incoherent alice go just yet , he was nt one hundred percent sure where she fitted into all of this , but he hoped she was one of the good guys as he really liked her perfume .
hunt felt right at home in the sounds and scents of the woods , the touch of mossy grass , and shadow patterns painted on last years leaves by the midday sun .
she removed the bandages and reapplied a cooling gel with a strong herbal scent to his battered skin .
the walls , ceiling and floor were lined with smooth wooden panels drenching the room in a strong red cedar scent .
the subtle scent of the sacred oak trees filled the air .
the mists that played across the flowing waters carried the perfume of the flowers that grew along the rivers bank .
arii sat next to cirile , who radiated with an unfamiliar scent .
the waters sweet scent clung to the bank near the boulder , perfuming the air .
back to promise of the white rock table of contents back to table of contents a journey proposed smoke curled from the chimneys of the cabins that made up the tiny settlement , lending its scent to mix with that of the nearby sea .
the refreshed life 's fragrance arose , filling their nostrils with its sweet scent .
then , there was the powerthe sweet perfume of power floating above any stench thrown off by a failing body .
the house smelled like one of those mixed scents that has no namedust , lonely cooking , skin flakes , ancient soap , loss , bitternessprissi flailed her arms in a sweeping crisscross to stop her list of adjectives .
those times were nt really the prize though , he argued , kissing her neck and earlobes , loving the fragrance of her perfume and shampoo .
he thought the perfume may be wild musk , his favorite .
allison watched sam as he smiled and lifted his chin to allow his olfactory senses to have unobstructed access to the full range of scents .
the sweet scent of her hair , the subtle yet equally pleasing odor of her skin , and the texture of her delicate lips .
the scent of her stirred around in my head , making my knees weak .
we found a motel on the main drag , an indian - run outfit that carried a light scent of curry , even outside .
i smelled earth , freshly turnedthe same scent as from our vegetable garden when it was being tilledand i smelled iron , and something else .
the air was laden with the scent of deep - frying oilpossibly in need of a changeand cigarette smoke .
he felt the cool breeze on his skin when the rear door to the ambulance swung open , and although there were words exchanged and the distinct lilt of a female voice which he would never be able to piece together , one thing was unmistakable , and would immediately surface in his mind when he woke up an hour later with the worst headache he d ever had in his life : the scent of giorgio perfume .
he felt the cool breeze on his skin when the rear door to the ambulance swung open , and although there were words exchanged and the distinct lilt of a female voice which he would never be able to piece together , one thing was unmistakable , and would immediately surface in his mind when he woke up an hour later with the worst headache he d ever had in his life : the scent of giorgio perfume .
i found myself appreciating the scent .
i rolled down my window and inhaled the scent of pine on the cold , crisp air .
i smelled something then , just a light scent in the breeze .
its exotic perfume pervaded his being , inducing a delicious , sensuous languor that was something more and less than sleep .
` ` the blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
a damp moldy scent reeked up from it , and valerian shivered .
he wanted to smell the perfume on her neck , the sweet smelling oils in her hair .
catching a whiff of enticing perfume from a young female , a deep satisfied expression wrinkled cromptons brow .
he looked to be almost lost in the aroma of the sweet perfumed scent .
tight corsets decreased the size of their already narrow waists and behind each ear the lingering smell of expensive perfume .
he sniffed the air , catching a whiff of an expensive french perfume wafting towards him on the wind .
haleton came back to reality by the sweet smell of the perfume both ladies were wearing as they strolled past the doorway .
haleton could smell the womans perfume wafting towards him .
it was a strong desirable scent .
we want to smell the perfume clinging to every strand of hair on your pretty little head .
its tantalizing scent made his knees feel weak .
even though water droplets covered her shoulders , the perfume she sprayed on her skin revitalized his mind .
the scent caused a shiver to sprint down his back .
predictably , some of the older guests came down from their rooms dressed in their best suits , smelling of cologne and perfume and making an event of it .
but the scent of damp grass filled my nostrils and the sound of someone leaning right next to me rang through my ears .
the scent of very tantalizing , freshly - made pancakes seduced the air , with just a hint of sweet apples and blueberries .
odd plumes of scent floated through the cut grills of these small metal lamps we carried on chains , much like incense .
heavy perfumes mingled with the roasting smells and body odors .
a scent of perfumed oils hung in the stale air .
leaning down to it , i could smell the perfume in the rough wood and i remembered ober standing at the table drawing odd signs and mixing liquids in small bowls and vials .
why did this perfume hang in the air and cling to the table for so long ?
even holding it at arm 's length , i could smell the perfume .
i had never been close to alakar or ober , did n't know what scent they used , but it was pretty much overwhelming and what i 'd expect of erlan 's girls .
ryu in a trance by the soft , warm touch of alexis skin on his hand nearly drools , especially when she stops right away without any indications and a wisp of her perfume baffles his entire nose .
seritu goes to meet her at the entrance and she runs into his arms , the scent of pine trees and leaves waffle his nose .
* * * * * * * the glistening sun in the sky , the scent of fresh april dew on the grass .
please , do come in i fumbled , letting her in and when she passed besides me , i smelled a very sweet perfume , extraordinary seductive .
after 20 minutes i looked fresh shaved , with a white cotton shirt , smelling of expansive perfume and with blue jeans , me who do not exaggerate with my look , but i could not appear to her like a rambler .
i was very pleased to see her laughing at my empty jock and in that moment , we were walking down the street , she waved her hair -- this time curly -- i sensed again that sweet perfume which gave me chicken skin .
i stepped away from the entrance letting her in , and i keep my breath to not smell her perfume again .
i was in love with you , with your angelic face , with your sweat perfume , which dizzy me all the timebut anyway , i just have one rugaminte .
he was too dressed elegant , in a black suite , and his perfume got me crazy , stunning my senses .
he leaned forward and inhaled her scent , close to her neck .
the clerks , who , as it appeared , had smelled unusual perfumes in the house , were of military punctuality , and held their stools in hand quite ready to sit down .
' now the scent bag of white satin , on which his cipher is embroidered in pearls . '
the soil was humid and glittering with the rain which had recently fallen , and the refreshed herbs sent forth their perfume with additional energy .
it was quite a pleasant scent , and combined with the dim lighting of the room , the soft tickling of her finger on my chest , and the warmth of her closeness , i found myself becoming uncomfortable .
a heavy wave of perfume overtook him , and he backed away with a cough .
where did you get it i must tell my maid wonderful scent , uwe responded .
the land was too rich , the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate .
the boat was redolent with the scent of fresh baked bread and percolating coffee , the bright morning sun slanting down through the companionway .
the storm had completely dissipated leaving a cornflower blue sky and the scent of drying undergrowth .
chapter xx again , the scent of pines rushed at me as i entered the home .
delectable scents wafted through the air as were expected from the many butchers selling red meats and fish .
there were so many lingering scents and about half of those were on the revolting side .
the breeze carried the salty scent of the ocean and helped clear his mind .
shades mouth began wondering from such a delectable scent .
i did nt come close to harming them , but i had fun his ears twitched and then he sniffed the air when a sweet scent wafted in his direction .
the room smelled pleasant and behind the woman with the crystal ball , were four lit candles of different colors that saturated the room in their delicate scents .
throughout the morning both shade and clift were talking about an odd scent that neither of them recognized what it belonged to .
several scents wafted in his direction and he recognized each and relaxed .
the home had several candle lit windows , which meant someone was home and busy with something because smoke and other delicious scents blew out from the chimney .
suddenly he felt someone looking at him and then a delicate scent of a sea breeze wafted past .
you have a unique scent that i adore .
so you like my scent ?
her hair blew in the wind ; washing him in her scent .
then her scent made him hyperaware of her .
it was slightly salty , but there was a warm sweetness to the scent .
it was the subtle scent of a sea breeze .
the swiftness of her movements sent her scent around her body and all over him .
alysse appeared behind him ; he could smell the perfume , which she wore even in this frozen wasteland .
as i walk rumors of witches and wife - beaters are crowded out of my thoughts by the sweet remembered sweat - and - ambergris scent of my shireen .
the scent of the seeping mint leaves drifts up , covering his sour smell .
the voice is like song and there is the strong scent of sweet flowers .
cinnamon scent and the sound of an oasis wind come to me .
each of her words spreads perfume and music and she asks please , learned one , will you help us ?
slowly i become aware of the she - ghouls voice in my head and the scent of apricots .
kitten purrs and a crushed cardamom scent linger beneath the demons words .
i smelled crushed roses in the air , though i ca nt say where the scent came from .
but just then mylovic ceased his mumbling and the air grew thick with scents of rust and rot .
the scent of the room engulfed them .
mixed in with the musty , old scent , was a main course smell of cigar , cigarette , stale beer and cheap cologne .
there were other scents mingled in , but grandpa thought it best not to dwell on their identity .
by the sound of the explosion and the tell - tell faint scent of almonds filling the air sam lin recognized the signature of the explosive c-4 .
even though , a strong scent of cow manure filled the air it was dry , and provided a barrier between the terrible biting north wind , snow and the two of them .
ashira and was so enchanting the king promised her as a gift anything in the room that she desired , save his crown , thinking she would choose the golden goblets or the fine perfumes that littered the low tables .
city smells assailed richards nostrils for the first hours , then the scent of pasture animals and crops freshened the night air , and finally the dark silhouette of woolich arsenal loomed in the half moon light .
moffett field mountain view , california july 3rd , 2026 chuck belched in the empty boardroom , the heady scent of beer in his nostrils .
she dumped a full bag of coffee into the filter unit , leaning over to sniff the rich earthy scent .
chapter seventeen the southwestern trail that cool , sweet alabama pine scent was still strong on the southwestern breeze as big s quietly gave the command to , lock and load , move out ! !
a pounding in his head , a sickly sweet scent in the air and salty , metallic stickiness on his lips .
he stretched the hide out , smelling the deep , leathery scent that reminded him intensely of tomaz , and drew his dagger .
his limbs flooded with strength and the world leapt forward as his eyesight increased ; scents filled his nose and sounds of wildlife and birds in the trees suddenly seemed far too loud and close .
images of childhood , the scents of fresh baked bread and a fathers hug , hopes and dreams achieved and unfulfilled alike .
brynn gazed at the scene in fascination , overwhelmed by the scent of unknown spices and the hubbub of many voices speaking a strange tongue .
a sudden light breeze wafted the impossibly sweet , heavy scent of orange - blossom from the walled garden nearby .
he tried to force his body to rest , which led to dreams of her , the scent of her hair , her skin , her brains and the sparkle of her eyes .
it smelled like west texas after a short rain with the scent of mesquite and sage pollen filling the swirling air .
her hair was down and loose , and he could smell a mild perfume .
the familiar scent of the ironwort brew reminded her of home ; she reached for the pot of honey to add a little sweetness , knowing the drink would comfort her just as it always had as a child .
a damp , musty smell filled her nostrils , a familiar scent that reminded her of the woods where she 'd spent so much time as a child .
eleanor took a deep breath , savouring the rich variety of smells as smoke from steamed sausages and grilled fish intermingled with the sweet scents of candied nuts and boiled fruits .
she could see herself kicking back in a foam - filled toronto bathtub smelling the scent of coconut .
he smelled an unfamiliar scent .
just then his nostrils caught the sweet smelling scent .
that s when i smelled a perfume as strong as paint thinner -- gypsy perfume .
that s when i smelled a perfume as strong as paint thinner -- gypsy perfume .
the room was quiet , still with the perfumed scent of his mother in the air .
claire caught a faint scent of perfume , the kind her grannie used to wear .
claire caught a faint scent of perfume , the kind her grannie used to wear .
between you and me she leant in close to claire and a cloud of talc and perfume wafted over her , their dinner is better .
a dab of mascara , a spritz of perfume and she was ready .
her nostrils filled with the scent of cheap deodorant and cigarette smoke .
his pillow and blanket smelled faintly of his grandmothers perfume .
the air was free from pollution and smog and only the crisp , cool scent of the natures morning filled chris ' head .
the room was warm and through the heavy scent of kerosene , he could smell bread baking .
he reached his arm over and wrapped it around her taking in her warmth and her scent .
he stepped out onto the porch with his morning cup of coffee and breathed in the light scents .
he stroked her cheek with the back of his hand and inhaled her scent , determined that he would never forget it .
the smell of roasted meats and fresh - baked bread blended with incense and perfume hit bander as he made his way deeper into the mansion .
he sniffed at the heady fumes , it smelt like perfume and put him in mind of charlotte .
its turpentine scent wafted across the thin air to her nostrils , causing them to crinkle .
he inhaled through his nose and smelled the girlish scent of red berries rise from her long , soft hair .
a quick spritz of perfume will soon mask that .
claire cupped her hands round her mug and inhaled the scent of freshly - ground coffee .
she inhaled the scent of fresh coffee and banana bread and sat back in her chair .
their odor was mixed with the sleeping man scent .
next to the tower were the most stunning flowers , which gave off the most wonderful scent and green lawns bordered with beautifully trimmed bushes .
meanwhile , natalie had crawled into the hollow and immediately fallen asleep ; the curative scent of the grass , moss and leaves littering the floor all took their effect .
after the feverish gloom of the hall , the brightly lit room was a relief , as was the crisp cedar scent of the beeswax candles .
her clothing hoarded the warmth and scent of the bath .
the scent of the room , a mix of flowers and spices , told him it was neelas .
claire inhaled slowly , filling her lungs with the scent of smoke and fear .
the wave of his passing swirled the scent of eternity round claire , weakening the joints of her knees and making her tummy wobble .
inhaling deeply through her noise claire immediately wished she had nt as the scent of saturday night bodily fluids floated up from the floor of the phone box .
the swirling breeze carried melody 's scent to the zombies faster than she had expected .
ted clutched onto the creature 's ankles until , as melody 's scent faded , so did the zombie 's thrashing .
strange , fragrant scents wafted out of it .
she wore a subtle perfume which blended with the cigarette smoke into an intoxicating incense .
a wood fire burned somewhere , adding a wonderful outdoorsy scent .
an invigorating scent composed of evergreen and sparkling water filled the air .
toward the back of the shed the roof leaked a steady drip , but the place was fairly dry and had a sweet , grassy scent .
her perfume turned my humble chevy into a celestial chariot .
floral scents waft from the arrangements around the casket .
once the gas fumes cleared away , the air smelled fantastically clean , like the cool scent at the dawn of creation .
i kissed her lightly , intoxicated by her scent .
a set of double doors gives him access to a dark surreal realm soaked in electronic music , perfume and sweat .
* * * * * ventilation systems are humming , yet the scent of smoke still hangs heavy in the air .
the walls of the prison colony are dull grey and lack any form of imagination , just straight lines and dismal lighting to produce an uncomfortable claustrophobia with a constant stale scent that punctuates the desire to leave .
* * * * * the entire holding area is dimly lit by blue emergency lights and filled with a stale rotting scent .
as he came nearer she inhaled the familiar scent of aftershave , although without the bass note of smoke .
claire walked up to stand by her niece and took in the view , inhaling deeply the scent of salt and pine .
claire led the way through the perfume isles and round the tobacco and alcohol lanes .
the ladies certainly wore a wide enough variety of scents to be mistaken for a flower garden , he thought .
the smell of the flowers was nearly overwhelming , but they still could nt entirely mask the scent of death in the air .
only after a day of travel did they pass a deep enough river to thoroughly wash the mare of its own perfume .
she covered this with the strongest smelling perfume she had packed and undid the pin in her hair that held it above her shoulders and it fell around her neck in slight waves the color of straw lightened only slightly by flaxen highlights .
they both enjoyed the heavy scents coating the air , a mixture of spices and meat roasting wafted above the sea of dark heads , and only the complimenting seasonal jungle fruit broke color into the unnaturally beige brown atmosphere .
avery and aunt nanzy plundered the deep blue seas dry it seemed , with their mischief and glory it seemed that scarborough and her predicament were all but lost on avery and aunt nanzy except for the occasional mention of avery that he promised to still love scarborough , even in her darkest form forever , usually after he came home from a night ashore smelling of rum and perfume from some other lady .
gripping the wheel with her free hand , she inhaled , her nostrils filling with the scent of sand and sun cream .
as the tension stretched between them , claire became aware of the chemical smell in the room from ruths chemo , overlaid by the scent of perfume .
in an instant , they smelled the scent of fragrant rosebud filling the air .
* * * the air leaves an uplifting atmosphere upon his green surroundings as it carries down the scent of the coming autumn .
she could even smell his scent , an aromatic rosette essence that fills her nostrils .
sofia sniffed the scent that tickles her nostrils .
scent of roses filled the breeze accompanied by the sudden appearance of a weary figure by the window .
a scent of rose filled the room , she sighed in relief knowing that familiar smell .
* * * a wonderful scent filled the potion chamber .
chapter xvii : the scent of flower to those who live and to those who die you can kill me now , if that s what you want , sofia turned to the witch .
she smelled a familiar scent the queen of the night .
the door opened on a kitchen punctuated by half a dozen different scents -- the strongest of which , cinnamon , hung in the air like whispered promises of apple pies underscored by the stale scent of ancient tobacco , long spent .
the door opened on a kitchen punctuated by half a dozen different scents -- the strongest of which , cinnamon , hung in the air like whispered promises of apple pies underscored by the stale scent of ancient tobacco , long spent .
and then , she pulled away , a graceful twirl that left the lingering scent of peach hanging in the air behind her .
i said this in a whisper as i leaned in to the nape of her neck , her perfume flooding my nostrils .
as jodi pieced together the jigsaw , puzzle pieces conveniently dropped from the sky and although she tried she could not trace the source but could smell the tainted sweet perfume of bella elizabeth every time a jigsaw piece locked in .
answering her was a page that began to fill with soft and delicate words that rolled off her tongue like the spring scent of sweet honeysuckle .
she s been in the wild for several days , and soaked to the skin , and i can still smell perfume on her .
claire sighed again , and ran her fingers through her hair.a scent ofdaffodils wafted in through the open window and somewhere a blackbird was singing .
seriously , the microwave oven now costs less than a bottle of scent from europe .
basically , ones overall scent .
i asked the air beside trudy where the scent of platinum held sway .
stryker could not stand the thought of staying in his home because he saw candace in every corner and could still smell her perfume !
he walked through into a garden of roses heady with scent .
once the passion cooled he snuggled up , feeling her chest rise and fall with her light breathing , smelling the scent of her body and a different one in her hair .
the breeze was light , the sky clear , the stars brilliant and a scent of pine wafted off the land .
in each corner he lit incense sticks and filled the room with the scent of rosemary and laurel , just like a church .
as the trade goods in the godown diminished , they were replaced by cloves in woven sacks , the scent so strong it could make a man drunk .
leo moved to his side , devilishly close - he could smell her perfume over the smells of the land being sucked into the fuselage .
dragging her thoughts back to the present , claire inhaled ; the scent of coffee and daffodils awakening her senses .
claire inhaled the overpowering scent of his aftershave and leaned back slightly as the man filled her personal space .
cool morning air played with her hair and brushed her skin , andthe scent ofthe sea fizzed in her brain .
a faint scent of bacon wafted on the sea breeze and she realised her feet were more reliable than her brain .
soft , cool grass felt as wonderful as a soft bed and a constant breeze was pleasant and brought with it the most freshest natural scents he d ever come across .
a constant wind from the north kept bathing over him and brought many telltale scents that said he was in a place away from society .
she noticed the sweetness of his breath and the scent of sunshine and man coming off his chest , but a lesser , dirty scent clung heavily to the snug pants and pack hanging over a shoulder .
tiffa first tested the aroma to find it did smell pleasant and have a fine citrus scent .
he felt the wonderful sensation of a womans delicate flesh and sweet scent and his blood warmed anew .
meeka remounted and led the way northerly for a few minutes and led him to a tavern smelling of conflicting scents .
music filled the air as did the scent of food .
the ocean air felt terrific as the wind blew gently against their back while the salty - sweet scent made the environment lovely and relaxed .
from that moment my senses developed a curious edge and the air took on a decidedly sweeter scent .
sweet , narcotic perfume hung heavy in the atmosphere , assuaging higher reasoning , and there i lay , cocooned in a heavenly sentiment of complete safety and divine protection .
my heart plunged hearing a weathered door thrust open , two light footsteps and the scent of honey blossom .
very soon only signs the area had ever been disturbed was the presence of those four stunning blue flowers , emitting their glorious perfumes .
i gently coaxed a flower out in the middle of each bouquet , so perfume circulated freely .
to them he appeared human for it was one of the scents his blood carried .
he smelt her hair and perfume .
he faced forwards again and closed his eyes having caught trace of perfume similar to his mams .
he smelt her perfume and felt the texture of her blouse .
* * * two claire inhaled the muggy scent of damp track and bushland and sighed .
she could have stepped off a page from a fashion magazinea beautiful full - length blue dress with a necklace , high heels and carol smelled a delicate perfume .
principal olanski stood stiffer than before as that touch , that sweet scent , and that angelic voice all washed over him to cleanse away any ire accrued in all of his existence .
the ladies inched up to the mess to assess it and all stood in a unified expression of disgust , but a familiar sweet and savory scent of coffee wafted up .
kerou , morgan , and jayla stood on both sides of the girls , waiting for the spark of action with only the din of a contained society about them while a perfume of climax mixed with the scent of burning chicken at the proximate asian - themed concession .
felicia focused a face of disgust on the meal wafting its salty scent into her nostrils , pushing the sound of all things around her into her mind as background noise .
soft orchestral music drifted like perfume from cream - colored wall to wall , dancing along the smooth carpet , mixed with the murmurs of gardenia hillss high society .
a myriad of scents ranging from spicy to savory flowed from wall to wall within the diner in which tomika and the girls were having lunch .
they probably just blew a fuse with the lights being so her nostrils flared as she took in a whiff of a sickeningly familiar scent .
signaled by a tinkling from a bell above the door , jina welcomed herself into the places warm and savory scent .
lively chatter and the unmistakable scent of fish wafted up into the bedroom on the second floor of mr . ashinoyubis home and aroused tomika out of slumber .
the ink scent was heightening some kind of prurience in her , but she called up every bit of self - restraint to suppress it and keep her casual browsing from blowing up into a maddened dash from one side of the room to the other .
the object igniting her impulses was there at her side , so close that her lovely scent could tickle her nose .
the tart scent of cigarette smoke mixed with the tangy aroma of can you not read it aloud , please ?
the tart scent of cigarette smoke mixed with the tangy aroma of whiskey and remained heavy in the air as if the two vices were the only things being offered on the menu in the tavern .
jack peeked into the pots and pans resting on the range and sucked down all of the savory scents .
the memory of the girls sugary scent and her angelic lips on that night had never left his mind , and the prospect of replaying such indecorous actions in the ease of his home was too much of a tease to bear .
there could not have been a home in the hills brimming with more cheer than the cooke familys where jayla and miyoung were working as hostesses to the gathering of trecille , doctor , steffennie , marc , tomika and allie who heartily indulged in the decorous but casual air scented with a loving perfume of freshly - baked apple pastries alongside a meal of loose - meat sandwiches and fries .
there was no perfume .
for the first time i could just barely make out the scent of her perfume as we walked past the small kitchen into the living area .
for the first time i could just barely make out the scent of her perfume as we walked past the small kitchen into the living area .
i could smell her scent next to me , and as my breathing stabilized , i noticed that my heart did not .
i sat there for a while just soaking in the scene and smelling the smells of homethe familiar scents of my mother and my father and their coffee .
with a deep breath claire inhaled the scent of plant life soaked in dew , smiling as it sparked memories of the new zealand bush .
katie and albert obviously sensed that something was wrong and tactfully went to bed , leaving the two of us on the verandah alone with the sounds and scents of the african night .
he liked the scent of her hair ; it reminded him of bluebonnets at easter .
she wandered along the walkways , where endless beds of vibrant flowers filled the air with clashing scents and painted the floor with rows of bright colour .
* * * nineteen claire let the warmth from the chipped mug soothe her as she inhaled the reviving scent of earl grey .
salty ocean breezes blew the scent of decay through the open space .
suddenly all her senses were on overdrive : her ears picking up every sound , her nose taking in the scent of conors aftershave and the stink of stale beer and cigarettes .
a gentle breeze blew up the street and across their skin , bringing with it the scent of night and the salty tang of the sea .
they walked through it , inhaling the sweet scents of the flowers .
music filled the air along with the scent of wine , beer , and cooked meats .
from the annex , where the crematorium was handily located , the wind spread the sweet scent of liberated birds hurrying to birds heaven or hell depending on their loyalty to the predator eagle corporations or serving birds government .
her sexual perfume drifted out on the hot afternoon air .
frank knew the slight perfume she wore .
many different scents filled the air .
she stopped as her keen senses picked up a familiar scent on the breeze .
after dressing , ardor went and stood by the northern high guard , noticing a sweet musky scent surrounded pluck .
there was a faint scent of tropical flowers and wet jungle that always seemed to hang in guam 's atmosphere .
rick held the door for her and as she passed in front of him he enjoyed the faint whisper of a musky perfume .
he stood and inhaled the scent of the ocean and the unique smells of okinawa .
she had put on a tiny bit of perfume before they went to the store and tomari port for fresh fish .
twenty - five rick slowly returned to the awake world as the scent of fresh brewing coffee penetrated his senses .
a distinct scent of oil competed with the odour of wood smoke from the fire .
the fire crackled and a low draught stirred the scent of burning pine up to her nostrils .
nestling in closer , she closed her eyes and nudged her nose deep into liath luachras hair , inhaling that reassuringly familiar scent deep into her nostrils .
alexander sniffed the scroll ; liang and jubs scents were strong .
there was also amalias scent , ink , parchment , cedar and a few herbs .
he took a deep breath ; the scent of water and seaweed awakened him from his reverie .
the scent of wine strong on his breath .
the morning air was crisp and coolperfumed with the scent of a city not too far ahead .
the minty scent of scores of eucalyptus filled the air , the fog lifted and we rode into ooty .
we stepped out of the station , and delhi hit us hard - the steaming sun , the thin , chaotic streets , the clamor of sellers and buyers bargaining and arguing , the scents and smells mixing in the air , forming a heavy perfume dominated by strong flowery notes from the enormous garlands of fresh rose being weaved right in front of our eyes ; the ittar ( perfume ) shops with their own magnificent aromas , hording the scents of an entire religion ; the distant - but - still - nearby sound of prayers coming from the dargah ( mosque ) nizamuddin ; the uplifting , insistent tunes of mournful , soulful qawwali ; the spiraling minarets and clock towers ; the very mughlai air - all of it hit us hard , like we had just woken up to a dream suspended in an era bygone .
we stepped out of the station , and delhi hit us hard - the steaming sun , the thin , chaotic streets , the clamor of sellers and buyers bargaining and arguing , the scents and smells mixing in the air , forming a heavy perfume dominated by strong flowery notes from the enormous garlands of fresh rose being weaved right in front of our eyes ; the ittar ( perfume ) shops with their own magnificent aromas , hording the scents of an entire religion ; the distant - but - still - nearby sound of prayers coming from the dargah ( mosque ) nizamuddin ; the uplifting , insistent tunes of mournful , soulful qawwali ; the spiraling minarets and clock towers ; the very mughlai air - all of it hit us hard , like we had just woken up to a dream suspended in an era bygone .
we stepped out of the station , and delhi hit us hard - the steaming sun , the thin , chaotic streets , the clamor of sellers and buyers bargaining and arguing , the scents and smells mixing in the air , forming a heavy perfume dominated by strong flowery notes from the enormous garlands of fresh rose being weaved right in front of our eyes ; the ittar ( perfume ) shops with their own magnificent aromas , hording the scents of an entire religion ; the distant - but - still - nearby sound of prayers coming from the dargah ( mosque ) nizamuddin ; the uplifting , insistent tunes of mournful , soulful qawwali ; the spiraling minarets and clock towers ; the very mughlai air - all of it hit us hard , like we had just woken up to a dream suspended in an era bygone .
the scent of wild flowers fills the valley , and we delay our journey to be there in the warmth of sun , the gurgling of river and the buzzing of bees .
it is an indescribable mix of melancholy , pain and the romance of rain , invoked and stoked by the scent of the earth .
the afternoon air is heavy with heat and the scent of scores of trees .
jill sank into the comfort of the soft needles and the fresh scent of pine .
i wonder if he can smell the strawberry scent from the shampoo .
the heat of the afternoon sun struck him in the face and the taste the fresh breeze carrying a hint of perfume hung in the air .
joanna 's perfume slipped across the desk top which separated them .
he caught whiffs of the subtle spring flower perfume she had put on early this morning and he was so close to her he could feel the warmth of her face on his .
subtle feminine scents filled brad 's nostrils .
his nostrils caught a faint trace of her perfume which lingered when he closed the door .
her mouth tasted moist and hot to him and he could smell her feminine scents .
her arms were strong across the back of his neck and the familiar scents made him inhale slowly through his nose to enjoy her closeness .
the table was still standing below the window , the furniture was still old and dark brown , pots were standing stacked on the cooker , and the smell of cake with plums and cherries was the strongest scent in the air .
abrasive , with an orange scent .
my mind filled with recollections of a catholic kids youth ; the scent of incense , candle wax , and the fear of those priests , always wondering how i d failed to meet their expectations .
yes , the smell of cat pee was perfume to him .
her badge read , carla , and she smelled like shed bathed in perfume .
or you could go back as a woman , where the only social disadvantage you ll have in life is one that you ll never be aware of : you have poor taste in perfume , and therefore , you ll walk around with a signature scent of something like siberian fur trees james then turns to the cheap shelving unit attached to the peg - boarded wall immediately behind him and grabs a cylinder shaped item with a picture of a st . bernard on it .
` ` red door , the perfume , its hanging in the air . ''
when she slid closer , she could smell the scent of tree sap and wild loganberries , and she smiled sweetly up at him .
he leaned in close enough to whiff that strange pine scent .
it was nearly lent , and the aroma of potting soil got him thinking about bluebonnets ; which in made him think about princess felybecause that was the scent of her hair when he buried his face in it .
my stomach clenched with twisted excitement as i allowed myself to take in their scents and listened to their pulses running hot and flowing fast as they danced , distracting my attention from the heavy beat of the mixed music .
he swooped down to nuzzle my neck , while taking a single inhale of my perfume with callous disregard that he was a complete stranger to me .
he used his height to take advantage of the view of my cleavage , and almost snorted when he deeply inhaled my perfume .
it was not like the breathing out of habit , or to smell the scents that surrounded you , like a vampire .
twisting my long auburn locks into a makeshift knot away from my face , i dipped down toward the wheel , inhaling the earthy scent that reminded me of evan 's cologne .
my own rose water scent seeped strongly from my inundated pores as the vampire in me was set free , and i slowly turned , focusing in on the rugged - cut surfer , now glistening with immortal arrogance .
his eyes pinched in a smile when i centered my energy on him , and my perfume billowed in his direction with the tilt of my neck .
i pressed my cool palm to the back of his neck and pulled him in tightly as i dipped into his heavenly scent .
upon opening the bathroom door , the lavender scent faded behind me , and i was instantly struck by the smell of tropical fruit and the salty sea drifting up into the bedroom .
leading the array was the sickly sweet scent of bhang , followed up by the fug of black shag tobacco , the organic corruption of dung , and surprisingly , old spice aftershave , all of which contributed to the miasma .
a warm morning breeze carries the scent of sweet flowers to his waking nose .
this wafting scent is filled with coffee and the taste of breakfast ; which precedes the sailors remark .
the air is filled with the simmering smells of stews , porridge , and the scent of fresh baked pies and bread .
he smells the sweet scents coming from the charming bakery he visited yesterday .
the fresh scent of the salty sea is left in the delaware bay as it is gradually replaced with the marshy smell of the channel .
the scent of her perfume reaches cass a second before she kisses him .
the scent of her perfume reaches cass a second before she kisses him .
it magically sprinkles its perfume over this warm perfect day .
esephris followed the direction of her arm and finger with a little sniff of her sweet scent along the way .
as his breathing slowed , he realized he could feel the suns heat on him and could smell an unusual scent , something warm and homey .
the warm breeze was gentler , almost caressing their skin and heavy with the intoxicating scent of tropical flowers .
the heady scent of colourful blooms seemed to be pouring out into the air .
it seemed an eternity later when they disengaged , her scent still clinging to him .
he smelt a delicious scent from a street vendor .
the salty scent was mixed in the air .
she poured herself a coffee too , enjoying the scent for a while .
i always come here , you are the newcomer , chuckled glock , drinking a beverage with a scent of a honey and pumpkin .
it had a refreshing scent , but he lowered the glass .
julie sniffed the glass and shook her head at the scent of gin mixed with tonic .
with a red magic marker that was supposed to carry the perfume of cherries , julie tried to emulate the picture across her own throat .
the place was full of flowers , and julie was drawn to the scent of chrysanthemums in green vase .
julie took the flower and inhaled its scent .
john grinned as a whiff of perfume reached his nostrils .
it was a moonlit night , the road was deserted and the fragrance of her perfume filled the car .
her scent smelt irresistible as she hugged him so firmly her breasts squashed into him and blonde hair tickled his neck .
the night sky carried a heavy scent of rain , yet the dusty odor of smoke lingered .
the warm night air was clean with the scent of bluebonnets and all was quiet save for the occasional barking of a dog as j trudged up the hill .
it was a nice rock , smooth and comfortable , and the gentle rhythm of the rushing water worked with the fresh scent of bluebonnets to evoke memories of happier times spent in the presence of his precious princess fely .
even as she went to take it , the air grew still , the scent of flowers replaced by a down - rush of ozone .
mollys scent traveled with the wind .
the strong scent of medical herbs was filling the room ; it had that sweet and bitter scent .
the strong scent of medical herbs was filling the room ; it had that sweet and bitter scent .
did you smell any perfume from his shirt ?
it had a strong berry scent .
its nostrils flared and once more it caught the boy 's scent , so delicious and stimulating and it quickened its pace , creeping stealthily onward , anticipation burning within its squat , leathery frame .
she seemed to bathe in cotton candy perfume and mix that with cigarette smoke and even a person without a sense of smell would gag on the taste hanging in the air .
kanade smiled , but even after a shower his smoky scent was welcome to her .
she tasted sweeter than any sugar and to make him go deeper in that moment was her natural fragrant cinnamon scent .
if i work up a sweat in my physical body ill stink , but only my angel can smell my natural scent i like your scent too .
if i work up a sweat in my physical body ill stink , but only my angel can smell my natural scent i like your scent too .
i still like your smoky scent , like oak and hickory .
she proved how much she liked his scent by sniffing his neck and planting another soft kiss .
the rush of wind felt good as her cinnamon scent surrounded him .
her superior sense of smell still picked up kiras foul scent , but his fire burned much of it off and the smell of ashy clothes masked it further , but his smoky scent eased her and gave comfort .
she buried he head in his neck , inhaling his scent before whispering i do not want a repeat of today .
she felt more sexually excited over this scent than the whole of her life and knew it was undoubtedly incubus musk , incredibly powerful .
the fireplace crackled with cheer and flower petals gave the room a delicate scent which made ones mind rest .
her cinnamon scent was more potent to him than ever before .
the gold choker around her neck was warm against his jaw as she rubbed him the way she knew he loved it , making sure her scent was tantalizing his senses .
a slightly sweet scent permeated the air like roses .
kanade buried her face in the curve of his neck and let his smoky scent finish her off .
her cinnamon scent and warmth pulled back , but he was too stiff to move properly as she leapt over to the bedside fridge and popped two cans of soda and helped him sit up .
he inhaled her scent deeply , waking tasha from her slumber .
this scent disappeared when the hand held striker ignited a fiery torrent at the torch tip ; nevertheless , the fragrance brought memories .
rose hated it but it was tinged with a new scent , refreshing new clothes and modern perfumes .
rose hated it but it was tinged with a new scent , refreshing new clothes and modern perfumes .
her hands were soft in his and her perfume was intoxicating .
she hugged him tight , her face smashed against his tunic just beneath his chest , the musky scent of his wools and sweat and leather filling her nose .
at first he simply smelled people : that combination of musky , tart scents emitted by every slave , maid , churl , or thegn who passed through his lodge .
her nose flared with the wafting scents and she felt dizzy .
i d have taken real good care of you : a new box and everything so you d go to your rest with the sweet perfume of fresh cut pinewood .
she was not so close as to brush against him , but he could smell the delicate fragrance of lemon verbena perfume .
gideon did stay put and , as he abandoned himself to the chair and lingering traces of delicate perfume , connells words came back to mock him .
attracted by the pleasant scent of the blossoms , on a hunch she tasted the leaves which had a fresh tangy flavour .
stepping right out of the door , dto is met with the same humming as before , but this time , can also smell the distinct scent of melting cheese and eggs .
a delicious scent is wafting up from below .
each plate has a collection of soft , expertly - basted meats surrounding it , creating a steamy , intoxicatingly - delicious scent .
he breathed in the scent and let out a contented sigh .
shyly he shook my hand little - kid hands were so small and soft , it always amazed me - then scampered off , leaving me to inhale the scents of our simmering dinner and take in the huge expanse of this place all glass windows , rich wood and soft light .
we could nt have picked a crappier day for a drive , with the sky already dark as night and the scent of incoming snow thick in the air .
he pushed the door open , and caught the sweet scent of the fresh flowers that were always well kept inside .
the scent of fresh baked bread caught his attention making his stomach growl .
a powerful offensive sour scent hit his nose which forced a tear to well up in his eye .
sometimes , the female spirits enjoy smelling your perfume , belles remembering their long ago fun times at dogtrot plantation .
the seer did not wheedle before people with power and openly despised some of them seeing their cheap identities hidden behind expensive suits that smelt of rust that could not be offset by expensive perfumes .
her wonderful scent enveloped his senses and the smooth velvet of her warm skin turned his to fire .
the air held the scent of many dogs and strange odors , harsh , chemical ones which wrinkled my nose and pleasing scents , clean and fresh .
as i paddled the craft over the water , i could smell a sugary perfume that floated over from her , as she was sitting only about three feet in front of me in the middle bench seat .
i could smell a faint sweet perfume rising off of her again , as i closed the door and she walked over to the bed .
i stared up at the dark wood paneling on the ceiling and just breathed in the scent of her hair .
i walked in and immediately smelled alia that subtle , sugary perfume .
he had been so close to her that she had filled his nose with her scent .
the entire area gave a clean , wholesome feel from the pushing wind , the vibrant colors , and the soft smell of perfume .
i smell perfume , he said and ran off ahead .
the source of this lovely scent was coming from the fresh fried meat near the canister ogana was laying on .
the jasmine bushes exuded a heady perfume and orange - flowering flame trees stood out against the pink clouds in a deep blue sky .
it contains a turquoise cashmere jersey and my favourite perfume .
a breeze carried up smoky scents from the village .
i view my dirty boots , smelling amethetas flora perfume .
prewitt coughs , splashing the water pitch over his head and naked chest , cleaning off his vomit , their sweat , and her perfume .
even before she clasped her strong arms around his neck , horace caught a whiff of her overwhelming perfume .
even a decade later he closed his eyes and imagined the perfume and liquor sodden air of hal mardens club indigo .
the feminine master bath , clad in pink and crme colored marble smelled of sallys favorite perfume and sported a big walk - in shower .
the admiral sniffed the air , apparently rich in oxygen , which hinted of the scent of warm cinnamon .
climbing down the ladder , daniel removed his helmet and inhaled deeply , closing his eyes and allowing the ocean breeze to whip his black hair from his forehead and fill his lungs with the welcome scent of fresh air .
her scent was intoxicating , and where she touched , he tingled .
after scooping him up , she cuddled his warm body to her chest and inhaled his sweet scent .
inhaling the scent of lavender from her fluffy white pillow , and imagining herself visiting furble at granmas , molly fell into a blissful sleep .
her sweet , apple blossom scent floated through the air .
suddenly the door flew open and the familiar scent of garlic and hairspray filled the room .
a whiff of perfume floated his way .
the scent of perfumed air rushed into vorkis nostrils and he inhaled the rich aroma .
her sweet perfume masked her unnatural ways .
a light scent of gardenias perfumed the air .
his scent was light and airy , sort of like the famous veltar cologne on earth .
they are a special type of plant that thrives on exomones , a scent secreted into the air when humans are content .
it was a powerful scent that almost brought him to his knees .
her nose picked up more expensive perfume , leather , glass even the cigarette smoke aroma was pleasing and evenly fresh .
that mixed with the odor of expensive perfume would always settle elizas stomach when the family took a rowdy yellow cab to bruce hos chinese restaurant on broadway near the theater district , once lena osbergs stomping ground .
you could cut the air , which was thickly and richly laced with the odors of perfume , cologne , expensive cigars and cigarettes , along with the sweet odor of fresh flowers and soap .
eliza saw the tears in her mothers sparkling hazel eyes , and she could smell her mothers signature perfume .
he puffed on a cigarette in the elevator as they went to the lobby and out the revolving doors , smelling like expensive cologne , perfume and shampoo .
the constant aroma of extreme expensive perfume wafted in a swirl , for once choking eliza in all her embarrassment .
the smell of buttered popcorn and expensive perfume floated around the apartment as mrs . osberg got ready to have dinner upstairs at eva glass apartment .
he tried to relax himself by taking deep breaths , but the air was laced with her intoxicating perfume , like sage brush ground with cinnamon .
daisys scent , lingering in the air and on his clothes , pushed him to the edge of guilt .
her perfume , like a brew of wildflowers , lingered in his nostrils .
next to the scent of nenas skin , damp from exertion , only roasted coffee beans from coatepec could compare .
the wagon fell still as the lovers rested in the midst of their thanksgiving , bathed in the delicate scent of almond oil and the musk of mohair .
the boy so bright and unassuming , his mother such a tender spirit , bathed in the scents of butter and flour .
esperanza knelt in front of him , her gentle scent of flour and butter embracing him .
elegantly trimmed hedges in the shapes of animals stretched all around the walls and the scent of roses and jasmine wafted through the air .
from there , the boys eyes wandered to a large wooden table in the center of the room giving off the clean , comforting scent of cedar .
gisbo rubbed at the back of his boons neck and suddenly smelled the tantalizing scent of grilling meat just outside .
refreshing scents fill the air .
that scent of victory motivates you ; it draws you like lust for a woman .
flashback jeremy 's mother always made the best macaroni , and as jeremy tumbled down the hill his nose momentarily filled with the scent of melted cheese .
she rested her head against him and inhaled the scent of his sweat .
they smelled the aromas of spices , fish , and perfumes .
the smells of pine and earth and wood were strong - scents that tick loved but for some reason made him uneasy at the moment .
she closed her eyes and took a deep breath , loving the strong scent of pine .
pungent smells of rotting foliage , leaves , and bark mixed with the pleasant scents of pine and wildflowers .
i let my nose lead the way , following the faint salty scent of no - kills body tears through the winding , twisting caverns of the underworld near the gnomish settlement .
the scent of clear air wafting in from the darkness mocked our cowardice .
the world was damp in the aftermath of the skys crying , pungent air that seemed to make every scent stronger .
this time the smell of roasting flesh was sickly sweet , of kobold scent , and i felt sick .
the brisk scent of spring pervaded the air .
then , as she took a deep breath , trying to draw in that gorgeous scent , she frowned .
this gorgeous man could nt be the source of that horrible scent .
the heavy scent of the orange blossoms cascaded over her , making her head swim .
the faint scent of incense rested in the air .
stubbornly , he kept his eyes on his beer , even when her scent became unbearable and the hinges to the bar door squeaked open , deafening in the silence that awaited her arrival .
for a moment , victoria thought she was lost in some fever dream , but the scents were too strong , the light too bright .
lo could smell an overwhelming scent similar to opium , and figured she must be sensual because he only ever recognized it on extremely passionate women .
he picked the dog up and sat it on his lap , inhaling the popcorn scent from the scruff of it 's fuzzy neck as it licked lo 's face and breathed hot puffs of puppy breath into his face .
the sweet scent of damp earth and grass filled echos nostrils as she breathed deeply and followed her family along a narrow path through thick trees .
she trembled as she leaned against a spongy trunk of a canopy tree , the tangy scent of the trees oblong white fruit teasing her nostrils .
sweet perfumes and pungent dyes wafted from merchants huts .
the aroma of freshly baked bread from the bakery danced through the air , mingling with the other scents .
a faint scent of pine wafted in the air .
she loved the tangy scent of the horses bodies ; she loved the way their skin twitched to shoo away a fly ; and she loved the crunching sound they made as they snipped the grass with their teeth and ate .
the scent of chocolate covered strawberries reached her nostrils , drawing her deeper into the spell .
the scent of pine pervaded her sense of smell .
as her body brushed past her , echo caught a strong scent of pine and gasped .
she breathed in the scent of pine and her heart pounded against her ribs .
luxurious scents rose with the steam , melting the knots in her muscles and stomach .
as they began to finally part , echo meant only to put her nose close to keebos neck and breathe in his pine scent one last time .
fresh air carried the scent of rain through the upstairs hall from an open door at the end , so i ventured that direction .
i smelled her perfume , and although i did n't really know her or had gotten close enough to smell her , the fragrance just seemed so very her .
he inhaled the scent of her hair , which always smelled like cherry blossoms .
as he did so a sweet aroma escaped the bowl and tyran inhaled , pulling the refreshing scent deep into his lungs .
the scent made him think of high mountain meadows in springtime and he relaxed with a long sigh .
their eyes widened , i could smell the sweet scent of fear in the air .
the morpher caught faint scents of wild grass and lilacs , but also hints of stone hearths and lore breezes .
the air was crisp , full of the scents of morning dew , equines , and rich earth .
the air was filled with a variety of delicious scents as kate tended to multiple pans and griddles .
she had the natural perfume of summer flowers and lore wilderness .
breathing in the new car scent , kate saw it was a sports edition with every amenity .
cool air wafted in , carrying a slight earthy scent .
the slight smell of my perfume still lingered .
still , the scent of those herbs and that orange rind reached in and made my belly grumble .
i heard him shift , felt a puff of air against my cheek , and smelt the subtle scent of his cologne .
she grabbed a basket of clean laundry and took a deep breath , savoring the artificial scent of fresh spring flowers .
but the scent of chocolate chip pancakes absolutely thrilled her , clearing out all thoughts of ex - boyfriends .
every movement stirred his scent from the sweatshirt .
he gave himself into her softness , inhaled the light and tangy scent of her skin , the lavender and rose of her hair .
she crouched over him , breathed his scent like it was a drug .
a light floral scent floated up in greeting .
inhaling her scent , he swallowed hard and could nt resist pulling her to his chest to feel her heart beat solidly against him for a moment .
the scent of cherry blossoms wafted from her skin .
thousands of new scents captured his attention all at once , and he seemed determined to pursue them all .
she breathed in his scent : woodsy pine mixed with a recent shower .
pressing his nose into the curve of her neck , gabriel inhaled a dramatic whiff of her scent .
grimey also took note of the earthy scent upon the air .
cracks lined the hull , the sails were stained , and leo picked up a subtle scent of mold .
it was a strong spirit with an earthy scent which slightly singed his nostrils .
it brings back with it the scent of hardened earth , dripping with condensation .
serena catches the scent of seasoned seaweed as she passes by .
the aromatic scent of the farm 's finest marijuana hung in the air .
he preferred its mossy scent .
its earthy scent reassured him .
reducing the world to scents and sights and strategy reminded him of the simple pleasure of existence .
her scent soothed him as he memorized it .
a manly odor spiced with a musky touch of carmelitas perfume told thal that valentino approached .
the scent of cut hay freshened the night breeze .
the heavy scent of the flowing water beckoned her with freedom .
the familiar scent drifted faintly from an upstairs window and thal noticed his horse in the stable .
her severe trembling vibrated against his nostrils , yet still he delighted in her living scent .
without any movement , he breathed in deeply , sucking her scent into his olfactory membranes .
he rubbed his hands over her exposed flesh and inhaled her scent deeply while catching the band of her lacy panties and slipping them down her legs .
the sweet smell of her blood wafted up to him and while it was not his intention to drink from her , he found her scent too potent to resist .
i understand , he said quietly , as he stroked fingers along her jawline and inhaled her scent deeply .
the slight musky - woodsy scent of him filled her and she sighed in contentment .
a deep breath filled his senses with the scent of leather , dust , and stale parchment .
even from fifty paces , dasen could smell her perfume over the must of the library .
her scent washed over him lavender and vanilla his heartbeat rang in his ears , and he fought to keep his eyes from the outline framed by the top of her dress .
piled in it had been a sapphire necklace , gold bracelets and rings , a silver - framed mirror , a crystal vial of disturbingly sweet perfume , a set of hairclips in the shape of mythical flowers , a letter welcoming her and promising a home filled with luxuries and servants when their studies were complete , and most welcome , a dress that came as close as was possible to fitting .
he ran his hand through his hair and felt it crackle as the acrid scent of burnt hair wafted around him .
her scent washed over him , strangely metallic and musky with a hint of dellum sap and pine .
at the same time , they housed countless birds and squirrels whose calls and chatter filled the forest with welcome sounds while a slight breeze perfumed the air with the scents of pine sap and wild flowers .
his every sense was infused by it , the scent of wildflowers and pine , the sounds of rushing water , birds , and squirrels , the sensation of the cold water rushing over his hands .
jaret could smell the sickly sweet perfume from where he sat ten feet away .
arins cheer was obvious , and the scent of alcohol was strong on his breath ipid could not remember ever seeing arin drink .
he raced between the guards and on through the lavish gardens the perfume of flowers nearly strong enough to overcome the musk of his dripping horse .
they were among the trees again , and wren breathed in the heady scent of pine and rain .
the young woman closed her eyes and breathed deeply , taking in the scent of the western sun .
chapter 30 there was a foreign scent in the air , a strange combination of death , magic , and dangerous foreboding .
he draws a deep breath through his nostrils , giving close attention to the rainbow of scents .
the ripe scents of autumn assail his nostrils as he inhales deep of the crisp air .
the spicy scent of dragon is strong in the tunnel ; as he moves along the passage the copper scent of blood and the rancid odor of rotting mushrooms wafts from the cavern .
the spicy scent of sausage causes his mouth to water as he fills a mug with apple cider and finds a quiet place to sit amongst the rows of nearly empty tables .
the familiar scent of his mate , reminiscent of crisp cucumbers , immediately makes him feel at home .
the coppery scent of blood fills her nostrils as the beasts entrails tumble from the wounds .
the spicy scent of dragon fills his senses ; he is so close to the immense creatures .
she inhaled the scents of coffee , which she now saw as a bitter , angry smell , and that horribly putrid musk .
the air is warm and filled with the scents of spring .
as he walked , a cool breeze blew in from the north , carrying with it the scent of an early cold season .
a sweeter scent seemed to arise around us , though no flowers bloomed there .
my bursting lungs eased , though a faint scent of rot seemed carried on a chilling breeze over the floors .
queen zosime seemed to exhale a sweet but evil scent , like some tropical flower luring small creatures to a poisoned drowning within lush petals .
maybe it did nt like her perfume , maybe just the hardness of the heart pressed against it .
faintly , i smelled a perfume compounded of a thousand flowers .
all i had to do was breathe in the clean pine scent , listen to the silence and before too long , i felt my anger recede .
the salty sea breeze blew little strands of hair in my face , carrying the scents of salt and coconut oil .
inhaling deeply , the soothing scents of laundry detergent and cologne wafting through my nose , i attempted to slow my breathing .
i took a few deep breaths , inhaling his intoxicating scent and relaxed into him .
that s right , he husked back to her and inhaled her scent deeply , the rich aroma of lavender and sex such an excitement .
the lingering , faint scent of exotic spices with a tinge of perspiration even gave her a sense of familiarity .
his scent came to her , musky , masculine , but hinted with strange spices that made her think of the desert .
shed never felt anything but revulsion and fear for him in all the brief time shed known him , but as she found her face forcibly pressed into zarachs groin , the scent of masculinity permeating her senses , thoughts of the strange man with whom she 'd conspired wafted into her mind .
instead , her nostrils filled with jaral 's masculine scent , and her body shuddered .
she could smell the cologne off him , the rich scent that covered up something else .
she breathed in his scent that still reminded her of a far off exotic desert and smiled down at him .
ailias mouth watered , as the scent of fresh meat inundated the air .
her scent overwhelmed ailia , stinging her frozen nostrils with the floral perfume .
her scent overwhelmed ailia , stinging her frozen nostrils with the floral perfume .
the sweet scent of blood lingered in the air and an intense feeling of danger engulfed them as they entered the normally peaceful town .
he walked over to her and started smelling her skin , inhaling her scent as he closed his eyes , as if to experience the pleasure more intensely .
her mothers rose - perfumed scent still lingered in the garment .
the scent of fish infused the air .
she kissed his head , inhaling the musty scent of a little boy who needed a bath .
she left , leaving behind the airy fragrance of the liz claiborne perfume she always wore .
she huddled into the garment , breathing in the tantalizing scents of sandalwood and male , and tried to collect her racing thoughts .
you watch out for that man , luz told kara , then with a swirl of her coat , she was gone , trailing a scent of cinnamon and something rich and provocative .
lush green plants thrived in the large bay window , and the scent of baking cookies wafted through the house .
she donned a warm jacket , ensuring damien would nt have to offer his duster againand she would nt be subjected to its alluring warmth and male scent .
she relaxed , and for a moment , savored his trademark sandalwood scent and the stroking of his fingers along her neck .
damien did , inhaling the pleasant scents of coffee , cinnamon , and the ham steak and eggs he d enjoyed at breakfast .
as he slid his legs on either side of hers , he caught a whiff of her chanel perfume .
mingled with her natural scent , it was enough to send the first flare of sexual awareness through him .
he could feel the heat of karas body , could smell the musky scent of her need , could hear the hammering of her heart in conjunction with his .
yet in his mind , he could still see the longing and sadness on her face , could smell her erotic scent .
her breath was warm on his chest and her musky , feminine scent wafted upward , assailing his senses .
he felt so solid , and his warmth and scent wrapped around her like a soft blanket .
her natural feminine scent beckoned , and he lowered his head to kiss her intimately .
she smelled like lavenderfrom her shampoo , he knewand the classic chanel perfume she favored .
christian gathered the dry twigs that lay around them and lit a small fire at the entrance , filling the cave with cosy warmth and the soft , resinous scent of pine .
her voice was gentle and flowing , like warm honey and christian caught the scent of jasmine as she led them to a brightly lit anteroom .
these comforted him , for they were the scents of homeand andre .
richly attired in the turkish manner , with rings glittering on every plump finger , he strode regally through the modest doors like a king to his throne , leaving a waft of expensive perfume in his wake .
he walked on through the great gates , toward the mountain standing like a giant in the moonlight and sat down on the banks of the stream , allowing himself a quiet moment of contemplation , and the sweet , earthy scent of forget - me - nots surrounded him , bringing a sharp unexpected memory of home .
he marvelled at the richly hung tapestries and thick carpets underfoot , the bright cushions arranged around tables etched with the signs of the zodiac , the heady scents of jasmine , rose and frankincense .
this time christian took them , not to another room but to a wooden gate leading to a walled enclosure and he waved them through , into a glorious gardengiant lilies hanging like church bells from painted arches , exuding a perfume that made them giddy with its intensity , and tiny white blossoms spread like an exquisitely woven carpet under their feet .
my genie stared wistfully at the invisible iron gate , sighing about amazing floral scents that i could never detect .
he ended up , though , with his nose planted at the center of my sweetheart neckline , as if he were trying to breathe in the cool pine scent that i had idiotically imagined emanating from my treasured cashmere sweater .
she inhaled it deeply , like the scent of a long lost lover , and they headed out to sea .
in that few moments all her senses kicked into overdrive , she saw the need of her in his eyes ; his scent , old and familiar ; the warmth of his body calming her ; she swore she could actually hear his heart beat and longed for a taste .
jake closed his eyes and inhaled her scent slowly .
he held her close , breathing in the scent of her , feeling her , soft against him .
the honeysuckle clinging to the archway filled the air with sweet perfume .
she heard someone mention the rapist , and pushed her way through the mass of humanity , unexpectedly relishing other bodies rubbing against hers , the smell of cologne and perfume .
her heightened senses caught a foreign scent wafting among that of pine needles and humus , the faint body odor of a man .
she saw the virginal white hellebore and the bright - blue bellflower and smelled the sweet perfume of all the wildflowers lofting about her .
it smelled like a sweet perfume and reminded her of the pneuma she 'd read about that gave the prophetic trance to the oracle in ancient delphi .
alex followed them inside , and the four women came in close , caressed her each in turn , and laid her on a silk covered circular bed where they anointed her with a warm , sensuous oil and exotic perfume .
conan suddenly realized that the air was impregnated with an alien and exotic scent .
i am picking up the scent and sound of running water nearby , rich with minerals elec said softly .
a scent of honeysuckle reached his nostrils as she moved closer .
she gave him lots of details , from where they found sonsedhor to the looks on their faces to the colors of the flowers and the scent in the air .
the piece of ground was nearly hidden from the view of the house , and in its centre was a summer - house , which at the usual season of the year was covered with all kinds of creeping plants of exquisite perfumes , and rare beauty .
the scent was so strong alyssa could almost taste it .
she climbed back in bed , rolled over and inhaled the musty scent of the thin pillow .
he smelled like sweat , but the scent of soap still lingered in his hair .
gabe stood silently taking in the scent , imagining the feel of her soft skin rubbing against his .
no , gabe smiled as her soft scent reached him , lilac , she smelled like lilac .
there was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger , and the room was filled with the scent of violet .
it had been that smell , that rich scent of pipe weed which stayed with me .
* * * the woods were gloomy yet the air carried the welcome scent of wet pine .
the bitter scent of rust filled her nostrils as the powder fell on her faceit was like the odour of old blood .
a fire in the corner had burned out , leaving a faint scent of wood smoke in the chamber .
emelia weaved silently past the dressing table , with its powders and perfumes , past the leather armchairs and towards the four - poster bed that dominated the far side of the room .
the scent of wine hung in the air and emelia surmised that they had continued the drinking after uthor had been taken to the citadel of air .
the heady scent of the mint and coriander overpowered her and she retched violently , feeling warm vomit splash down her arms .
the scents lead through the main corridor and to the western wing of the library .
she visualised the kaleidoscope of scents , as bright in her mind as the vibrant shades of a new summers day as the gold of the corn meets the emerald of the hills under an azure sky .
the rich scent permeated the air around the pair .
he drank in the view as he passed each window , tasting the air , feeling the tranquil scents corrode his hangover like brine on an ancient anchor .
a lump came to his throat as he remembered her soft scent and smile .
they wore chainmail hauberks and round basinets with flat nose guards ; their tunics were grey with a black castle emblem and emelia could smell the scent of polish on their armour and swords .
she stepped back and allowed me entrance through the doors , a scent of flowery perfume and expensive skin cream washing over me as i passed .
she stepped back and allowed me entrance through the doors , a scent of flowery perfume and expensive skin cream washing over me as i passed .
i obediently stepped forward , relishing the moment i would be bathed in her fragrant scent .
i passed her , gliding through the tantalising envelope of perfume and skin cream aroma .
eventually he caught an odd scent wafting through the air .
pretending to know all along , your perfume gives you away every time .
then lillith once again leaned her face close to his , inhaling his pure magnificent scent , as if he were a luxurious meal , and proceeded to siphon at his soul .
the scents of the grasslands came to him now and they were sweet .
the intoxicating scent of wood - smoke filled the atmosphere as they lounged by the campfires on the banks of the scenic dankole .
the dim light of a pipe glowed in the creeping dusk , mingling its sweet earthy scent with the smells of cooked food .
he breathed in deeply the scent of the whisky .
tea plantations stretched out in all directions , and in the late day heat , he thought could detect the faint but familiar scent of its leaves .
she could smell him , smell the musky scent of him .
but this sense of euphoria was abruptly cancelled for wynnet when a strange but familiar perfume issued from the healthy hair chart he had just picked , and he recognized the scent as a shampoo that an acquaintance of his had used .
but this sense of euphoria was abruptly cancelled for wynnet when a strange but familiar perfume issued from the healthy hair chart he had just picked , and he recognized the scent as a shampoo that an acquaintance of his had used .
the shampoo scent had been replaced by the scent of the silken quilt : woven of fine red silk from china , and infused with a potpourri of herbs and rose petals .
the shampoo scent had been replaced by the scent of the silken quilt : woven of fine red silk from china , and infused with a potpourri of herbs and rose petals .
amid new scents which were beginning to bring up other acquaintances from his past .
the iron scent of her blood mingled with the damp earths , and drew her down until she felt that there had never been another home for her but this garden .
its whistling air brought her many scents : the scent of rain - swept wood , the scent of lake water , the scents of wild geese and deer hide , of pollen and milky grass stems , of breast milk .
its whistling air brought her many scents : the scent of rain - swept wood , the scent of lake water , the scents of wild geese and deer hide , of pollen and milky grass stems , of breast milk .
its whistling air brought her many scents : the scent of rain - swept wood , the scent of lake water , the scents of wild geese and deer hide , of pollen and milky grass stems , of breast milk .
its whistling air brought her many scents : the scent of rain - swept wood , the scent of lake water , the scents of wild geese and deer hide , of pollen and milky grass stems , of breast milk .
the scent of the pages of letters from novosibirsk , of the wooden toys found under her floor planks .
the air around it on summer weekends was spiced by the hearty scents of tomato sauce , anise , and cigars .
he drew in a sharp breath , inhaling her unique scent .
he carried the sight of her eyes , the scent of her hair , and the taste of her lips into his long sleep .
the acrid scent of burnt gunpowder accompanied the thick smoke that filled the airstrip .
as he watched anguis his nose was aroused by a familiar scent , one that had stayed with him throughout his long sleep .
katin inhaled the scents of roses and daffodils and bluethistle ; they had a calming effect on her , which she desperately needed .
he inhaled deeply , savoring the scents of grass and dust and nature all around .
the foyer smelled of cloying perfume .
epilogue the scent of flowers in deep bloom wafted through the open doors .
i gave a shuddering sob into that thick coat and the scent of pine , soil , and wood smoke filled my nostrils .
now , standing in the middle of my living room once more and breathing in the scent of cheap potpourri , i wondered what i was supposed to do with myself now .
it was like i could feel every cell , hear every nose , smell every scent in the world around us .
she sniffed the air , lips parting as she pulled in his scent .
fear was a perfume in the air .
jessica reached over me , her perfume invading my nostrils .
she concentrated again , toning everything out as she focused her efforts to detect the scents from the body .
his sunglasses were back and the warm vanilla scent engulfed me once again .
i whispered , as his vanilla scent washed over me .
when i closed my eyes , i could still smell her favorite lotion , some type of strawberry scent .
it probably sounds weird , but i could hear them breathing and an unfamiliar scent filled the air , something brisk and fresh , that brought with it a chill that crept into my room .
as he fell , i caught a faint whiff of a pleasant scent sweet yet pungent , cologne of some sort i guessed .
i smelled that familiar scent hanging in the air again , that of a real wood fire , just like mom used to build sometimes in our fireplace at home .
i could smell that clean , sterile scent that lacked the authentic aroma of a house .
the smell of the air was even different in the dormitory than it was outside , holding some kind of magical scent , like the processed and machined smell of the indoors , so much different than the overpowering , heated and wet atmosphere of the outside .
the scent of blueberry pie graced ans nose , more by the second .
now the scent filled every air molecule and ans mouth produced more saliva for the sole purpose of being able to consume more blueberry pie .
an went over to the cup , only to discover that the mead was completely gone , the cup completely dry , and barely the scent of the beverage was left in it .
chapter 8 slumber the morning air was moist and damp , carrying the scent of the lake to ans nostrils .
your scent , your colourful dresses , your laugh , i can go on forever .
she breathed in the warm scent and began removing her possessions .
the average man would not have noticed the fresh , clean scents surrounding him , their subtlety ; their depth .
she enjoyed his clean scent , his nearness .
the smell of marijuana and another strong , chemical - laden scent hung in the air .
she wanted , needed , to scrub the events of the night from her skin , fill her nostrils with the scent of strawberry shampoo in hopes of it purging the fetid stench of charred flesh from them .
the feel of his lips and the clean minty , scent of him made her temporarily forget the bizarre state of her life .
a strong lemon scent hung in the air and the floors looked freshly mopped suggesting that her mother had cleaned .
she was about to step from the inadequate protection of the garage when the faint scent of sweat caught her attention .
when she was close enough to smell his spicy aftershave mingling with the faint scent of leather , he spoke only three words .
she closed her eyes , relishing in the feel of his body against hers , his masculine scent ; his protection .
she wanted to remain encircled in his muscular arms , breathing in his intoxicating scent , but reluctantly stepped back .
she breathed in his scent .
she could hear his lifeblood coursing through his veins ; smell the coppery scent of it .
a scent infused the air , acrid and foul .
the scent of the warm pizza caused his stomach to grumble and reminded jesse just how hungry he was .
at one end of the park vendors sold all types of items , while at the other end food stands lured the hungry with their bewitching scent of diverse cuisines .
she had an intoxicating scent that floated about her , and served to further draw paris interest .
her scent lingered in his nose long after he had left her , keeping her at the forefront of his mind and beckoning him back to her .
the smell mixed so deliciously with the natural note of amber in her scent .
it swung open easily and a rush of musky room perfume tickled her nose .
her trading fleets often fared even worse , their precious cargoes of uncountable gems , heady perfumes and rich silks decorating nothing but the sea bottom rather than the empresss lords and ladies .
their pleasant scent was like lilacs and violets and sweet peas all rolled together into one .
it was deeper than he expected , and the heady scent of its flowers pressed around him , making him feel claustrophobic .
he was near enough to touch her , to smell the sweet scent of her hair , but he could see no sign that she breathed or that her heart pumped in her chest .
a serving girl approached him at once and gleason highly approved of the table she showed him to , grateful for the warmth of the fire and the mouth - watering scent of simmering soup and fresh - baked bread .
the rosemary she had bundled into her apron was still wet ; it gave off a scent more powerful and fresh than any of the perfumes which amandie had smelled on any of the disdainful countesses , the ones who liked to comment on her quaint country accent .
the rosemary she had bundled into her apron was still wet ; it gave off a scent more powerful and fresh than any of the perfumes which amandie had smelled on any of the disdainful countesses , the ones who liked to comment on her quaint country accent .
she took a blissfully long nap , breathing in the comfortingly familiar scent of living wood , while the great white horse grazed peacefully nearby .
the scent of the roses was not as overpowering this time , nor did the sharp thorns try to catch on his clothing .
everything about her was arresting and frightening , and completely alien to anything sandrena had experienced in the waking world ... yet something about the lady carried with it the scent of the familiar .
between the accent , his breath tickling my neck and ear , and the superbly , manly , spicy , woodsy scent emanating from him , i was having a hard time controlling my breathing .
in fact , his left hand was heading due south towards my ass , while his other one had threaded through my hair and pulled me closer as he continued to mark me with his scent .
his scent lingered all over me , and it was intoxicating still .
i rolled on the couch , marking his scent all over it as i twisted and turned , and then i finally passed out into a blissful sleep wrapped in the scent of a stranger .
where the hell have you my moms nose scrunched up , catching the unfamiliar scent on the air .
so , it was rather humorous for me when i watched his face react to the scent that was enveloping me .
his face came to me , and i inhaled his scent again , letting it wrap me up , and comfort me .
i imagined the spicy scent of him wrapping around and ... jess !
it spilled over my arm , and his scent hit me even harder , filling my nostrils with his manly spice .
hypnotic was a popular club , and that kind of popularity left its lingering scent on the air .
in his spicy scent that would linger on me long after he pulled away .
the scent of the fallen leaves on the ground , slowly rotting was mixed making for a uniquely heady mix that further lulled my senses .
it made me smile as i inhaled his familiar spicy scent .
the lemony scent of floor polish told me i was indoors somewhere , and not outside .
underneath the scent of lemon , was a floral smell i could nt place .
all their scents mingled with my own , and wrapped me in a feeling of comfort and tranquility .
i watched as his nose scrunched up a little at my scent .
gergen awoke on his cot in the midst of the barracks , the stale air reeking of leather and steel , the exhaled scent of last nights wine , the farts and belches of sleeping men .
geiseric often found himself closing his eyes and just inhaling the scent of them , that rare combination of old parchment and dust , candles and the ever - present danger of fire , oil that had polished the wood of the tables and chairs and shelves , brass that hung in small plates here and there to label the works .
the air filled with birdsong and the scent of pine and lavender .
she inhaled the myriad scents of the flowers around her .
the cloying mix of artificial scents and the all too real human ones .
bright petals and mellow scent exploded out of it in a stunning array of colour .
it was a musty , flat scent and flavour .
the music that he chose to play was dark and glumly strung , and as he set the morose mood , this is what he sung : my aching head was weary and my thoughts were all but clear ; a wretched scent assaulted me from dungeon cells too near ; the smell was too familiar ; i knew from whence it came : a putrid thing of terror : a troll as known by name .
the morning brought the scent of rain ; by noon , the bard was soaked ; he stood his horse on muddy ground beneath a withered oak ; he rested while the rain increased and wished he had some wine ; the dwarves had drunk their fill of it and left no drop behind .
the silence of ages still clings to the walls ; the scent of time passing still hangs in the air ; my moment of triumph has fallen down low , and i whimper softly , i m sorry i m here .
again , neither took note of me as they passed , but i caught the rich scent of the blue - gowned ladys perfume as she assumed her place at table with the elders .
again , neither took note of me as they passed , but i caught the rich scent of the blue - gowned ladys perfume as she assumed her place at table with the elders .
the flower can not see the beauty it possesses or smell the perfume it wafts , but that does nt mean both are not there and a treasure to the one who finds them .
spring sunshine glinted on his bronzed skin , and i caught the scent of leather , dust , and man .
his face was very close to hers , he realized abruptly , and he could smell the warm , sun - drenched scent of her hair .
i purposefully forgot everything except the strength of his arms , the security of his body , the outdoorsy scent of his clothingcalming , reassuring .
this close , he could hear her breathing and inhale the scent of her damp hair .
her perfume , her perfect make - up , her stature , she was infallible in every way .
dyston pushed the door open and the scent of pasta overwhelmed her senses .
the scent of vanilla and rain flooded her nose .
dyston leaned his forehead against hers and inhaled her scent .
there were all sorts of scents .
i heated my spear so the wound would cauterize somewhat ; ogre blood carries a strong scent .
instead , she asked , ` ` what are the strange scents you noticed ? ''
within a few seconds , all of them relaxed , but still anxious to be near their master and take in the new scents .
other than the retreating gabby women , the area was quiet and no strange scents filled the air .
i can smell her scent .
you smell like summer the scent of jasmine wafting through the warm air .
his wings were folded against his back , and as keira moved around the tree , he inhaled deeply , breathing in her scent .
steam filled the room , and the air was heavy with the scent of the lavender that had been crushed and tossed into the water .
i smell ... she hesitated , trying to place the scent , then opened her eyes when she came up with an answer .
his long black hair caught the wind as scattered footsteps echoed in the forest nearby and the aroma of demons filled the air with the scent of blood .
he reached a rocky outcrop and the scent of eucalyptus grabbed him as he found a province built within the woodland , where sloping red - tile rooftops led to the city center and a large buddhist temple .
he inhaled her natural perfume and the scent polarized something in him , drawing his eyes higher with a desire to grab her and taste the rest .
he inhaled her natural perfume and the scent polarized something in him , drawing his eyes higher with a desire to grab her and taste the rest .
* * * * * he rode across the grasslands and entered the main path to the governors compound , where the wind carried the scent of the flowers in hideyoshis garden .
he took her hand in his and kissed the back of it , the scent of her filling his nostrils , fueling his imagination , causing his heart to beat with gladness .
it burst into flames as he threw it on the fire , the sweet smell of lilac mingling with the scent of wood smoke .
the scent of lilac enveloped him and she smiled with a hint of shyness .
oh the scent !
once more he caught that oh so familiar scent .
with every breath his nostrils filled with the scent .
she leaned in and inhaled , relishing the scent of leather and man .
the scent of beths fruity shampoo and the lavender scent of her soap filled her nose and made her relax into her friends embrace .
the scent of beths fruity shampoo and the lavender scent of her soap filled her nose and made her relax into her friends embrace .
the land around the palace was landscaped with beautiful flowers and carpet grass demarcated by walkways and the air around was filled with the sweet scent of the exotic flowers .
the air was so fresh and crisp with the onset of autumn , painted with the scents of blooms , that it was hard to feel anything but peaceful .
the spicy scent of griffon wood and the crisp sting of distant snow filled her lungs .
in moments , a huge tent was erected in the eastern corner of the courtyard , and the air filled with the scent of good food and the sound of laughter .
the unique scent of her fathers tea tickled her nose .
but when she caught a whiff of the scent of burning wood , her body gave such a jolt that she almost fell over her taps .
she leaned in , so he could smell the musky perfume she wore , and whispered in a voice that curled his toes , and i do like soldiers .
but alluring scents still wafted through the air : roasting meats , boiling vegetables , or just spices and perfumes even nestor had never smelled before .
but alluring scents still wafted through the air : roasting meats , boiling vegetables , or just spices and perfumes even nestor had never smelled before .
she was aware of her guards watching her , no doubt imagining how she would look wearing only those scarves and her perfume , but she ignored them .
clean too , and the air seemed fresher and cooler than outside ; instinctively chaeli wrinkled her nose at the unexpected scents that assailed her nostrils .
the nutty scent of emoa filled her nostrils and she began to hum to herself as she splashed and kicked her legs in the water .
she smelt of algarian cherries today and the scent made his stomach roll .
the scent of flowers and grass filled his nostrils and the songs from the birds soothed his pain .
the scent of her clung to adleys skin and filled the air .
stepping outside , she breathed in deep and allowed the smells of the city to entice her : mead , blood , meat , fruits , spices , perfume .
the smell of soap mingled with the scent of sweat .
the mixture of medicines gave rise to a multitude of scents and fumes swirling in the air .
the caravan was intoxicating , the air thick with their perfume and the scent of their bodies .
the caravan was intoxicating , the air thick with their perfume and the scent of their bodies .
the stale air of the caravan was beginning to make her feel sick ; the mix of the perfumes and sweat from the women was too much for her to bear .
the goddess moved closer , her fruit and honey scent tickling his nostrils .
adley returned her hug , squeezing tightly and breathing in her scent ; for a moment he regretted turning down penellas offer but , as he opened his eyes and locked his gaze with nathans , he knew he had done the right thing .
she longed for it , longed to taste each tear shed in pain , savour the scent of mortal blood as it flowed in her name .
he could hear every tiny noise , could smell the myriad scents of spices and oils and the harsher odours of his own and adleys bodies , but he could also smell the bitterness radiating from chaeli .
eli clenched his fists , his body rigid , her scent lingering around him .
it seemed so strange to be in a city , and yet have the colours , scents and wildlife from the countryside within her grasp .
the scent of honeysuckle reached her once more , the freshness transporting her home ; the sun beat down as it had in the summers of her childhood .
she nodded and they cut across the courtyard , carefully pruned bushes and well tended shrubs lining the walkway , the scent of mint and ratatta weaving through the air .
he pulled her up to him and kissed her , tasting the wine on her lips and inhaling the scent of her perfume .
he pulled her up to him and kissed her , tasting the wine on her lips and inhaling the scent of her perfume .
everything of minas smelled of sex and perfume , and dal kissed her , gently at first and then , as she ran a hand up his thigh , a guttural growl escaped .
we miss them , aye , and we never will stop missing them or turning to say something to them or wishing we could share the sunset or the scent of a flower or the taste of food with them ; but though it stings now , the sting fades to poignancy .
gods ... i m such an idiot , korsten groaned into wondrously soft bedding with a faintly spicy scent .
she skipped off , leaving a cloud of perfume behind her .
she loved the gentle breeze , the peacefulness and the scent of the wildflowers .
the earthen floor had a sprinkling of freshly lain sawdust that still had the scent of pine sap ; rather pleasant to the nose .
the two women servants came back , added some scent to the baths and gave them some fine perfumed bars of soap .
the fireplace had a nice fire going and i could smell the scent of burning wood .
as lou got closer to oz , he smelt the familiar scent of wood burning and could see ambers shooting up into the night sky from a rusted steel drum .
incense laced the shoppes air , but it was a pleasant scent , not like the strong smells in candle shops at malls .
underneath the counter were all types of herbs neatly labeled and added more scents to the room .
i picked up one of the soap look - a - likes and smelled it , expecting a rose or lavender aroma , but there was no scent , not even a soapy smell .
i pressed my face to his neck , breathing in his scent , and closed my eyes .
there s no trace of uncle devins musky scent , but my eyes still go wide in horror .
it takes about fifteen minutes before i find it , that dusty , sweaty , slightly spicy scent .
we both inhale deeply , testing the air for traces of familiar scents .
there was a new scent about , and i felt like i was lying in water , yet i was nt wet .
briksan asked again , looking into her green eyes and perceiving the perfume she exuded .
his scent was intoxicating , like oranges , making me want to breathe him in .
turning around , i could see two bottles , so i reached for one and opened it , pressed my nose close and drew in a breath , the scent of a honey mixture running up to my nose .
the moment my nose caught the scent my stomach rumbled .
it was better in the shade of the pine forest , where the spicy scent of the trees filled her nostrils .
i took a deep breath and smelled all the scents in renes home .
the image rose out of the page and then settled back , colors blending and mixing , alive with power , and the soft scent of vanilla washed over me .
a smell in the air attracted mea beautiful and fragrant scent .
in the distance , i saw fireflies twinkling in the trees and could smell the fresh scents of summer .
they could smell the fresh scent of christys soul and were coming down to feast .
for them the scent of heaven is spice to such a meal .
amelia stepped into the embrace gratefully , breathing deeply and taking in robs comforting scent .
dreamer pulled her into a tight hug , miriam inhaling her sweet vanilla scent with delight .
pandora inhaled his familiar scent , remembering when she was ten , james eleven .
she thought i was upset with ron for some reason , but after i inhaled her cocoa butter scent i was on cloud nine for the rest of the day , and i developed a crush on her .
i hugged her tightly , inhaling her scent i loved so much , hearing her voice again .
i could smell her lovely scent , which was like lime mixed with coconut or something .
before i realised it i had edged closer to her , inhaling her brilliant scent .
i gave her a hug , one giant hug , inhaling her scent i loved so much .
the scent of many long miles clung to her , and dust caked the lines about her mouth .
afterward that whole day at odd intervals she smelled the laurel scent on her fingers .
oh , how bitter it was to pray for the parched and cracked land , where even thistles and weeds struggled to grow , for the prayers brought to mind better times , greener fields and the scent of blossoms .
so fast , so strong luster took the polishing cloth from daphnes hand , breathing deep of its scent .
but , alas , no warm gust of wind pierced the freezing cold , and no matter how often they stopped to smell the air , they could detect no pleasing scent only the earthy rankness of the goatskins .
when he inhaled the rich , tangy scent , it filled him with the very essence of the universe .
an earthy , rich aura of taste and scent poured over his face , down his throat and into his lungs .
he caught the faint raspberry scent of her perfume , the clean , light fragrance dancing along the edges of his senses .
he caught the faint raspberry scent of her perfume , the clean , light fragrance dancing along the edges of his senses .
~~~~~ anne touched her daughters warm , sticky hands , the soft scent of apple cider and peanut butter gently caressing her raw nerves .
he kissed her forehead , the lingering scent of strawberries and cream shampoo tickling his nose .
the tangy , coppery scent drifted up and mixed with the salty taste of tears running down her face .
the familiar , comforting scent had always meant she was home , she was safe .
a warm breeze carried the scent of honeysuckle and horse manure through yellow sunshine and fields of tall grass .
the coppery , musty scent of it wrapped heavily around her , filling her nose and mouth .
he pulled her back and hugged her close , the scent of grape juice and play - doh tickling his nose , assuring him that this was real .
the scents , more than any other sensation , held onto the happy memories of her childhood .
the smell of body odor , stale cigarettes , and that singular plastic - y scent that meant locked doors , walls with no windows , insanity .
her face inches above it , the dusky scent of damp earth hung in the air bringing to mind images of worms and bones .
a warm breeze carried the flowery scent of ginger , or cinnamon and caressed dans face with a soft hand of silk .
the tangy , marine scent of newborn life intoxicated her .
her stomach rumbled at the lingering scent of bacon .
the air burdened itself with their scent , filling daelins lungs .
the soft scent of melon accompanied her words .
she shook a lithe finger at his nose , filling his nostrils with her lilac perfume .
she had traded in skyscrapers for snowcapped mountains , the stench of the forgotten for the heady scents of juniper , sage , pine , and cedar , and the turbulent east and hudson rivers for placid twin lakes that reflected the majesty of nature , nothing but nature .
between the natural landmarks , booths dotted the center of the street trimmed with clashes of music , splashes of vibrancy , and the scents of cotton candy and popcorn .
she quickly detected the pronounced scent of alcohol in the air .
he breathed in and smelled the fresh scent of cherry blossoms as he stared into her beautiful eyes .
this is brand new , he said while breathing in the scent of the new car smell mixed with fresh leather .
their kissing continued and she drew in the scent of his freshly drawn blood , giving rise to a growing bloodlust within her .
in turn , he breathed in , appreciating the sweet fragrance of her perfume .
i loved the scent of fresh eternal breeze on sun- soaked clothes .
i ca nt drink as fast now , my head is swimming in aaron , my body bathing in his scent .
and the air of these lands were refreshing and sweet to breathethe scent of the transparent blue ashur flower heavy on the winds like a seductive dream .
leering down at her with its big head , the revenant could smell the fear on her as if it were a strong perfume .
but it all seems so real ... for a moment jack had fooled himself into thinking he could feel the ocean breeze tickling his skin and filling his nostrils with the scent of salt .
layla 's enticing scent , which overpowered the gloam 's , filled his nostrilsit was a soft , sweet , spicy atlantean perfume known as ashur'sah , which was made from the deep blue ashur flower he had heard mathias speak of .
layla 's enticing scent , which overpowered the gloam 's , filled his nostrilsit was a soft , sweet , spicy atlantean perfume known as ashur'sah , which was made from the deep blue ashur flower he had heard mathias speak of .
the grass was a beautiful emerald green , standing waist high to lov , and as the wind brought them the scents , lov 's nose was assailed by rich earthy goodness .
sweet scents wafted through and past the tall hedges , following the path of lush grass to a set of stairs .
from that heavy musty smell of the old wooden walls to the mingling of the fresh skin on the newly bound books , every scent sparked a memory .
the scent of baked goods and pleasantries wafted through her senses and she had to force herself to ignore that rumbling in her stomach .
he kissed her arms - oddly her scent was absent - and she felt so close but so far away .
suddenly , murray had grasped her in an embrace , the woody scent from his second skin coat flooding through her .
as he passed through the curtains - a faint aroma of yesmis scent grasping his senses - the candles within burst into life .
she did nt have to force herself to inhale the myriad scents and brush her fingers over the familiar plants that surrounded her .
something moved in the corner of her eye and she turned to see a woman leaning over a bush of those red flowers , inhaling the scent .
with a soft smile , the woman left leyna alone by the pool , surrounded by mystical flowers in their overwhelming scent , and stunned by the incredulity of the situation .
it looked good , but her appetite had suddenly disappeared and the scent was too overwhelming for her stomach .
then she buried her face within the material that was gradually emptying itself of murrays scent and wept softly in despair .
silver white grasses dressed the surface whole , while the perfumed scent of jasmine , gardenia , and sweet alyssum could be found within every breath .
taking a deep breath of calm , he breathed in the warm scent of vanilla and marshmallow .
regrettably , in less than three waves of a butterflys wing , her scent of essence was again gone .
for the simple fact that she could see with her eyes , smell the aromas and vivid scents of each morning rise .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scents of the sea air .
she breathed in his pleasing scent .
she breathed in , taking in the full scent of her beloved , his natural fragrance of cinnamon and caramel .
in a season of winters present grace , in amongst the endless white ; lay a field of pleasant poppies , lay a field of pleasant perfume .
the scent of poppy would bring to them sensations of harmonious cloud .
the scents in which wafted through every gasp of breeze was almost delectable .
not only could they detect the sweet scented perfumes to thousands and thousands of flowers , but the aromas of cinnamon , ginger , licorice , lemon , lime , and nutmeg , just to name a few , swarmed thy gentle winds also .
lavenders scent was of lavender itself .
~*~ unlocking her eyes to a clear starlit night , the cheerful scent of daisies clung to her first breath .
please , the only words that tatiana could find as she took in the sweet scent of the rose .
the scent of salted ocean was exceptionally strong .
sulphur has a distinct scent .
then she came to me , and i smelled her scent when she was near .
i had never thought about this before , but my mother had her own scent that i knew and that brought me comfort in my fevering .
suns nostrils were often filled with the scent of copal incense , and the heated sparks from burning blood rekindled his fires .
she opened one of the pouches , and the scent of eremuil , the wild coffee plant , came out .
` ` ah - bobilche likes the scent of herbs , '' said ix - k'an - nohol - na .
but ix - k'an - nohol - na opened the pouch and let out the scent of cruxi , the cross vine .
but ix - k'an - nohol - na 's pouches were already open , and the scents of the powdered xivs came out .
there was an odor on the bundle , it was the flowery scent of a young woman , more delicate than the scents of the women of my own village .
there was an odor on the bundle , it was the flowery scent of a young woman , more delicate than the scents of the women of my own village .
it was their scent that greeted her that day , and later she thanked me for this gift , though she was surprised i put them there .
it is the scent of cedar which distinguishes them , and their green cotton head - wrap .
the smells of these things were strong , for days the storytellers hut was filled with luscious scents , and though kaakik offered me my pleasure i could not accept anything or think of amusing myself with vanilla or chocolate or a good smoke or a contest of chili - eating with my work - father .
sixteen kinds of honey were present , each had its own color and scent and taste , every lineage kept its bees differently , for flavor .
` ` perhaps her scent and shining eyes will make you happy . ''
so radiant was their scent that the house of sacnik 's father was soon filled with the aroma , and even with the feast only two days away , everyone in that house rested easily and dreamed of pleasing things .
tijun was the first truly beautiful woman i had seen , beautiful was her face and her form and her walking all together , and when she stepped up to kaakik and myself there was a very pleasing scent as well .
` ` here is priest seven , he knows he is not clever enough to trap the high priest , but he says his riddle anyway : ' go and get me your priestly loincloth , that i may sniff its odor alongside my own wide - spread loin cloth , and breathe in the scent at the center of the sky . '
a soft , crisp breeze delivered the scent of fresh flowers , accompanied by calmness among the village .
the fragrance of sweet perfume gave his heart delight .
* * * i breathed in the scent of honeysuckle and pine that hung thick in the air .
i smelled the warm sweet scent before i heard matthias come out from the house .
bring him in the queen said to caligari , and i smelled the warm sweetness of his scent before i saw him .
mystic strength coiled , ready to pounce , when a familiar scent wafted by cerberusshade .
the familiar , musty , scent of ancient tomes filled my nostrils .
a warm , damp , breeze , coupled with the cloying scent of musk and decay billowed out from the inky darkness .
i can not remember a time not being surrounded by the scent of mothers special blend of herbs and spices .
approaching the patch , he can smell tears , and the ugly mixed scent of herbs and spices .
the perfume is already filling up my pores and i m not even in the tub yet .
he can smell her natural scent , the rockflower - human mix he has been missing .
inhaling her scent from time to time as if building up recourses , he steals kisses on her crown as much as he dare .
with margarith inside there is someone here he lifts his face into the breeze and picks up the foreign scent , strong and potent .
instead what he smells is a sweet , clean scent of the woman he loves .
he inhales my scent and i feel the strain he is under to keep control of himself .
the bathroom is complete with towels , nightgown , comfy slippers and several bath scents to choose from .
he is thankful for the wind playing a little havoc outside , mixing the scents .
he inhales her scent eagerly , letting it stir familiar emotions .
i lean in and inhale , opening my mouth to not only smell but also taste his scent in full force .
you have changed your scent , the pine is a lovely touch , maria notes and an ardent discussion about the family business and perfumes ensues .
the bath is warm and soothing but no perfume , no fragrance , nothing to taint my natural scent .
the bath is warm and soothing but no perfume , no fragrance , nothing to taint my natural scent .
her perfume smells like something lilly may have concocted from natural blends and oils .
i refuse the scents and oils .
the faint scent in the air pushes a hiss from my lips that i did nt know formed .
* * * in the front room , liam is licking over his lips , tasting carminas sweet scent .
her hands on his bent knee , she leans close to his skin and inhales his scent .
i stop for at mommas evergreen and inhale the pine scent .
i open my mouth and turn my head to inhale the air around , categorizing and eliminating the known scents .
it is when i manage to take the outer layer of sulfur - smelling , smoke - coated clothing off that her scent rises up and fills my body with shockwave after shockwave .
it was a comical moment to see her face pull at the strong scent and for a moment , a glimpse of the old john pokes around the kitchen door .
there are so many scents mixed in the air .
some of the scents are fresh .
death , rot , blood and flesh hang around everywhere , mixed in with unfamiliar musky scents .
there re at least 30 different scents here !
liam looks at the girl that captured his imagination and love from the very first moment he smelled her scent .
i can see every molecule drifting between us and , inhaling liams scent , i watch the vapors of his being rush towards me .
to taste her scent in the back of your throats ?
they walked slowly towards the verge and a wondrous scent filled the air .
she suddenly appeared in that grim cave and the scent of the flowers sent the shadow of death flying from its confines .
it was all too clear that they liked charlottes almost see - through blouses , tight jeans , short skirts , heavy makeup , and enticing perfumes .
opening the door , he followed the feel of her , the trailing scent of her , pulling through every livingstone fiber of his body .
the spicy scent barely masked the stench of evil clinging tenaciously to the humble dwelling .
the cold rain released the tangy smell of evergreens and the aromatic scent of wild sage and rosemary shrubs that grew with abandon between rocks and boulders along the road .
it is a pleasant scent .
even her scent faded as he stood in the middle of her small space .
jaysynn stepped back both to keep his face hidden and because the girl reeked of cheap perfume .
bron swore he could smell it across the fire , in the rare , dry air of the burnt mountainside -- sweet and summery and distant , the scent of spiced peaches preserved by a loving mother for the joy of her husband and daughter .
kamal asked , momentarily relishing the fresh scent of the gardens morning air himself .
beneath unseen stars , sirens trill and nymphets dance , as thy serene enchanting virtuosity , enraptures the night as the evening breeze suffused with the scent of flora blew past their faces , as she stared in to his eyes and he stared back in to hers , as he sang his poesy and bared another little fragment of his past and of his heart to her , it felt as if the past had become the present , that the words he spoke were not for a lost love but for the lover sitting right in front of him .
but then , the boys eyes fell upon raghuvir and anoothi and at once , the scent of love which was suffusing his surroundings turned in to that of anxiety .
my dad began sniffing the air , almost as if he could smell a fresh home cooked meals scent traveling up his nostrils .
the wind blew warm air with scents of moisture and pine down from the gray mountains .
it smelled of dust , leather , and cigar smoke with another scent she could only describe as man .
the spiced wine warmed her hands in its stone goblet , wafting its autumnal scents over her face .
arconians dipped the ends of their locks in sweet smelling oils , and the room filled with the scent of oranges .
it dripped oil into the flames , filling the air with mouthwatering scents .
' they will smell my scent upon his skin and come here .
he belonged in another world and time , right down to the cloistering scent of his cologne , the brush of powder on his cheeks , the old world propriety of his conduct .
tremendous evergreens yearned skyward , the scent of freshly mown grass creeping through the vents to color the air green .
a scent of jasmine filled the air , heady perfume painting the sky of this surreal world .
a scent of jasmine filled the air , heady perfume painting the sky of this surreal world .
the scent of eternity clung to his bodyfor he had a keen sense of humor about himselfand when i raised my eyes and looked into his face , i was inundated with the profound realization that miquel was n't human .
his white cotton shirt pressed my cheek , bearing the scent of him that was muted cologne and wildfire out of control , anesthesia and aphrodisiac all at once .
* my next awareness was of being in the great room of their home , where candles burned on the sills and the scent of smoke from the fireplace filled the air like pleasant anesthesia .
his chin rested against my forehead , his shadowy stubble coarse and entirely too physical , his clean scent filling my nostrils .
and though i have no recollection of him making a small incision below his ear , i was drawn to the scent of that scarlet milk as a baby instinctively seeks its mother 's breastthe only real thing in the midst of the cold black mire .
the room is filled with the sacred scent of balsam , santal , myrrh , frankincense , stacte , onycha and galbanum .
she brings to them , somehow , the blue sky and the remembered scent of lilacs of earlier mays .
he enjoyed the wafting scents of the city below until alicia reappeared at the doors .
the scent of tobacco and whiskey filled the alleyway .
the smell of cedar mixed with the faint scent of blood .
his mother had a fire going on the shore , and the scent of roast cod wafted through the humid air .
a series of overflowing buckets with flies buzzing around them , served as the privy and the room 's perfume .
a mixture of sulfur and excrement wafted from the pit , a nauseating perfume .
finder leaned so close to mavik he could smell a sweet , but unfamiliar scent upon her breath .
verica hugged jazlyn , inhaling her scent .
the dust of his bones would keep loving the musky scent of her fur and her golden - yellow eyes when he was gone .
leena took a deep breath enjoying the vanilla scent before she set it back down to listen more .
kalen inhaled deeply and the elements of the scent separated themselves into their fundamental components : conquerors sweat , raging heat , and human flesh .
it smelled ancient and mystic , two of voaks favorite scents .
the scents were rising like steam out of many various pools , some were circular , others more rectangular , while others were framed by shapes voak could nt even describe .
though the liquid was thicker than water for something that carried so many scents it was nt particular thick .
he found himself stroking the cloak under his nose , smelling its scent , hoping that his nostrils would be filled with the smell of her perfume .
he found himself stroking the cloak under his nose , smelling its scent , hoping that his nostrils would be filled with the smell of her perfume .
the lack of the desired scent did little to distance the memory , rather it strengthened it .
the air was fresher than the scent of any spring , it felt like they were breathing in the nectar of the very gods .
a slight breeze carried with it scents and odours he could nt identify - sweet , musty , spicyhe could nt really identify any of the smells .
her eyes widened as she took in all that redit filled the small hut with its scent .
the corruption of innocence was this flowers scent .
shards of bark blister everywhere , and a powerful dank smell fills the air , mixing with the musty scent of mud to make it feel as if i ' ve been plunged deep into the earth itself .
it rushes freely by me , bringing with it the refreshing scent of rain from the mountains behind the city .
drawn along by a brisk wind , the unmistakable scent of salt fills the air .
the aroma of spice and herbs , of assorted kind , combined to infuse the air with a wonderful , if exotic , scent .
the basements cold , stagnant , air reeked with the musky scent of damp and slow decay .
sniffing them , she smelled amatolas scent .
not far from the shore , amatola noticed an odd scent in the breeze .
she had the window open , enjoying the crisp , clean smell of the night when she noticed an odor underneath the nights scent .
the scent in the air reminded her of the scent they had left behind .
she loved the pine smell with the scent of all of the forest flowers .
there was no hurry so they ambled along , taking in the lush greenness with scents of the forest until the day was almost gone .
the soaps scent was marvelous , filling the entire room .
it was soft as silk , scented with a tortuously haunting scent .
putting his nose to the inside of her wrist , he inhaled her scent .
for a moment , i thought maybe i d dreamt it , that there was a moment when my brain insulated me , just briefly , from what i d heard in my parents bedroom the previous night , but i had the scents in my nose , and the sights in my mind , and the stones in my coat pocket .
and he d think about letters passing from hand to hand , letters with wax seals , letters with scents of perfume , hand - stamped postmarks , packages carefully wrapped in perfectly folded brown paper and twine .
and he d think about letters passing from hand to hand , letters with wax seals , letters with scents of perfume , hand - stamped postmarks , packages carefully wrapped in perfectly folded brown paper and twine .
the lemon trees were arranged in neat rows , five trees per row , and the first year eddie had driven down the road , the air was filled with overpowering scent of citrus , bright yellow lemons filling the trees and falling to the ground .
the times i opened the door , the cold creep of air pushed through window spaces , and the smell of moms department store perfume and dads drug store aftershave spilled into the hallway .
it was over a month before i finally set foot into the room , when i threw open the windows in a late winter windstorm , letting the wind scoop up the stale scents from the air and sweep the dust off the furniture and floor .
chapter six the letter was written in black ink on thick , beige paper and had the slight scent of vanilla .
she moved close to me , her vanilla perfume filling my nose .
her voice was somewhat husky , and the slight scent of cigarette smoke explained why .
but i walked into the bedroom closet , stared at her clothes hanging on the rack , smelled her scent in the air , touched her shoes with my toes .
afterwards , i hung up and lay in bed , holding lizs pillow to my face , breathing in the scent of her shampoo and perfume until dawn arrived , its deep red light painting every wall and corner .
afterwards , i hung up and lay in bed , holding lizs pillow to my face , breathing in the scent of her shampoo and perfume until dawn arrived , its deep red light painting every wall and corner .
i reach over to wake liz , and she s not there , only her imprint in the sheets and pillow , both still warm from her body , the scent of her shampoo hanging in the air .
in the bedroom , her vanilla perfume still wafted from her dresser .
i thought of the walks liz and i took through the town streets in the cold rains and the warm evenings , the darkened hallways of the coxton college physics building where i first saw her , the dark nights of waiting by the study window for her headlights to shine over the driveway , her body beside me in bed , her hands in mine , her lips on mine , her last smile , her hand reaching to me before that explosion of electricity , her perfume on the air .
for a moment , i smelled the scent of air cleansed by rainstorms and the scent of vanilla wafting on the wind .
for a moment , i smelled the scent of air cleansed by rainstorms and the scent of vanilla wafting on the wind .
anticipation for his fathers tale motivated oleg to hurry away on his errand , just as the delicious scent of the roasted turkey goaded him on as well .
with summer coming on , the first harvest of honey was already in and it filled the chamber with a wonderfully sweet scent that hung heavy in the air .
the air wafted with the heady scents of burnt incense and expensive rose - oil perfume .
the air wafted with the heady scents of burnt incense and expensive rose - oil perfume .
less distinct but still unmistakable were the scents of the smoke of burnt wax candles , a tangy herbal blend like a medicinal salve , the sweet vapors of wine , and the musky fragrance of women overcome with sensual excitement .
with the blanket pulled away , they positively radiated the scents he had first detected upon entering the room .
the plain white walls did nt change , but the scents that filled the air were bright as paint .
then he closed his eyes and inhaled again , seeking out all the scents that floated in the air .
he let hundreds of peoples scents drift by , seeking for guinnesss scent of dark chocolate , black leather , damp earth , and charcoal .
he let hundreds of peoples scents drift by , seeking for guinnesss scent of dark chocolate , black leather , damp earth , and charcoal .
a scent of green , of cut grass and new leaves .
normally peoples scents were instantly recognizable as belonging to people , no matter how closely they resembled other smells .
he d never mistaken his grandmothers scent of sun - warmed steel for actual metal , or his brothers spicy scent for real nutmeg .
he d never mistaken his grandmothers scent of sun - warmed steel for actual metal , or his brothers spicy scent for real nutmeg .
he was surrounded by fur and warmth and everyones scents .
can you smell peoples scents ?
much more dignified than my real scent name .
if she agreed to let him go when the time came , then he and his teasing and his fidgeting and his distracting scent and his funny scratchy voice and his body heat and his blithe self - confidence and his ability to stir up feelings she did nt want to feel would all be out of her life .
lechon touched noses with mechanics black - tipped gray wolf , and inhaled her scent of hot metal , old leather , and engine oil .
his scent rose up rich and hot around her .
all he could smell was dust and sand and minerals , and echos incongruous scent of green leaves and clear water .
the metallic , meaty smell overwhelmed matchs scent of sulfur and smoke .
his scent of salt and flame filled the air .
his warmth and his fire - and - salt scent rose up in a dizzying fog .
she could smell not only his smoky natural scent , but his sweat and hers and the lemony aroma of the shampoo they shared .
everyone had their own distinctive scent now , beneath whatever cologne they wore or antiseptic they used to clean their hands .
his therapist washed her hair with lavender - scented shampoo , but her scent beneath that was hot and pungent , like fresh - laid asphalt .
the sickening chemical smell of the air was stronger in the corridor , but beneath it , he could smell a light , fresh scent : outside .
he was lower to the ground , in a world without colors , but with scents as bright and clear as neon lights .
the scents of rich earth and moss rose up with every footstep .
there was some kind of dark , musty scent to him that she had a feeling probably was nt cologne .
inhaling , she recognized the dark musty scent that she associated with sam ; not exactly the same , but similar .
when nathaniel reached with his mind to tap her well , she gasped ; the musky scent overwhelmed her senses and she knew he was strong .
the jacket smelled pleasantly of him , that scent of dark magic that might be addictive , but she tried not to make it obvious that she was sniffing his clothes in front of him .
he could probably sense her bond with sammael , like the scent of a musky cologne that clung to her .
it was expensive soap , with a pleasant perfume .
she selected one with the scent of lavender and then , after undressing , she stepped into the bath and leaned back luxuriating in the warmth of the water .
on either side of the path were gardens with winter flowering plants whose perfume hung on the air giving a promise of the spring to come .
there were also flowering trees putting out their blossoms and the scent of spring was in the air , but even so , asphodel found the atmosphere oppressing , so after a while she went back to her little cell .
and so the lady brightened and they began to play , to tussle , and then to lay among the wildflowers sweet scent , their colors all intermixed .
that same rancid scent of aftershave and whiskey filled raymonds nostrils as jehus smiling face stepped in to size up his prey .
if i could live in this very moment , breathing in his scent and gazing upon him for the rest of my life , i would die a happy woman .
i forced myself to take a step closer , breathing in more of his scent .
his scent , rich , clean , and so very ryan , filled my senses as i leaned into him , making me even more lightheaded than before .
i could even smell the scent of fine food drifting in on that breeze .
sweat trailed from his forehead and he smelled ashes over the scent of plants .
walking by the fields , the scent was so soothing that auron felt his maju restoring .
the scent of the red flowers gave him energy .
his father vinx , the chief , was always rough and cold , but his mother was the sun and the scent of the amaranth flowers .
eerith inhaled the scents of the river then looked at oseth .
the scent of bananas and nuts wafted to his nose and immediately affected his stomach .
he inhaled the scent of her shampoo coconut and lime maybe ?
when she poured the beverage , the scent of lavender wafted more plentifully in the room .
chapter seven : examination a cool breeze whipped by adelias face , carrying the scents of follys glen past her .
frak can smell its sweet yuma fruity scent ... as he sips he also feels its intoxicating blessing .
they are all the darkest of black with a thick musky scent ; fleshy .
it was just one moment in eternal rapture and the next waking amidst a nest of pillows and shawls and flower scents and the soft murmur of those ambling about .
she , her body , simply a map of flesh drawn by the hand of a devilwhich given its sensuous beauty , its ravaging of every profane sensibility forces him to inhale her scent , be drawn by the allure of her golden hair , gasp at the innocence of her moonstone flesh , slightly pink like crushed rose petals .
huge glaciers of lavender masses : floating , bumping against , clinging , soothing , hiding himunder he goes , right up to his nose ... she lathers up her palms to wash his hair , tender fingers plying him with the keen care of a crocheter , a dip and dart through the mass of his muddy entanglement , leaning back his head to wash , fingertips whispering echoes of her heart up and down , across and back his foreheadrinsing him : a coiled , hand - crafted pitcher dumping warm water , running new water , removing all dirt , all smells , all scents of moments pastraising and drying him off : thick towels , cold floor ... she quickly sat him down on the lidded stool and damped his feet : soft , new , her gift , christmas giftfluffy moccasins : deerskin slippers , cut and stitched by a local cobblers hand , like he had seen and admired in dinkytown ... she then stands him tall like a candle - just - dipped and draws from him all that her heat can , all that she has purified of him through her heartfrank is robed : full length of perfumed terry - cloth ... her scent : attar of rose wafting lemony alarms of verbenatowel around his neck , a pat against the nape where gravity has tricked her minutes before ... together , they are sitting together in his living room ... snow - glare lights flaring off of probing two moon sun ... all that ten below can conjure up for minnesotas opening salvocrisp , crinkly , ice biting clarity of air and a breath which sucks the lungs icy drytogether : dalores and frank .
exhilarated , axz metamorphs back ... pauses , relishing the dip into space and time , into the scent of flesh , then asks : what did darlm do ?
offering : scents of red blood of buds .
with a sniff , sxz becomes the answer ... sniffing the reddening powderthe wafting scent of attar of rosesotto of roses who knew this ?
into the sacred hut , the holy of holies , each one entersthere met by a scent so powerful that with one sniff they are intoxicated ... precious frankincense which he brought back with him ... this scent and the blistering bewilderment of the shower of fire , hundreds of candles snapping at the eyes ... hooking and luring them inthem onto their knees and disrobed by unseen hands , stripped naked and splashed , crashed upon , inundated with water ... water and sound : a voice unknown with a timbre that stakes the heart ... as it is staked to the ground each isthere in a moment of mystified bewilderment and profound inexplicable joy ... a joying of fear and hope and expectationbeing propped upon their knees and swatted with a bone - cracking thump of a sacred rod ... a power roda fierce warriors weapon , thence raised and clothed in a simple clean robe , just a sheet , undyed , rough of fiber : the humbling of obediencerising , now a priest : gods warriorhaving been submitted and submitting .
into the sacred hut , the holy of holies , each one entersthere met by a scent so powerful that with one sniff they are intoxicated ... precious frankincense which he brought back with him ... this scent and the blistering bewilderment of the shower of fire , hundreds of candles snapping at the eyes ... hooking and luring them inthem onto their knees and disrobed by unseen hands , stripped naked and splashed , crashed upon , inundated with water ... water and sound : a voice unknown with a timbre that stakes the heart ... as it is staked to the ground each isthere in a moment of mystified bewilderment and profound inexplicable joy ... a joying of fear and hope and expectationbeing propped upon their knees and swatted with a bone - cracking thump of a sacred rod ... a power roda fierce warriors weapon , thence raised and clothed in a simple clean robe , just a sheet , undyed , rough of fiber : the humbling of obediencerising , now a priest : gods warriorhaving been submitted and submitting .
there is no worthy substitute for a caress or breathing in a scent or even feeling someones weight pressing against your body .
her skin emitted the soft scent of jasmine causing his blood to rush away from his head .
he slowly moved his attention to her neck , kissing it , enjoying the soft scent that her smooth skin emitted .
she moved quickly to my bath , pouring the bits of soap and scents in as she spoke , ` ` try and tell your father , maybe it ll convince him that the expense has been worth it . ''
even her bedroom , which normally smelled of heavenly bouquets , cologne and aftershave , occasionally held a rancid scent .
within the breeze lingered gasoline , exhaust , spices , meat , and the heavy perfume of roses , salty skin , and liquor .
apart from the bitter perfume , the incense , the waterhe zeroed in closer .
she did nt even have perfume , which would have been great , since she smelled of demon stink and wet dog hair .
cal raised his head and flared his nostrils to fully catch the new scents .
a rosy scent hung in the air .
it is painful ; the world is harsh and intense : gregory shuts his eyes ; it does not help : it is like a sharp noise during a headache , bright sunlight after darkness , chilli on his tongue , a pinching of his skin or the scent of burning sulphur in his nose .
the scent of freshly baked bread wafted through the air .
he inhaled the scent of the pillow .
the scent of her wafted over him , a rich and fruity air , and he dropped his eyes to the floor .
the scent of the fresh coffee he had just made , as he had every morning since they moved into the house two months ago , lingered in her mind .
the coffee machine was on , and the scent of coffee was heavy in the air .
as she did so , the scent of his cologne filled the air and hit her like a ton of bricks .
i miss you so much , '' she moaned as she buried her face in his pillow , taking in his scent .
she reluctantly lifted her head from his pillow , inhaling slowly , reveling in the lingering scent her husband left behind .
his mother had a fire going on the shore , and the scent of roasted rain fish wafted through the humid air .
` ` no , it 's your other invisible friend , '' verica said , hugging jazlyn , inhaling her scent .
an acid perfume filled the air .
candles dispensed an elegant perfume , and wind chimes tinkled sweetly .
pappi felt the hot proximity of tironogos firm , masculine body , and smelled his musky perfume .
and indeed , he changed back into a baro tree , whose perfume once again filled the room .
he could smell her perfume , the one that had always been his favorite .
the people sat , breathing the scent of the wildflowers .
kor noticed the delightful scent of the baro tree .
she stood , and perliria removed the towel from lightbearers hair , and began to give it a final combing and brushing , while dampening it with perfume .
the scent was intoxicating .
the scent of incense , left over from the opening service , hung in the air .
he also planted flowers and herbs whose scent repelled insects .
the scent of lilac and sea salt filled the room as she spoke .
kosai swore under his breath and was about to walk up to the gate tower , but before he could take his first step , the air filled with the scent of lilac and sea salt .
the scent of man sweat and grain wafted in the air .
the dining room became filled with the scent of cinnamon , garlic and sweet flower seeds as the steam escaped from the once lord pryce .
mari recognized the scent from her early days , living with her littermates in a warm cardboard box .
the man who owned her then liked chocolate , but the scent of this chocolate was much stronger , darker , richer .
the lingering scent beckoned me from outside the room and as i stepped forward the door was torn away before me .
he moved closer towards me and i could smell his bodily scent , salty sweat with desire .
a strange scent had suddenly filled her office .
the door to their office opened , and their visitor entered carrying with him the mystery scent .
i happen to have a natural , masculine scent .
salt , water , and something else , that indefinable scent that says ocean , not lake , nothing usable , nothing drinkable .
i nodded , raising the tea up to my face , not to drink , but just to breathe in the sweet scent of peppermint and spearmint intermingled .
the scent of his hair was sweet and clean .
the scent of flowers filled the air , pleasant but strong .
apparently she 'd been trying to wake us for some time and finally resorted to the tiny bells and the scent of roses .
the eucalyptus that lined the street just outside the garden wall was a heavy spicy scent that rode the air to mingle with the smell of the warm lemon trees .
the smell of eucalyptus coated everything with its warm , pine - wood scent .
we were the sweet evergreen smell of eucalyptus , and the thick warm scent of sunburned grass .
i thought of the smell of blood -- that neck - ruffling scent -- and the way enough of it freshly spilled always smelled like meat , like raw hamburger .
we were hit by scents and bursts of color .
the wind that trailed at our backs smelled like dried cornfields and the dark , crisp scent of dying leaves .
the wind swirled around me , chasing my hair across my face , bringing the scent of burned leaves , and i laughed .
there was a crisp sharp smell like autumn leaves , and under that , like a second wave of scent , was the rich smell of fresh earth .
the scent of roses was back .
each of the men smelled the scent they had smelled when the goddess had manifested for them .
the scent of plants was mingling so that i could smell galen 's apple blossoms , doyle 's scent of autumn oak leaves and deep forest , and rhys 's sweet , cloying lily of the valley .
the scent of plants was mingling so that i could smell galen 's apple blossoms , doyle 's scent of autumn oak leaves and deep forest , and rhys 's sweet , cloying lily of the valley .
the scents and tastes combined with the scent of wild roses .
the scents and tastes combined with the scent of wild roses .
the world exploded , if you could call light , color , music , and the perfume of flowers an explosion .
the ring pulsed , and the scent of roses rode the air .
the scent of roses was stronger .
there was a scent of roses .
i half expected the strong perfume to make the nausea worse , but instead , it eased .
or maybe it was the scent of roses growing stronger .
all the flowers and vines of taranis 's room , and there had been no scent .
the scent of roses came like a soothing wave .
the scent of roses and deep forest was suddenly present , as if we 'd stepped into a forest glade where wild roses had managed to grow .
the scent of roses was fresh , and so real that i thought i felt a petal brush my cheek .
i almost told him that i was n't doing this , but with that thought the scent of roses suddenly grew stronger .
i guessed that i should not tell hugh that i was n't creating the flowers on purpose , and with that thought the scent of roses dimmed , i took it to mean that i 'd done what she wished .
i buried my hand in the warmth of his hair , drew him close so i could breathe in the scent of his skin .
i took in a deep breath of the scent of his skin , and said , ` ` kneel or sit . ''
i breathed in the scent of good leather , the oil that he 'd used to clean the sword , and over all that was the scent of him .
but it was usna , and i knew that he was aware of everything in the hallway , even while trying to put the scent of his skin against my hair .
the voice came from my mouth , and echoed through the wind , and the drowning scent of blossoms .
blossoms spilled out , white and pink , and the scent of apples was thick and sweet .
to this day the scent and feel of the terriers was a comforting thing to me .
` ` for the scent of your hair on my pillow i would trade my life , but i have served this court too long to give it into the hands of cel . ''
the sweet scent of apple blossoms filled the air , and that sense of peace that could come when you worshipped filled me .
i smelled apple blossoms again , and i turned toward the scent .
i was suddenly drowning in the sweet , almost cloying scent of roses .
` ` i can taste the perfume on the air . ''
the scent of flowers had faded , like the dream of roses in a long - closed room .
you open the door and get the hint of perfume , then it fades , and you wonder if you imagined it .
i caught the faint scent of roses , and a voice like a warm wind .
i smelled roses then , a soft , gentle perfume .
it is the scent of the meadow rose , the bramble rose , and it needs no walls to protect it , nor gardener to tend it .
bernard smelled of pine needles , leather and woodsmoke , and she loved the scent of him .
bernard was an earthcrafter of formidable power , and such people always carried a certain sense of purely instinctive , mindless physical desire around them like a tactile perfume .
the scent of fresh bread and roasting meat filled the air .
the delicious odor of baking pastries and roasting meat filled the air , as did the fresh scents of flowers and new - cut grass , and isana 's nose touched upon half a dozen exotic perfumes as the attendees passed back and forth before them .
the delicious odor of baking pastries and roasting meat filled the air , as did the fresh scents of flowers and new - cut grass , and isana 's nose touched upon half a dozen exotic perfumes as the attendees passed back and forth before them .
the aroma of food , wine , and perfume drifted through tavi 's breath .
chapter 27 fidelias opened the door of the room and stepped aside , letting in a haze of smoke and incense , the sound of reed pipes , and the low murmur of human sound that drifted through the halls of the brothel like cheap perfume .
at the same time , the overwhelming scent of baking sweetbread flooded his senses and made his mouth water .
kitai smelled of many scents , faint perfumes likely stolen from expensive boutiques , the fresh warmth of still - warm sweetbread and , beneath that , of heather and clean winter wind .
kitai smelled of many scents , faint perfumes likely stolen from expensive boutiques , the fresh warmth of still - warm sweetbread and , beneath that , of heather and clean winter wind .
she was warm , and soft , and the scent of her hair and skin was dizzying .
she recognized the scent without needing to open her eyes , and she lay there for a moment , breathing slowly in and out .
she stood there in the circle of his arms for a moment , her eyes closed , breathing in his scent .
the windows were open , a pleasant wind stirring them gently , and the scent of recent rain and flowering plants , the scent of spring filled the room .
the windows were open , a pleasant wind stirring them gently , and the scent of recent rain and flowering plants , the scent of spring filled the room .
you can fill it with hot water or cold , aleran , and there are scents and soaps and oils of every kind .
then she lifted her arms and twined them around his neck , drawing him closer , and everything in the world but her mouth and her arms and the scent and fever - hot warmth of her vanished .
amy 's nose wrinkled at the appalling stench of tobacco , liquor , and the residue of perfume .
the scent of vanilla and spice washed across him - shalimar .
the scent of sweat and sex hung heavy in the room .
his breath seeped into his nostrils slowly , carrying with it a new scent that overwhelmed the stench of decay .
her hair drifted in the breeze and carried the scent of her sweat into his nostrils as she walked away .
' instances of ` ` nothing '' rarely beget so strong a scent of anger in the air . '
it was impossible to remain tense in his presence , impossible to feel ill at ease when the lingering scent of incense that perpetually cloaked him filled her nostrils .
it clotted his nostrils , travelled down his throat and lingered in his chest like perfume .
privately , lenk yearned to see them crack a joke , curse at each other , even brush up against him with a hearty greeting and a full blast of their armpits ' perfume in his face .
her perfume was thick and hard , an ever - present scent of wood , mud and leather under an ingrained layer of sweat and dried blood .
her perfume was thick and hard , an ever - present scent of wood , mud and leather under an ingrained layer of sweat and dried blood .
the scent of sweat , that key ounce of her muscular perfume , became suddenly more pronounced as he spied a bead of the silver liquid forming just beneath the lobe of a long , notched ear .
the scent of sweat , that key ounce of her muscular perfume , became suddenly more pronounced as he spied a bead of the silver liquid forming just beneath the lobe of a long , notched ear .
he cast a dark scowl over the beach : sand still pumping acrid smoke into the air , fighting the stinging salty reek for dominance , as the stinking panoply of electricity , blood and fear congealed into a fine , vile perfume .
even the air hung still , carrying no scent of moisture rising from the earth or breath hissing from the trees .
with the scent of nothing but salt and wind as the world continued around him .
it was only with the night time , the starlight that made her skin glow , the scent of smoke that contrasted with her own delicate aroma , that he noticed her .
it was only when the moon rose that she smelled him and herself , their perfumes mingled as their bodies had been the night before .
this morning , his scent lingered a little longer than usual and she inhaled with breath addicted .
she had shrieked at him , cursed him , begged him to take the coins and try to pretend that they were two lovers who had met under the moonlight and not a client and visitor who knew each other only in the confines of silk and perfume .
she dreamt of a time when she still wore such ugly clothing instead of the silks she wore now , when she covered herself in mud instead of perfume .
it was only when the scent of copper filled her mouth that she realised that this paper was n't meant for ink .
and yet , with each breath that gariath took , the scent of rivers and rocks continued to permeate his senses .
his feet moved beneath him as the sun disappeared behind the sea , and already his nostrils were quivering , drawing in the scent of living things .
his breath , previously stale with disease , drew in her scent on a cool and gentle inhale .
the scent of freshness was nowhere present in the air ; the aroma of growing things fed by the flow was overwhelmed by a reek that lurked just beneath .
the sensation of his finger , the scent of his sweat mingling with hers , still lingered .
he quickly applied them to the waterpipe , the rich scent of flavoured tobacco filling the air almost instantly as the water burbled inside its vase .
she sighed , the heavy breath sending her scent roiling over him , filling his nostrils , one more unbearable sensation heaped upon the other that threatened to send him crashing to the earth .
with each step he took , his nostrils filled with strange scents , not unfamiliar to him .
he reeled back , blinking wildly , before thrusting his face back down below and inhaling deeply , choking back the foul staleness within to filter and find that scent , that odiferous candle that refused to extinguish itself in the dark .
he would have spared himself more thought for self - loathing if not for the pungent scent of smoke drifting up to his nostrils .
lenk , too , felt it ; not the wind , but the leaves it picked up , the scent of smoke on it , the humidity it carried .
he craved to feel hope again , the desperate yearning that had infected him when he had last breathed such a scent .
the scent of the rhega , of their memories , their families , their children , their wounds , their feasts , their births , their elders ... he should have been overwhelmed , brought low to his knees by the sheer weight of the ancestral aroma .
he drew in their scent , though he did so with ever - diminishing breath , his heart conspiring with his lungs , begging him to stop smelling the memories , to stop wrenching them both .
` ` well , my plan was to bob in the water for eternity while contemplating the choices i had made in my life that had led me to agree to the half - cocked plan of a woman whose natural scent is somehow improved by the perfume of rotting , blood - tinged insect guts , '' he snapped back .
` ` well , my plan was to bob in the water for eternity while contemplating the choices i had made in my life that had led me to agree to the half - cocked plan of a woman whose natural scent is somehow improved by the perfume of rotting , blood - tinged insect guts , '' he snapped back .
until a pungent , coppery perfume filled his nostrils and he felt his foot settle in a cloying pool of something sticky and thick .
it cloyed in his nostrils : silk , orchids , perfumes for wealthy women that fought and failed to quell the natural aroma of femininity .
her breath was a heady scent , filling his nostrils even as her voice filled his ears , all of her entering all of him .
like scent .
he wondered if he should lay there , with her body pressed against him , with her scent still cloying his nostrils , and cling to it as though it were a dream .
it was a scent he wanted to cling to .
the scent of life was growing stronger as it painted his face and stained his hands .
he could smell the candle wax , the silks , the orchids , the night sky , the perfumes that real women did n't wear .
` ` i only smell silk and perfume .
he could feel the breath in her stomach , the scent on her hair , the fear in her eyes .
she was wearing a leopard - print skirt , which flapped and tossed in the wind , and the flesh between the top of her stockings and her skirt was creamy and soft and in his dream , on the bridge , before god and the world , shadow went down to his knees in front of her , burying his head in her crotch , drinking in the intoxicating jungle female scent of her .
he could smell her perfume from where he was standing , an intoxicating mixture of jasmine and honeysuckle , of sweet milk and female skin .
he thought for a moment it was the cat , but then he smelled perfume , and under the perfume , the scent of something rotten .
he thought for a moment it was the cat , but then he smelled perfume , and under the perfume , the scent of something rotten .
after she had gone her perfume lingered .
it was heady and heavy , a cloying scent , like magnolias or lilacs , but he did not mind .
there was a faintly unpleasant scent beneath the smell of the perfume .
shadow could smell a scent on the air in the car ; it was faint , like the perfume of someone who left a room years before , but shadow would have known it anywhere .
shadow could smell a scent on the air in the car ; it was faint , like the perfume of someone who left a room years before , but shadow would have known it anywhere .
i sat beside her and got a big whiff of stale perfume .
the scent of birds and salt .
acres of wildflowers swayed gently in a soft breeze that swirled with the fresh scent of outdoors .
climbing out of the car , she stretched her legs and sniffed a toasty scent in the air .
she walked over and put a foot up on the running board , picking up the seductive scent of cologne .
she stood there like that for several moments while he held her and she breathed in his freshly showered scent .
temeraire held it for him , and laurence cut away one of the pouches with his knife : a sachet of dried flowers and herbs , and though it was soaked through now with blood and the horse 's damp sweating breath , laurence could still smell the strong perfume beneath .
a bitter scent hit me and made me wrinkle my nose .
the decorating scheme was new as well , and the scent of fresh paint hung heavy in the air .
the room is breathlessly warm , and the heavy air holds that sick / sweet scent of fatal illness .
double helix better to dwell in the wilderness than with a contentious woman melinda m. snodgrass the concrete walls of the locker room at invesco field at mile high seem to exhale the scent of old sweat , gym socks , and cheap aftershave .
i ' m still wreathed with the warm scent of gunpowder .
but a new scent is in the room - lilies and jasmine .
the clashing perfumes are almost overwhelming .
scents had grown steadily more available , familiar , and recognizable , until they distinguished places and objects in his memory almost as readily as familiar faces distinguished different people .
every detail came into crystal clarity - the scent of greasy woodsmoke from ehren 's torch , the clank of a legionare 's armor against the stone battlements , the dim gleam of torchlight on battered armor .
there was a faintly corrupt odor from the wound in the front of the domestic 's body , underlying a sharper , almost lemony scent .
the air smelled hot and moist , earthy , heady with the perfumes of a hundred flowers .
it tasted sweet , full of subtle dry perfume .
the thick sweet scent of incense spilled from the half - open door into the foyer .
isabelle 's hair tickled her face , smelling of some kind of vanilla perfume .
it was a child 's first memory of light falling through crib bars , the recollected scent of rain and city streets , the pain of unforgotten loss , the sting of remembered humiliation , and the cruel forgetfulness of old age , when the most ancient of memories stand out with agonizingly clear precision and the nearest of incidents are lost beyond recall .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
isabelle wrinkled her nose and alec turned greenish , but jace looked as if he were inhaling rare perfume .
though i felt gauche and out of place , he wanted something to commemorate the occasion and bought me a ridiculously expensive scent that made him close his eyes in bliss .
it was just oatmeal soap and my natural scent .
it looked like a woman would sleep here , and as i stepped inside , i smelled min 's perfume , white linen .
the rich , slightly bitter scent of coffee wafted from his styrofoam cup as he rounded his desk .
she huddled on the other side of chance while jesse sat beside dale graham , who carried the scents of patchouli and hemp .
he smelled of plain ivory soap and a tangy citrus scent .
i never knew regret could have a scent until that moment , but it spilled from the ghost like burnt almonds .
yep , there 's a deeper citrus scent circulating .
i just want to learn the taste and scent of his skin .
she smelled luscious , cinnamon and candied apples with the richness of a caramel slightly burned , a sugar - sweet scent that made me step toward her , before chance grabbed my arm .
but it was more than just the scent of the place - it was like moments had burned themselves into the walls , flashes immortalized in the chipped and peeling paint .
distant noises hinted at marvelous destruction - booms and thumps and shudders and the faint , delicate scent of smoke .
i could feel him moving behind me , his arms around me , his scent wrapping me up .
and when she came up to the plexiglas partition in front of him , he was glad he 'd already slid the thing back , because he got to smell her perfume .
god , he could still smell her perfume .
she planted her hands on her hips and leaned forward , that perfume of hers getting into his nose ... and his blood .
isaac went over and leaned in -- and the whiff of her perfume was precisely the kind of thing he did n't need right now .
the air smelled like her perfume .
running his hands down her hips to her ass , he pulled her in tight to his body and tried to break through his arctic circle with her curves and the way she moved against him and the smell of her perfume and the taste of the cranberry and vodkas she 'd been drinking .
` ` this smells like your perfume , '' he murmured before placing it on the brass rod .
she twined her arms around his neck and buried her face into the space between his throat and his shoulder , holding tight and breathing in the scent of him - leather and fresh - cut hay and woodsmoke .
she closed her eyes for a moment and breathed in the lingering scent of her husband on the fabric , then opened the door to follow him .
there was an overwhelming scent of ozone , clean and sharp .
it was so warm that he could feel it through his gloves , but as the scent of the thick stew reached his nose , a sudden demand from his belly overruled his caution , and he gulped down the stew , barely pausing to chew the meat .
the familiar miasma was there , waiting for him , and under it all was her perfume .
the room had even smelled of chrysalis , of the exotic frangipani perfume she wore and the amaretto she drank .
waldo dressed impeccably enough to please even hiram , smelled like he 'd bathed in perfume , looked like he 'd been rolled in talcum powder .
her palms were sweaty , her body had a vaguely sour odor about it , an odor of perspiration drowned in cheap body scent .
i can feel the warmth radiating off him , like flames , and i can smell the scent of his alluring cologne .
i start to stand again , but he shoves me down by the chest and my elbow cracks against the table as the faint scent of his death pollutes my lungs : electricity , chair , people watch , grateful he 's dying .
the scent of freshly fallen rain and a bird 's melody flows through my open bedroom window as i sit up .
i hook my arms around his neck and breathe in his comforting scent .
he breathes my scent .
i find myself leaning into alton , and his grip tightens on me as he draws me closer and breathes in my scent .
he whispers in my hair , breathing in my scent .
the urge to move into that warm , inviting scent was almost irresistible .
people were always giving her perfume , most of it sickly sweet and horrible , and she 'd always made a point of keeping herself fragrance - free on assignments .
one of them required travel , which jazz was n't up for , given her physical limitations , and she found she missed lucia 's light conversation while she was gone , the quiet competence she brought into the office , like the scent of her perfume .
one of them required travel , which jazz was n't up for , given her physical limitations , and she found she missed lucia 's light conversation while she was gone , the quiet competence she brought into the office , like the scent of her perfume .
he smelled of a particularly cheap aftershave and an underlying astringent scent that was probably prison - issue , as well .
lucia took in a deep breath to catch the scent of damp earth and green growing things .
the deep breath she took in smelled faintly of him - the hair products they 'd used on him at lenora ellen 's , an elegant cologne , an underlying crisp male scent that she was starting to understand was uniquely his own .
she stepped into the shower and let herself fall into a kind of trance , lulled by the warm water , the floral scents of the shampoo and soaps .
he still smelled like that sweet pipe tobacco , a scent i would forever associate with weakening knees .
my breath was squeezed out of me as his strong muscles held me firmly , and i breathed in his scent of whiskey and seaspray and spice .
i closed my eyes , relishing the sparks he created , breathing in his intoxicating scent .
she leaned in and i caught her smell - heavy perfume , like cheap vanilla pudding i ate too much of as a kid .
pigeons everywhere and the scent of coffee beans in the air .
the piquant scent of fried onions did its wicked work .
the scent of hibiscus wafted across the water , almost but unfortunately not quite overpowering the scent of the river itself .
the scent of hibiscus wafted across the water , almost but unfortunately not quite overpowering the scent of the river itself .
it was fragrant with the scent of flowers .
the scent of evening - opening flowers hung thickly in the air .
its scent carried on the dawn breeze .
they wore scent or aftershave a lot and tended to be very fastidious about their food .
angua 's scent hung in the air like a rainbow .
their scent hung on the evening air like an encouraging word .
' he said , ` ` you go and find rincewind and say he might be a bit of a pillock but at least he 's straight so he can be chief wizard of the empire or whatever he wants to call it , 'cos i do n't trust you foreign ... '' ' twoflower squinted upwards as he tried to remember cohen 's precise words ' ` ` ... house of auspicious aspect ... scent of pine trees ...
someone had merely wrapped up half a dozen blackened and spindly rose- stems and then , for some reason , sprayed them with scent .
' we ' ve got to get this sorted out , ' he said , as the first few puffs filled the washing hall with the scent of autumn bonfires .
the senior wrangler hummed cheerfully to himself as he ran a comb through his beard for the second time and liberally sprinkled it with what would turn out to be a preparation of weasel extract for demon removal rather than , as he had assumed , a pleasant masculine scent .
23 it was , in fact , a pleasant masculine scent .
there was a lingering , spicy scent in the air .
vision was a mere shadowy presence , providing a charcoal sketch of a room over which the scents painted their glorious colours .
the sickly scent of marinated herbs assailed her sinuses , but anything was better than the sharp , beguiling smell of blood .
' it 's all flat and got no proper crust- ' a breeze blew the scent of baking over the water .
' er , no , do n't go ... ' a faint suggestion of perfume hung in the air .
' i bought a bottle of scent , sir .
' i met verity pushpram this afternoon , ' nobby went on , ' and i said how about coming out with me tonight and i do n't mind about the squint at all and i ' ve got this expensive exotic perfume which 'll totally disguise your smell , and she said bugger off and threw an eel at me . '
the breeze blew the scent of cherry blossom across the terrace .
a breeze blew the scent of cherry blossom .
it went with the lilac , scent and song together .
vimes saw that he was dragging himself upright by one of the lilac trees ; blossoms and scent floated down in the darkness .
they walked slowly down the gravel path , leaving the scent of lilac behind .
on one side of it were the temples of the disc 's more demanding deities , and weird perfumes drifted out to join with the reeks of commerce in a complex ragrug of fragrances .
inside , the stall was a mass of velvet shadows and the herbal scent was thick enough to bottle .
she could feel the thousands of little lives around her , smell all the scents on the breeze , and see all the shades of the night .
things rustled in the bushes , and a breeze wafted the scent of cabbages over the endless fields .
it grew fine , old roses , full of scent and so red they were nearly , yes , black .
there was a rustle and another gust of perfume .
they found the delta with suspicious ease - how many times had this whispering shadow slipped up the river , he wondered - and above the exotic smells from the mysterious former cargo he could detect the scents of home .
the breeze of the night was blowing her perfume towards him .
her long hair whipped his face and smelled beguilingly of rare perfume .
a terrible premonition took hold of vimes at the same moment as a gust of captivation , the most expensive perfume available anywhere in ankh - morpork , blew past him .
chapter one the smell of eucalyptus always made me think of southern california , my home away from home ; now it might forever be entwined with the scent of blood .
the scent of some herbal and sweet musk polish blended with the rich aroma of tea , and overall was the scent of coffee , so rich you could taste it on your tongue .
the scent of some herbal and sweet musk polish blended with the rich aroma of tea , and overall was the scent of coffee , so rich you could taste it on your tongue .
he wanted to keep the freshness in , but it was more so that the coffee did n't overwhelm the gentler scent of his teas .
the bee sounds were fading along with the scent of summer - browned grass .
his kiss filled my mind with the perfume of flowers , and that first warmth that comes when the snow has finally left and the earth wakes once more .
i smelled roses , which was the scent that i smelled when the goddess was answering prayers , or trying to get my attention .
the scent of roses was stronger as i moved toward them .
the moment his hand wrapped around mine the scent of roses was even stronger , as if i stood beside a bank of wild roses thick with summer 's heat .
how did we help him even with the scent of flowers around us , and the presence of the goddess on the very air ?
the scent of roses was so thick it was as if i 'd drunken rose water , so that it sat sweet and clean on my tongue .
we held him and the scent of flowers was everywhere .
with some of the gentler teas , scent was as important as taste .
i sipped my tea , enjoying the jasmine flavor , but honestly , the scent of rhys 's coffee overpowered the delicate perfume of flowers .
i sipped my tea , enjoying the jasmine flavor , but honestly , the scent of rhys 's coffee overpowered the delicate perfume of flowers .
i almost asked , but the scent of roses came mingled with the salt of the next wave .
that last deep thrust brought me one final time , and it was then that the scent of roses fell around us in a shower of pink petals that glided out to sea with the waves .
something else smelled like chocolate , no , hard cherry candy , no , it was like the scent of everything sweet and good , and with the scent there was a desire to find it and pick it up so i could have all that goodness .
i leaned my head into the bend of galen 's neck , letting the warmth and scent of his skin soothe me .
i would have been happy to sit on the bench and listen to the water 's song , letting the scent of roses wash over me , except that under the perfume of roses were other smells , ones that i had n't wanted to smell again .
i would have been happy to sit on the bench and listen to the water 's song , letting the scent of roses wash over me , except that under the perfume of roses were other smells , ones that i had n't wanted to smell again .
i breathed in his scent as if i would memorize it .
she loved her mother 's scent .
but this time he leaned in and enjoyed her scent .
he could smell the lingering scent of his brother surrounding her and he wanted that smell gone .
then a familiar scent hit her nostrils .
he brushed his head against her cheek and breathed in her scent .
no perfume like some of the royals .
add in that heady scent of lust , and briec knew he 'd made the right decision .
he took a deep breath , letting the lust - filled scent of her move through him .
unwilling to miss this opportunity of getting out of the cave for even a few minutes , she stepped away from the entrance , breathing in the fresh scent of a rain - doused forest .
she caught his scent and closed her eyes to enjoy it fully .
he walked to the mouth of the cave and stood there a moment , staring down at the countryside below , until that scent he knew so well tore into his nostrils .
yet kikka 's generously exposed bosom , her perfectly coiffed hair , and the scent she simply drowned herself in did n't seem to hold the dragon 's attention as well as eymund 's habit of eating with his fingers .
the one who must have bathed in whatever sickening scent she used - kikka , was it ? -cut in .
he closed his eyes , but he caught those scents again .
he stopped walking , his nostrils flaring , instantly recognizing all the scents coming from one room .
her scent teased his senses , making it hard for him not to throw her to the ground and take what he wanted .
she adjusted it so it rested high on his shoulders and he could catch her scent .
he knew when he neared keita , her wonderful scent growing strong .
rhona raced through caverns and passageways , the only thing leading them both the scent of fresh air .
his clean , spicy scent invaded her head and weakened her knees .
he longed to sample her full , moist lips , to bury his face in the hollow of her throat where he could drink in her scent .
her feminine scent permeated his head .
his warm , masculine scent filled her senses , overwhelming her .
and still it felt as if a thousand hands caressed her , as if she were being bathed all over by his touch , his scent .
the manly scent of him filled her head and her heart , making her want to stay cocooned by his body forever .
her floral scent reminded him of warm summer days of shared laughter and friendship .
her scent spun around his head , making him even dizzier .
despite william 's back to her , she tossed her hair , releasing the scent of perfume that was sweet - too sweet .
winter clung to the air , that sterile , suffocating smell that blanketed any scent of spring in the breeze .
i was caught off - guard , too overwhelmed with being wrapped in his arms and the scent of him that was a dizzying concoction of cedar laced with cinnamon .
summers on the oregon coast , strawberry crepes saturday mornings , my mother 's perfume that was like walking through a lavender field , the way dad 's favorite polo shirt would smell after mowing the lawn .
the scents of honeysuckle and rain enter my senses .
after he 'd left the room - although the intoxicating scent he left behind led me to believe otherwise - i let my eyes search around the bedroom that was as elaborate and vast as the presidential suite at some hotel in downtown new york .
the typical smell of aged pages resting between weathered bindings was absent , and a welcoming scent of cigar - the sweet smelling , expensive ones my dad would celebrate with after winning a big case - mixed with pine , drifted through the entirety of this room .
i interrupted the godlike professor , whose signature scent was wafting into my senses and creating a state of hypnosis .
the air was saturated with the scent of lilac , and had the heaviness of a rain - filled spring night .
the voices sounded cheerful and comfortable , and then the scent of baking bread - banana - nut if my carb loving nose was correct - permeated the house , and my fear and hesitation over meeting the hayward family , diminished some .
i nodded my head fervently , ruffling the pillow and causing it to swirl his scent into my nose .
chapter seventeen mortal stories i awoke the next morning to the sound of a percolating coffee maker and the scent of the smoky - sweet liquid brewing in it .
i was right - his scent wafted over me like a dreamy cloud .
two things had made me anxious in less than one minute - the new glimmer in john 's eyes , and the excessive roses poisoning my room with a scent that should have been pleasant , but instead entered my nose smelling as repulsive as burning flesh .
i heard humming next as a woodsy , cinnamon - laced scent filled my awakened senses , and the electricity that sparked between our united bodies confirmed - without the need to open my eyes - who was the bearer of all these pleasant gifts .
i curved my head into the bend of his neck , breathing in the scent of him that was aromatic in a spicy / woodsy kind of way ... in a delicious kind of way .
i also found myself lying in the center of a forest after a rain storm , when the scents of the musky woods would be at their strongest .
it also smelt like what a bathroom should if it did n't having working toilets , mixed with the heady scent of sex , accompanied by an undertone of cheap perfume .
it also smelt like what a bathroom should if it did n't having working toilets , mixed with the heady scent of sex , accompanied by an undertone of cheap perfume .
i wrapped one arm around him , trying to mimic the way i used to with william , breathing in the scent of him in william 's clothes .
a scent entered my senses that was as inescapable as it was familiar .
and he was gone , evaporating into the depths of the forest , taking the coveted jacket and scent with him .
i did n't understand how he could n't find the cornucopia of noises , scents , and wares of munich 's oldest open - air farmer 's market , the viktualienmarkt , enthralling .
orchids that were sweet in an overwhelming , luscious kind of way fragranced the air , mixed with the musty scent of damp earth .
his chin pul ed my head against his neck and the concentrated sensations of having him this close '' the beat of his heart against mine , the warmth pulsing from his body , the scent rol ing from his neck '' calmed me into a state of near hypnosis .
knowing she intended to train today , he 'd covered her in his scent , blanketing her body , rubbing all over her .
he 'd missed that scent , spent entire nights in their closet breathing in her clothes , trying to catch even the faintest whiff of her flowers and musk .
her breathing accelerated , and she inhaled his musky , familiar scent , now edged with something different , something more potent .
she swelled instantly as she dragged that musky male scent into her nose again .
that delicious scent wafted into her nose again , and she leaned closer to lucan .
and of that musky , male scent teasing her nose and slowly driving her mad .
under him , all her soft , exposed skin beckoned , silk and perfume intoxicating him .
finally , the lure of her scent became too strong , and he worked his way down her body .
the tangy scent of her sweet spice made his entire body seize up .
anka 's sweet female scent filled his nose .
he savored her - her little exhalations against his skin , her scent wrapping around him , her sweet flavor , the goodness he could taste on her .
again , she complied quickly , and a fresh , pungent wave of her tangy scent hit his nostrils , making his mouth water and his c*ck weep .
a familiar scent .
` ` i will be glad when we are back in dover ; what a miserable swamp , '' jane said , already blotting her forehead on her sleeve as she left the small barracks - house : the london setting added , to the attractions of stifling heat and the heavy moisture - laden air , all the city 's unrivaled stench , and the mingling of barnyard scents with the acrid stink of the small covert 's presently overburdened dragon - middens .
he leaned even closer , so close the scent of his aftershave bombarded her .
somehow , he had to keep his hands to himself because her light floral - musky scent was driving him mad .
the scent of hurstgrove 's lie smacked felicia in the face .
horror gripped her as she buried her face in hurstgrove 's shoulder -- and inhaled a complex scent of sandalwood , citrus , and man that went straight to her head .
a slightly musty scent drifted out , as if no one had slept here in a few days or weeks .
he inhaled , her sweet gardenia scent filling his senses like a drug .
still , his tangy midnight scent filled the little car .
the brisk scent of salt and the winter chill stung felicia 's nose .
god , her scent , wholesome yet so f**king arousing , nearly brought him to his knees .
with a snap , the interior went dim , and duke felt the bed dip as she lowered herself beside him , so close he sensed her body heat and smelled the scent of her skin , something like crisp cotton , summertime , and grass .
just not the scent he longed for .
within seconds , felicia 's scent filled the air and he inhaled deeply , relaxing for the first time since walking through the door .
with the scent of felicia around him , duke sank into a vision where she dropped every stitch and welcomed him with open arms , her blue eyes fastened on him as she whispered how much she wanted him and surrendered herself to him utterly .
his male , musky scent shot a million tingles through her .
the sugary - gardenia scent of her lured him .
after a steady rhythm of grunts and boulder tosses , as the scent of male sweat filled the air , a small shaft of light from the other side beamed into their dark cavern .
she edged closer , following the delicious scents of midnight and citrus and man until she placed her lips on his stubbled cheek .
the scent of him filled her , mixing with the heady sound of his heavy breaths and moans .
the sounds of water and the scent of mold hung heavy in the suddenly humid air .
as she stepped in close , he smelled her perfume .
as her perfume drifted over , and she swizzled out of her fur jacket , there was an audible pause in the diner 's fifty or so conversations .
man , too loud , too cheerful , too much flowery perfume .
as she passed by and he smelled her perfume , he felt taller than he had been when he 'd come into work , and it was great .
but in the end , he just threw on a pair of sweats and went down to uch below , her delicate perfume still on him .
it was the scent of spring blooms that wafted up into the still air of the bank .
as the gray light of day was cut off , jim killed the motor , sprung his door - the clean , fresh scent of flowers invaded the air .
wisps pulling free of her ponytail gave her a red - tinted halo , and her perfume or shampoo or whatever it was reminded him of summer - the normal kind , not the last one he 'd had as a ` ` kid . ''
the steam rising up between their bodies smelled like that scent he associated with her , suggesting she did this frequently , maybe with some kind of bath mix thing .
behind the flimsy barrier , edward lay in state , neither breathing nor in decay , the angel 's body a vase sporting the scent of flowers that were not there .
adjusting her sunglasses , eve relished the kiss of the sun on her skin and breathed in the scents of her favorite foods .
in the enclosed confines of her car , the scent that was distinctly reed 's filled her nostrils - leather and starch , a hint of spice and heated male skin .
he felt her breast in his hand , tasted her flavor on his tongue , smelled the scent of her heated skin .
his nostrils filled with her unique scent and some of the vibrating anxiety inside him calmed .
the scent of a cooking meal soothed something inside him .
the number of marks in the tower was declining steadily as the workday winded down , allowing the sickly sweet scent of their souls to settle down to a manageable level .
the scent of his skin and the feel of him beside her was familiar and beloved .
expensive perfume saturated the air around them , which created a welcome relief from the odor of decay .
the scent of his skin lingered in her nostrils for a delicious moment and she shivered , her blood thrumming with anticipation .
the rich , spicy scent of his skin inundated her senses , rushing through her blood like a potent aphrodisiac .
he pulled her into his lap and tucked her flushed face into the crook of his neck , where the scent of his skin was so strong .
inhaling a spicy exotic scent that was unmistakable , she croaked , ` ` alec ? ''
she pulled it on quickly , her body instantly reacting to the exotic male scent that permeated the inside of the protective gear .
the scent of lavender and vanilla filled her nostrils .
the scent of blood in the air caused a physical reaction that she likened to blood lust .
masculine arms wrapped around her and eve struggled briefly before absorbing the familiar scent of his skin into her lungs .
festive music blared from hidden speakers and the spice - laden scent of food teased his nostrils .
she did n't need an enhanced sense of smell to recognize the scents of curry and freshly steamed rice .
the scent of his skin intoxicated her .
she sniffed , sifting through perfumes and fabric softeners .
she could smell reed 's scent in her nostrils and feel his rough touch on her skin .
` ` that 's why it reeks like the floor was washed in perfume ? ''
the scent of her lust was heady , sweeping through his senses and across his skin .
eve 's nostrils flared , scents intensifying with startling immediacy .
she inhaled and smelled the familiar scent of alec the instant before he climbed over her and caged her to the bed .
the recollections were so vivid , he could feel her lush curves beneath his hands and smell her perfume .
there were infernals all around him , the scent of their rotting souls competing with the smells of food , hot beverages , and human perfumes .
the rumble of reed 's voice hit her as the sensation of a hot summer breeze - a warmth drenched in the darkly erotic scent of his skin - engulfed her .
there was no way to avoid inhaling the unique scent of his skin .
the air around him stirred , causing his scent to waft to her .
the scent of his skin filled her nostrils , altering the tension that gripped her from anger to something far more dangerous .
she could feel their physical connection through his senses - the feel of her flesh in his hand , the scent of her perfume , the growing irritation for the yawning emotional chasm between them .
she could feel their physical connection through his senses - the feel of her flesh in his hand , the scent of her perfume , the growing irritation for the yawning emotional chasm between them .
the wind blew gently , bringing the scent of sweet mark blood with it .
the scent of reed 's skin drifted across her nostrils and brought her back to herself .
his scent was subtle but addictive , luring a woman to lean closer to get a deeper whiff of it .
i caught the scent of freshly applied aftershave in the air .
the scent of coffee and sugar assaulted my nose .
she absolutely reeked of gin , the tangy scent of juniper flooding the bathroom .
she leaned in close and i caught a whiff of the perfume she only wore on sundays .
sometimes i would catch perfume on him and i could tell it was n't from regine .
she tasted perfect , her own type of musky perfume that made my c*ck even harder until it was flat up against my stomach .
i sat on the single bed , breathing in air that no longer carried her scent , picturing perry in there .
she did n't quite smell the same - it was a far cry from the shampoo scent i used to smell on the sheets .
i caught a whiff of the expensive perfume she always doused herself in and fought the urge to sneeze .
we climbed out of the car , the scent of the dunes and meats grilling on the bbq bringing me back again .
he smelled like this strong cologne he always wore but i inhaled the scent anyway .
` ` sorry , i ' m a hugger , '' she said to my back while i was brought forward into a cloud of strawberry perfume .
as she inhaled a clean pine scent , she knew the man - the wizard - was ronan .
every time my back was turned , he went missing or i caught him in a lie or smelled perfume on him .
sharp , loud , fresh scents .
yet somehow he was resisting , fighting it , though valerie 's eyes were drawing him closer , and the world was full of the scent of her .
day and night , fumes rose up stinking from the open sewers , rich rotten odors that wafted off the standing water like some vile perfume .
above was a clear blue sky , and below was the river bright and clean in the sunlight , and the air had a tang to it , a scent of smoke and steam , and he heard the whistles of the boats passing each other on the river , and the big brass bell of a side - wheeler pulling in .
the second firecrafting that went with them , an aura of excitement and happiness , hung around her like a fine and subtle perfume .
she could not see through the hood , nor hear over the roar of the wind , or feel with her cold - numbed , bound hands , nor smell nor taste anything but the slightly mildewed scent of the hood over her head .
his woodsy scent was intoxicating , and his wild , dark hair seduced me like a rock star 's .
beritte often enjoyed seeing young men compete with one another for her attention , and between her bodice and the sweet scent of the hollybells in her hair , she 'd have them killing one another - and isana had far too much on her mind to be bothered with any more mischief .
the smell of wood smoke and spices still drifted on the evening breezes , along with the scent of late - blooming flowers and of rain on the wind .
she could smell him , his scent like leather and fresh wind , and she felt herself arch into the kiss , slow and sweet .
and granted that the scent of him , leather and the wind outdoors and something indescribably , utterly masculine , was something she felt she could take off her clothes and roll about naked in .
night - blooming flowers poured perfume out into the air , and i stopped to drink it all in .
i stared down at the coffee cup , dived down into the structure and felt it from the inside out , the cool heavy reality of the ceramic , the earth - rich scent of ground beans and water .
i stood mesmerized by the heat and the luscious scent until the rain interfered , running its icy fingers down my back , forcing me back to life .
the shower alone has a panel with more than a hundred options you can choose regulating water temperature , pressure , soaps , shampoos , scents , oils , and massaging sponges .
i take a shower and scrub the gold paint , the makeup , the scent of beauty from my body .
there 's a slight , sweet scent that reminds me of lilies .
i unscrew the lid and i know by the scent that it 's medicine .
my spirits fall at the sickly sweet scent .
my nose registers the conflicting scents of roses and blood .
there 's a rose in president snow 's lapel , which at least suggests a source of the flower perfume , but it must be genetically enhanced , because no real rose reeks like that .
i tried to decide how i felt about the kiss , if i had liked it or resented it , but all i really remembered was the pressure of gale 's lips and the scent of the oranges that still lingered on his skin .
vases of blossoms give off a cloying scent that makes my eyes itch .
but it 's tinted a light green and gives off a sweet , clean scent .
i pull his hand up and lean my cheek against the back of it , taking in the faint scent of cinnamon and dill from the breads he must have baked today .
others begin to die off and it becomes clear that almost everything in this pretty place - the luscious fruit dangling from the bushes , the water in the crystalline streams , even the scent of the flowers when inhaled too directly - is deadly poisonous .
the scent of blood and roses stings my nose .
they say that 's why he wears the roses that reek of perfume .
i push through cloud banks , follow faint tracks , catch the scent of cinnamon , of dill .
my eyes focus on the rose that has spread its petals overnight , filling the steamy air with its strong perfume .
the scent of snow 's rose curls up into my nose , down into my throat , squeezing it tight with despair .
the scent of old blood rose from the butcher 's shop below like an ugly perfume of earth and humanity that had followed them across the void .
then the humming was drowned by an angry sizzling sound , and , a moment later , the scent of garlic and chili sausage and frying onions wafted into the room .
a scent like cardamom and fried onions and rubbing alcohol filled the air and vanished .
maneck ate some of his oekh , which turned out to be a brown paste the consistency of molasses with a thick , vinegary scent .
in the beginning , he kept the gordita and the grasshoppers far enough back that the cooking went slowly , but as the scent of grease and cooked meat woke his own belly , he let the branch dip .
it was snug and warm within the folds of his alien garment , but the outside air was crisp and chilly on his face , and fragrant with the distinctive cinnamon - tang scent of the iceroot forest .
wide - branched perdida willows with black trunks shaped like half - melted women ; towering pescados blancos , named for the paleness of their leaves and the oceanic scent of their sap ; halfmobile colonies of coral moss with bright pink skeletons peeking out from beneath the rich green flesh .
something to do with oxygenation levels , but what it meant to him was an endless plain of tiny green waves , the bite of winter air , and the scent of salt and turning tides .
i smelled it only after a few hours on the road , and maybe it was all in my head , but just now i 'd give anything for a clean , fresh scent like they claimed in the commercials .
the breeze picked up and it carried the sharp scent of rain .
subtle scents , not as well aged as delilah 's odors ... herbs , mostly , and fresh grass , dirt .
her scent lingered close to him .
there was a pungent scent to the air and , siris realized with surprise , heat was rising from the cracks .
still , the cracks seemed deep , and the scent of sulfur was strong .
he hesitantly put his arm around her , then closed his eyes , breathing in her scent .
for a moment he was dizzy with the smell of her perfume , mingled with the milky smell of healthy baby , and then she gave his ear a dazzling smack and let him go .
he felt a stirring in his groin , apparently brought on by the combination of her light perfume and the gentle puffs her words made against the cup of his ear ... and then he remembered another voice in his ear .
scent of apples , taste of honey , texture of wool ... but this time ralph 's delight in that mingled sensory input could not mask the deep disquiet he felt as lachesis turned him to the left and then walked with him toward the edge of the flat hospital roof .
although the separate auras of the objects which filled the storage vault had faded like the scent of flower - petals pressed between the pages of a book , they were still there beneath atropos 's stenchand at this level of perception , with all their senses exquisitely awake and attuned , it was impossible not to sense those auras and be affected by them .
he could smell some perfume still lingering about her - coming perhaps from the dark , sweet hollows behind her ears .
ralph could smell his mother 's perfume , saint elena , mixing obscenely with the fishy , garbagey aroma of bottom - feeder .
that sweet smell was stronger , and as hands suddenly seized his shoulders , ralph realized it was lois chasse 's perfume .
ralph stayed awake for perhaps five minutes longer , holding her in his arms , smelling the wonderful interwoven scents rising from her warm skin , luxuriating in the smooth , sensuous glide of the silk under his hands , marvelling at where he was even more than the events which had brought him here .
my sweat and skin alone would have given me away , let alone the vanilla sunscreen and violet perfume i also wore .
the scents , the colors ... they were all sharper and more intense .
i knelt down , inhaling their heady scent .
its perfume rivaled that of the rowan flowers , and around it stood cacti in all shapes and sizes , some of them small and squat and some tall and foreboding like sentries .
the smell of fish hung in the air like a perfume .
the gardenias breathed their fragrance into the room mingling with the smell of coffee , which still lingered from the morning , and the pungent scent of incense .
she was very aware when tachyon came up behind her , for the sense of tingling magnetism increased , and the delicate scent he favored washed over her .
she flung herself down next to him , burying her face against his side , tasting the salt sweat , inhaling the scent of man , and sex and aftershave .
he was manifestly a dangerous man , but the dangerous aura that hung about him was like a spice , an alluring scent .
he could smell her perfume and the sweetness of her skin .
the smell of their sexual juices hung around them like perfume and it was hard for fortunato to stop .
the fresh and now familiar scent that was tachyon washed across her .
closing her eyes , she let herself absorb the sound of the ocean and the scent of the roses and sea salt that hung in the air .
there were green trees with trunks of dark smoke : their leaves opened like a whole spring unfolding in a moment , and their shining branches dropped glowing flowers down upon the astonished hobbits , disappearing with a sweet scent just before they touched their upturned faces .
when they came to make their meal , they found that the elves had filled their bottles with a clear drink , pale golden in colour : it had the scent of a honey made of many flowers , and was wonderfully refreshing .
the air grew warmer between the green walls of hillside and hillside , and the scent of turf rose strong and sweet as they breathed .
riding over the hills , and eating their fill , the warm sun and the scent of turf , lying a little too long , stretching out their legs and looking at the sky above their noses : these things are , perhaps , enough to explain what happened .
' these leaves , ' he said , ' i have walked far to find ; for this plant does not grow in the bare hills ; but in the thickets away south of the road i found it in the dark by the scent of its leaves . '
the sound of running and falling water was loud , and the evening was filled with a faint scent of trees and flowers , as if summer still lingered in elrond 's gardens .
the drink was like water , indeed very like the taste of the draughts they had drunk from the entwash near , the borders of the forest , and yet there was some scent or savour in it which they could not describe : it was faint , but it reminded them of the smell of a distant wood borne from afar by a cool breeze at night .
many great trees grew there , planted long ago , falling into untended age amid a riot of careless descendants ; and groves and thickets there were of tamarisk and pungent terebinth , of olive and of bay ; and there were junipers and myrtles ; and thymes that grew in bushes , or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones ; sages of many kinds putting forth blue flowers , or red , or pale green ; and marjorams and new - sprouting parsleys , and many herbs of forms and scents beyond the garden - lore of sam .
it made little or no smoke but gave off an aromatic scent .
the gorse - bushes became more frequent as they got nearer the top ; very old and tall they were , gaunt and leggy below but thick above , and already putting out yellow flowers that glimmered in the gloom and gave a faint sweet scent .
and when the fragrance of athelas stole through the room , like the scent of orchards , and of heather in the sunshine full of bees , suddenly merry awoke , and he said : ' i am hungry .
all the air was full of a sweet mingled scent .
he 'd needed three showers to get the woman 's perfume off him .
even if he discounted the heavenly scent rolling off her skin , a mixture of perfume , gardenias , and her natural female scent , she was a knockout .
even if he discounted the heavenly scent rolling off her skin , a mixture of perfume , gardenias , and her natural female scent , she was a knockout .
even if he discounted the heavenly scent rolling off her skin , a mixture of perfume , gardenias , and her natural female scent , she was a knockout .
silverware sparkled in the soft candlelight and a breeze rustled the white linen tablecloth , carrying the scent of the roses in the centerpiece across the balcony to him .
she sensed movement on the other side of the door , the warm scent of skin and cologne warning her he stood behind it .
her breath caught in her throat and her wolf wallowed in the scents , new and yet so intimately familiar that rolled from his skin , his aftershave , hinting of sandalwood and citrus conjuring up the safety and security she associated with him even in the dream .
the scent of steamed barley enticed her .
her skin felt wetter , and she could smell the crisp air mixed with scents of dirt , soot , and refuse .
a shift in the wind brought scents to her nose .
had she ever really found those scents obnoxious ?
she snorted , but stood up and rounded the desk , leaving behind a faint scent of perfume .
she snorted , but stood up and rounded the desk , leaving behind a faint scent of perfume .
suddenly urgent , sazed pulled out a small ring - a scent tinmind - and slipped it on his thumb .
she was n't the only herbalist straff kept ; he learned scents and tastes from four different people .
everything was powdered with a light perfume .
thing is , she probably has , he thought , inhaling her perfume , imagining vin creeping through the palace hallways in a massive ball gown .
it tasted bland ; he was filling scent as well , and without it , his sense of taste was severely hampered .
the scent of her hair - unperfumed , but clean and crisp - filled his nose , the first thing he 'd smelled in three days .
she trailed a faint perfume as she moved to leave .
she smelt just faintly of perfume .
the rustle of a dress , yet without perfume , let him know exactly who it was .
the scent of smoke was stronger here , and though the light was fading , he made out a firepit beside the earthen wall .
the strong , minty scent seemed to clear his nose and mind .
wayne breathed in , smelling the humidity of the canal , the scents of wheat in the fields and flowers at their feet .
the wonderful sweet scent of wild roses filled the air .
i caught the faintest scent of apple blossoms , a small ... what ?
the goddess 's voice breathed around us with the scent of summer roses : ` ` choose . ''
around me the tiny plants unfurled tiny leaves , and the world suddenly smelled of thyme , that sweet , green herb scent that sholto had said he sensed when i was smelling roses .
there was a scent of faint lemon on the air , as if i had crushed one of the pale yellow leaves between my fingertips .
peppermint , basil - as i recognized them , i smelled their perfumes .
i breathed in the scent of doyle 's neck , his hair , and it helped calm me .
his scent was purely intoxicating .
inhaling his familiar scent , she rested her head against his chest .
she inhaled his musky scent as she took him in her mouth , scraping her teeth all the way to his root .
the scent of masculine spice and soap swamped me .
but the intoxicating scent of spice and soap still lingered with me .
hands and legs trembling , i darted around potted flowers that threw a heavy , sweet scent into the air , and dashed down the steep staircase that led off the deck and onto a gravel driveway .
one belonged to the bottles in the bathroom , but the peachy scent was hers .
the skies were cloudy and overcast , the scent of rain heavy in the air .
when i inhaled , it was serena 's scent that invaded me .
i inhaled his scent , hoping that it would wash away everything else .
the bed linens on the queen - sized bed seemed clean and smelled fresh , not of disinfectant but a nice wildflower scent .
i inhaled and all i got was serena 's scent .
there was a strange clove scent to the air , and with the dizzying lights , loud music , and the low - level fog that seemed to creep along the floor , swirling up our legs , i felt like i was walking in a dream .
the light scent of his cologne invaded my senses , but so did the fresh air rolling in from the crack in the window .
we stared at each other for several moments , neither of us speaking or moving , and then i was in front of her , pulling her to my chest , breathing in her scent as i went down on my knees , bringing her with me .
he led me up the cobblestone sidewalk , around the neatly manicured bushes and creamy flowers that carried a faint sweet scent .
the smell of pasta wafting in from the kitchen was the most pleasant scent i could have imagined .
before i put it in the envelope , i sprayed it with sweet perfume and stuck it into my purse .
it felt warm and cozy , and the scent of vanilla greeted all visitors .
four , his scent still lingered on his shirt that i kept on my nightstand .
his woodsy scent still lingered in the air , and my skin still danced from his touch .
the scent of my hair and body seemed to be intoxicating to brandon .
he touched my hair and breathed it in as if the scent placed him under a spell .
stubble prickled against my cheeks , the scent of his aftershave wrapping around me as he claimed my lips in the kiss i 'd been fantasising about since that encounter in the office hours ago .
immediately his head , face , and shoulders were drenched with what seemed ( in that warm world ) an ice - cold shower bath , and his nostrils filled with a sharp , shrill , exquisite scent that somehow brought to his mind the verse in pope , ' die of a rose in aromatic pain ' .
each bubble , looked at individually , could be seen to emerge from its parent branch as a mere bead . , the size of a pea , and swell and burst ; but looking at the wood as a whole , one was conscious only of a continual faint disturbance of light , an elusive interference with the prevailing perelandrian silence , an unusual coolness in the air , and a fresher quality in the perfume .
a high , singing wind carried , as it were , a cooled and refined quintessence of all the scents from the richer world below , and kept these in continual agitation .
the ghastly inappropriateness of the idea had , all in one moment , stolen something from the colours of the landscape and the scent of the flowers .
they came out of the woods and rushed across wide fields of saffron or of silver , sometimes deep to their ankles and sometimes to their waists in the cool or poignant scents .
ice tried not to notice how bloody soft she was , how the bottom curve of her breast brushed one of his thumbs when she exhaled , or her amazing scent .
he inhaled , and her scent made him mad with need .
the acrid char of burned flesh completely smothered the normally damp , dank scent of this sort of room .
before she could argue , he grabbed her around the waist and threw her under him , until her back hugged the sheets steeped in his warmth and earthy scent .
the creamy flavor of her skin , the sunshine scent , all mingled with the tart - sweet hint of her desire .
the combined perfumes rushed to his head , and he delved deeper , where he feasted on her , lapping the concentrated essence of her desire for him .
the strong arms , the pine and musk scent , the way he latched on to her as if he 'd never let go .
the girl began bathing her face and neck and shoulders , and amara reveled in the warmth , the feeling of the soft washcloth against her skin , the scent of soap in the air .
her pant leg brushed his arm and her scent exploded around him .
a seductive - sweet scent .
he had a mate , her scent cleaving to his heart in an instant .
his , mixed with the deep , rich scent of the earth and the tang of tree sap .
breathing through his nose , he pulled her scent deep into his lungs and held rigid under her hands .
the movement had her brushing against his leg , and his scent billowed up like a sheet to wrap her in its embrace .
it caught one of the raw wounds and a small trickle of blood rolled down his arm as the scent blossomed on the air .
the scent of blood , rich and decadent wrapped around her , chasing the stench of burning ra flesh from her nostrils in an instant .
rolled the delicious scent along her tongue to taste it , holding the breath deep in her lungs until she 'd chased away unsavory thoughts of barbecue and regained her control .
he broke from the kiss to accuse , then dragged his lips along the sensitive curve of her neck , pausing halfway to breathe in her scent .
the other male 's familiar scent filled sanders 's sensitive nostrils .
only the rise and fall of his chest and the warm , vital , wild scent filling the small cabin assured her he was still alive .
the dual scents of a woodsy , citrus shower gel and laundry powder assaulted her senses , almost hiding the sharper scent of an anti - dandruff shampoo .
the dual scents of a woodsy , citrus shower gel and laundry powder assaulted her senses , almost hiding the sharper scent of an anti - dandruff shampoo .
the aroma of lunch and numerous cigarette breaks clung to him like a shroud and under it , not one but two perfumes .
the sort of perfume a younger woman would pick up at a superstore .
anything was better than the air in the labs , loaded with the scents of experimentation and , buried beneath it , terror and despair .
the heady scent of blood bloomed on the air .
shoving thoughts of desire to the back of her mind , she focused on the scents .
cute perfume .
he could almost feel her pain and terror hanging in the air like an expensive perfume .
his tone rang with false positivity with an undertone of ` ` thank f**k shift is almost over '' and the scent that wafted up at her reeked of coffee and too long in the same clothes .
the scent of her arousal wound around them , matched by the deeper musk of his .
the deep , earth scent redolent of the forest and the outdoors that was darce , and another equally wild scent .
the deep , earth scent redolent of the forest and the outdoors that was darce , and another equally wild scent .
the scent like a rich perfume even though his mind rejected the smell as wrong .
the scent like a rich perfume even though his mind rejected the smell as wrong .
that fleshy , weird scent the newly dead got .
shit , she was covered in blood , and the rich , deep scent filling his nostrils told him it was hers .
like her body combined his scent in with hers .
she sighed in contentment and a sheet rustled , the scent of clean linen surrounding her .
darce 's scent rose to engulf her , wrapping around her and caressing her senses .
longer and stronger than they 'd ever been , they slid easily even through the blackened skin of this new form , the hot rush of his blood flowing over her fingers and tantalizing her with its heady scent .
now , with the amber ring in her eyes like steele 's and his lycan scent wrapped around hers , she was something else entirely .
the stink of their dying perfume had made her think of what was happening to her mother and father and brother under the ground .
she could smell the infant 's skin , warm and sweeter than any perfume .
the rocky babble of the black stream rose in her ears , and when she reached it , she saw that the level had already begun to drop and the stepping - stones no longer looked so perilously small ; now they looked almost the size of floor - tiles , and the scent of the water had lost its ominously attractive quality .
there was a smell , all right , but it was n't quite perfume .
they 'll take me down before i so much as smell her perfume .
what she smelled was not perfume , but she knew the scent - bitter , metallic , but oddly attractive , just the same - at once .
she could smell their separate scents and also the one they made together .
he stared hard at the little journal , and she could smell that musky , woodsy scent of his that drove her mad .
his gorgeous body put off heat like an oven , and a scent that made her melt into a puddle of lust .
he knew the musky scent of her arousal , the faint tang of her skin , the throaty groan she made when she came , and the peace of being with her and knowing she was safe and whole .
caden leaned in farther , drawn by her fruity jasmine scent , by those chocolate eyes that were melting him by the second .
he smelled her fruity - jasmine scent , which had haunted him for two days .
sydney sat up and was suddenly at his back , melting him with her nearness and the mixed scent of her arousal and anger .
the human signs of her arousal exploded across his brainher peachy - floral scent , peaked n**ples , the heat in her eyes .
the sweet scent of her nearly overcame him .
his eyes were about to cross from the tight , wet friction of her around himalong with the mingling of their scents .
clutching sydney against him , caden smelled her feminine scent tangled up in his own and thanked god she was alive .
that spicy - sweet scent of hers infiltrated and intoxicated his senses , tightening his gut .
our lips touched , and the world was suddenly filled with the perfume of blossoms .
her need still rode the air like some musky perfume , but now i could breathe it in and not drown .
i was drowning in the scent of apple blossoms again , and for a moment power flared through me , a strong pulse that made doyle stumble .
i was suddenly drowning in the scent of fresh - turned earth and the rich , green scent of growing things .
i was suddenly drowning in the scent of fresh - turned earth and the rich , green scent of growing things .
it brought with it a scent of forest and field .
he smelled of wilderness untamed and of fresh - tilled earth ; but over all the rich scent of him was a perfume that was impossible to describe .
he smelled of wilderness untamed and of fresh - tilled earth ; but over all the rich scent of him was a perfume that was impossible to describe .
that sweet scent that makes your body tighten and your heart fill .
galen tasted like the scent of aromatic herbs .
the scent of ripe plums filled my senses as if i could drink it out of the very air , or sip it from her lips .
the heavy summer heat clung to our skin , filled the world with the drowning scent of fruit , so ripe , so heavy that it was ready to burst its thick silken skin , ready to give up its meat to the sun 's caress and the drowsy hum of bees .
the mist smelled damp , dank , but over it all i could still smell the scent of fruit , perfect , waiting .
huge scarlet roses bloomed everywhere , their scent so heavy on the air that it was like swallowing perfume , almost overwhelming in its sweetness .
i drew in the rich scent of his skin , the warmth of him , and hid my shock .
maneck ate some of his oekh , which turned out to be a brown paste the consistency of molasses with a thick vinegary scent .
when he went to the edge of the forest to relieve himself , the distinctive cinnamon scent of the iceroots strong in his nostrils , the sahael stretched to accommodate him , but maneck took no notice .
sunset threw reddish - orange light onto their house , and the scent of her flower garden filled the air .
` ` your perfume .
these had richer , deeper colors , and their perfume was cloying .
` ` i remember how you smelled my perfume back in the bar that night .
happy , i buried my face against his body , drinking in his scent and feel like an intoxicant .
i could only make out his shape in my periphery , but the scent of cinnamon gave him away .
i felt his arm move toward me , and then the scent of something strong and fruity touched my nose .
the breeze carried all the delicious smells of the desert , and i caught the sweet scent of mesquite - not the barbecue kind but the delicate perfume emitted by its fuzzy yellow blooms .
the breeze carried all the delicious smells of the desert , and i caught the sweet scent of mesquite - not the barbecue kind but the delicate perfume emitted by its fuzzy yellow blooms .
the desert 's perfume .
i was the only succubus who inspired sensations of silk and tuberose perfume .
a whispered scent of rum , almond , and cinnamon .
his scent flooded my nose .
there was no fleeting smell of apple , leather , and musk , no unique seth scent .
i accepted the vase with delight , inhaling the mingled scents of roses , irises , and stargazer lilies .
brushing my teeth and adding perfume could not be faked , and after performing those tasks , i grabbed my purse and sprinted out .
i wore this perfume because it was reminiscent of what other immortals sensed in my unique signature , my aura .
the perfume .
feel free to wear it some more , so it smells like you and that perfume . ''
light , music , and the scent of fondue and potpourri washed over me .
the scent of cinnamon and musk washed over me as he snuggled closer .
i wrapped my arms around seth and breathed in his scent .
i hugged him , losing myself in the sweetness of his warmth and scent .
` ` just shape - shift into any outfit that comes to mind , '' he muttered in my ear , his breath heavy with the scent of gin .
an uncomfortably warm feeling spread over me , tinged with the scent of brimstone .
i swore i could smell the scent of his skin , his sweat mingled with the woodsy apple soap he used .
i turned to cody as i tried to identify the scents coming from the kitchen .
he smelled like i remembered , the clean , sharp scent of his cologne surrounding me in a way very different from seth 's woodsy smell .
that soft woodsy - apple scent wrapped around me like an embrace .
as he did , i caught the faintest whiff of tuberose blossoms - the leftover scent of my michael kors perfume .
my hands ran over the lean muscles of his chest , the scent of his skin drowning me .
the name for them came to me , with a scent of roses and herbs .
thorns like daggers pointed at us , roses bloomed and filled the hallway with sweet perfume .
the scent of roses filled the air , and petals began to fall from the sky like pink rain .
the scent of something sweet and unknown to me flowed up .
the scent of roses came gently to me .
the perfume of roses was growing stronger .
it was not the heavy , cloying scent of modern roses , but the light , sweet scent of the wild .
it was not the heavy , cloying scent of modern roses , but the light , sweet scent of the wild .
the herbs added a warm , thick undertone to the scent , as if we were standing in the middle of an herb garden with a hedge of wild roses around it to guard it and keep it safe .
the scent of roses and herbs was so real that i could taste it on my tongue , like drinking in a summer 's day .
it should have simply hurt , but the summer sunshine fell upon us , and the perfume of herbs and roses , warmed by the life - giving sun , was all around us .
i buried my face in the scent of doyle 's chest , and hid against his body .
i waited for some sign , and thought at first that she would not answer me , then a faint perfume of roses came .
there was a sound like bells , and the scent of flowers , though not roses .
the scent of flowers rode the air , as if a breath of summer 's heat trickled across the cold moonlight .
i gazed into their eyes , and was n't sure what was about to happen , but as the scent of roses grew stronger on the cold air , i knew the goddess was coming .
the scent of roses mingled with the rich scent of herbs and leaves , as if we stood on the edge of some forest glade .
the scent of roses mingled with the rich scent of herbs and leaves , as if we stood on the edge of some forest glade .
i smiled , then i laughed , and the scent of roses and the sensation of summer sun on my skin was so real that it was almost dizzying to have my eyes see the winter 's dark .
there was a wind , and the scent of rain , and the dark light of the crowns was gone .
distressed , she squeezed her eyes shut and pressed closer to him , breathing the fiery , exotic scent of his skin .
his scent filled her nostrils .
he caught up behind her as she entered the structure , lured by her delicate lavender scent , captivated by the way her gleaming dark hair clung damply to her shoulders .
her soft body pressed tight to his , her lavender - tinged scent swirled in his mind .
the scent of her need swirled in his head , intoxicating him , drawing his balls up tight .
outside , the air was cool and fresh , and maddie breathed it deep to clear out all the mingling scents of cologne , perfume and sweat from her nostrils .
outside , the air was cool and fresh , and maddie breathed it deep to clear out all the mingling scents of cologne , perfume and sweat from her nostrils .
entering the house , he was greeted with the usual scent of fragrant wax and ages - old tomes , a smell that could portend disaster as easily as success .
there was an odd tinge of scent riding the sudden gust , something like ... sulfur .
silken robes brushed his face , and the welcome scent of the topside world filled his nostrils , chasing out the bitter , burning sulfur .
though outside it was nearly dusk , the scent of coffee drifted in from the kitchen .
she breathed in his scent , wrapping herself in the comforting warmth of his embrace .
i took in his presence , his beauty , his wacky midnight blue hair , his intoxicating scent .
an enticing mix of light perfume over natural scent told him thus .
an enticing mix of light perfume over natural scent told him thus .
his scent , woodsy and wild , went straight to her knees .
the scents of wood , earth , and male replaced smoke .
marrok inhaled , drawing in her heady scent , then pushed forward , tearing past her barrier , grunting over her sharp gasp as he slid deep down , down - to the hilt .
his scent wafted from the garment .
this time , he 'd concentrate on each small detail , her scent , vanilla , peaches , and female , misting over her skin , softly tingeing every breath he took .
each inhalation a joy , a riot of luscious scents .
that woodsy male scent went to her libido in seconds .
but with his warrior 's body under her hands and midnight scent around her , the temptation crept in .
rolling across the mattress , olivia could n't miss his scent , spicy , clean , complicated .
olivia tried to ignore his scent and her great view of his ass .
something in jane that would normally have reacted to such a remark with anger was banished by the fact that the word obedience - but certainly not obedience to mark- came over her , in that room , like a strange oriental perfume , perilous , seductive ... ... ` ` stop it ! ''
in all the house there is warmth and softness and silence that might put a man in mind of paradise terrestrial ; but no musicians , no perfumes , no high seats , not a hawk , not a hound .
they passed under the shadows of ancient rowan - trees , into aisles of long - legged aeglos : a gloom filled with a sweet scent .
there was a strange scent in the air , sharp and floral .
the perfume was heaviest there , and for a moment bod wondered if snow might have fallen , for there were white clusters on the greenery .
it was made of small five - petaled flowers , and he had just put his head in to sniff the perfume when he heard footsteps coming up the path .
but the girl smelled like her mother 's house , like the dab of perfume she had touched to her neck before school that morning .
he retraced his steps , almost casually , caught her perfume again about fifty feet away , beside a small mausoleum with a closed metal gateway .
she nodded quietly and stepped forward to hug me.her dark hair , just like mine , swung forward and brushed against my shoulder , bringing with it the scent of apples and strawberries .
his scent was intoxicating and familiar and i buried my face in his chest .
it took me until 2:01 to wake up enough to realize that i was clutching the bloodstone necklace in my hand.apparently , i had grabbed it in my sleep.the cool stone was polished and smooth in my palm and as i turned it over , vivid images assailed me like a lightning bolt.sloe - eyed , dark skinned people , the heavy scent of jasmine and blue eye paint.i gasped just as soon as i could breathe again and dropped the stone onto the floor .
palm trees and native flowers adorned the land below the palace and the incense from within created a distinct scent , in combination with the gentle breeze that swept in from the sea.i could n't believe i had ever forgotten this smell.just as i could n't believe i had ever forgotten the fear and desolation that we had felt here ... it was crushing.it rested heavily upon my heart now , as if it had been there all along .
leaning back , i examined the finished product.as normal , she was beautiful.her perfume was delicate , yet distinct.no one else in the world smelled like she did- she had perfume makers custom make her scent.her slender arms were adorned with jeweled arm cuffs , her ears were decorated with large golden earrings.her obsidian eyes , as black as night , met mine in the mirror.hers were twinkling .
the gentle breeze lifted my hair away from my forehead and i inhaled the floral scent in the air as it drifted towards us over the magnificent royal gardens.bright blue lotus flowers drifted serenely in small rock - lined ponds , while white chickpeas softly swayed in the breeze intertwined with intricately sculpted shrubbery.cleopatra bent and picked a lotus blossom , tucking it behind her ear as i stood in the serene garden and watched .
the scent here was intoxicating .
the heavy , sweet scent of jasmine hung thickly in the air as we walked past the yellow blossoms lining the walkway.it was no wonder that i smelled jasmine when i first picked up the bloodstone.the air here was pregnant with it .
as the breeze blew over me , i caught a whiff of my own scent and pulled my wrist to my nose so that i could inhale it.one of the many things the egyptians had gotten right was their mastery of perfume oils.i had never smelled as feminine as i did right now.it was subtle , soft and exquisite .
the subtle scent of incense wafted from the room , stirred by the movements of the mass of people within .
scent was important to the egyptians , and the perfume of each individual in the room combined to create an overall scent in the air that was not unpleasant in the slightest.it contained musky , fruity and spicy notes all at once .
scent was important to the egyptians , and the perfume of each individual in the room combined to create an overall scent in the air that was not unpleasant in the slightest.it contained musky , fruity and spicy notes all at once .
scent was important to the egyptians , and the perfume of each individual in the room combined to create an overall scent in the air that was not unpleasant in the slightest.it contained musky , fruity and spicy notes all at once .
iras nodded solemnly as she rose from the floor , her white shift fluttering in the night breeze.her deep , mahogany skin appeared even darker against the light fabric.she was surrounded by the thick scent of amber .
the air smelled delicious as the night jasmine released the scent from their blooms into the breeze and i inhaled deeply as i watched the pathways below the palace for signs of hasani and antony .
i rose on my tip - toes and kissed him squarely on the mouth , inhaling his earthy scent as i did .
she rose and walked past me , trailing her musky scent behind her.digging through another jewelry box , she came up with coiled simple golden chains that ended in a snake 's head on each end.i gulped at the poetic irony when i saw them.we would die by snake bite.i could n't say that i was excited about wearing one on my head , fake or not.but i did n't say anything .
cleopatra hugged me quickly , her musky scent enveloping us .
the priest was certainly eager to please her , his black eyes anxiously waiting for her orders.he had started to back down the hallway leading into the bowels of the temple.already , the heady scent of the incense was beginning to envelop us .
` ` i need you on my team , tehran , '' she purred again.rising fluidly from her seat , she crossed to him , bending to murmur in his ear.her musky , distinct scent enveloped them and he closed his eyes as he inhaled .
` ` cleopatra , your scent is intoxicating , '' he murmured as he nuzzled her , his wish to know the source of our laughter forgotten.she met my eyes again over his head and rolled her own.i smiled .
entering her chambers , the thick scent of incense immediately assailed us.i almost covered my nose because the air was so heavy with it .
we continued wordlessly down the staircase , intent on waiting for hasani and antony in the courtyard.when we arrived , however , they were already there , chatting by a granite sculpture of anubis.the heady scent of jasmine hung heavily in the air and i remembered now why it had always been my favorite smell in the world.it must have , on a subconscious level , reminded me of alexandria .
cleopatra took me by the arm and we made our way down the two hundred steps to the water.the breeze carried the scent of jasmine to us from the palace and i inhaled the familiar , comforting scent as we approached the guards at the bottom of the stairs .
cleopatra took me by the arm and we made our way down the two hundred steps to the water.the breeze carried the scent of jasmine to us from the palace and i inhaled the familiar , comforting scent as we approached the guards at the bottom of the stairs .
as she moved , she stirred her soft , clean scent and i inhaled it , re - committing it to memory .
on one restless afternoon , i went back to the mall alone and found a perfume store where they created custom perfume oil.i tried to recreate the perfume that i wore in alexandria- the soft , subtle scent that had made me feel so sexy .
on one restless afternoon , i went back to the mall alone and found a perfume store where they created custom perfume oil.i tried to recreate the perfume that i wore in alexandria- the soft , subtle scent that had made me feel so sexy .
` ` this is going to sound like another line , '' he said laughingly , ` ` but your perfume smells amazing.it feels like i should know it , but i do n't . ''
i smiled up at him as he held the door for me , still a perfect gentleman.my heart raced with anticipation.i found myself anxious to get to know him all over again , every single facet of this new person that hasani had become.as i slipped past him , i caught a whiff of his masculine scent .
closing the doors behind him , ahmose stood silently for a moment , scanning the room around him.still and quiet , the room possessed the eerie silence of someone departed.the scent of charmian 's perfume remained in the air and he breathed it in deeply.he had been with her a long time , too long to even remember.he knew her .
closing the doors behind him , ahmose stood silently for a moment , scanning the room around him.still and quiet , the room possessed the eerie silence of someone departed.the scent of charmian 's perfume remained in the air and he breathed it in deeply.he had been with her a long time , too long to even remember.he knew her .
here only comes at whiles a wind to blow returning darkly down the way ye go , with perfume laden of unearthly trees .
here was a formica table , on which maureen 's daily mail lay folded ; howard and maureen 's coats hanging on hooks , and a door leading to the lavatory , which exuded a scent of artificial lavender .
he could smell samantha 's perfume , coming in waves from her hot skin .
she had a quick impression of color and jumble and light , the scents of vanilla and smoke .
the scents of hay , horses , manure , leather , oil , grain caught at her heart .
familiar scents surrounded her - leather and saddle soap .
the yeasty smell of beer pouring from the tap , the earthy scent of peat simmering in the hearth - yes , iona thought , there was nothing like it .
inside branna 's workshop with the fire simmering , the scents of herbs and candle wax sweetening the air , she 'd learned to expand her own understanding , embrace her power , and begin to polish those raw edges .
the scents rising up , teasing of what was to come , and the mix of voices all talking to or over one another .
she lifted a ladle , poured a pale gold cream from bowl to bottle through a funnel , and touched the air with the scent of honey and almonds .
` ` candles and flowers , light and scent .
reaching in her pocket , iona pulled out the lemon she 'd taken from the blue and green bowl , brought it to her face to inhale the scent .
the flowers , so lovely , the scents , so poignant , helped her with her own balance .
the scents of cooking , the simmering hum of the fire , the steady breaths of the dog who slept under the table all spoke of ordinary things while they talked of the extraordinary .
then led the way to the tack room with its scent of leather and oil .
removing her cloak , she sniffed it happy to find his scent there too .
her scent was one of warmth and sweetness that he could only describe as reminding him of his mother 's homemade cookies .
still , her scent made his blood rush .
as he moved closer to her , her scent overwhelmed him and he vowed to protect her at all costs .
picking up the clothes he wore from the porch steps , she held them up to her face and inhaled deeply , enjoying his scent .
the longer our hair is , the stronger the scent it creates . ''
taking a deep breath , she picked up the final stone for her circle when her senses registered the fresh air and woody , musky scent of caleb .
she remembered how pea was so obsessed with wanting the cottage to smell like baked goods , that she created a scent potion .
cassie could smell her heady perfume , and it made her dizzy .
cassie went to adam first , just to breathe in his scent and feel his strong arms around her body .
faint scents have faint colors , like pastels washed out by time .
clear scents have clear colors .
she had been set upon this exciting , enticing electric - blue scent , and she found she could not leave it .
dennis 's scent had still been there , now mostly in splashes and blobs on the curved walls ( these were the places dennis had touched with his hands ; the floor of the pipes was covered with a foul warm water that had washed away all scent ) .
they could hear the voice of hurrying water in rocky bed at the bottom ; the scent of trees was in the air ; and there was a light on the valley - side across the water .
` ` i feel just fine , '' she said , as the air around her grew heavy with the perfume 's invigorating scent .
the two scents are much alike , as i recall .
in beleriand in those days the elves walked , and the rivers flowed , and the stars shone , and the night - flowers gave forth their scents ; and the beauty of melian was as the noon , and the beauty of luthien was as the dawn in spring .
there were backlit mirrors propped up on every flat surface , curlers warming on the dresser , perfume in the air .
the puff of air from the darkened interior smelled of incense and cedar , a timeless scent that carried none of the horror present outside .
strong arms wrapped around my waist , and kiyo 's scent , dark and musky , washed over me .
the painful restraint on my wrist sent shockwaves of heat through my body , and the scent of cinnamon drifted around me , standing this close to him .
i smelled the clean , fresh scent of the desert and the faint , faint breeze blowing through it .
the candles appeared to be homemade , undoubtedly so they would n't poison the air with artificial scents or be laced with trackers that the government could use to listen in on trisha 's conversation .
one was the scent of freshly baked brownies wafting in the air .
i smiled , pushing closer to him and drowning in the scent of his sweat and skin .
` ` right , '' i said , trying not to notice the apple and cinnamon scent that always surrounded him .
i felt strong and refreshed , and all around me , the colors and scents seemed stronger and more vivid .
there was biscuit and the meat , thoroughly tasteless and without any scent and difficult to chew .
a light , sweet scent filled the air , which was the coolest they had encountered since they 'd entered the arch of tantalus .
the clean , refreshing scent made his nose tingle .
the scent of the flowers was making it hard to hold on , though .
` ` those flowers put out a scent that gives a feeling of great happiness and well - being , '' said hamnet .
the scent of cooked apples filled the kitchen .
she found that it contained people , heat and flowers - not flowers in bunches , but in pillars and towering stacks , filling most of the air with clouds of sticky perfume while the people below filled the rest of it with words , tightly packed .
thick with the scents of dust and dirt .
she remembered the scent of him - wetlander soaps , which smelled of oil , mixed with that particular earthy musk that was all his own .
such a breeze should have carried with it the scents of pollen and crisp morning dew , of dirt overturned by sprouts pushing into the light , of new life and an earth reborn .
despite the problems in the tower , despite the rotted plants , she was buoyed by the scent of life in the room - the freshly turned earth and growing plants .
in a few moments she and egwene stood in a pantry , thick with the scent of dried grains and aging cheeses .
as always , the sending from the wolf came as a mixture of scents and images .
perrin was getting better and better at interpreting those - the soft earth as a representation of the ground , rushing wind as an image of jumping , the scent of relaxation and calmness to indicate there was no need to fear .
perrin lay awake in the still night , smelling the canvas of his tent and the unique scent of faile .
their calls to him lingered in the air , together with the scents of cooking , privies , horses and cheap perfume .
the heavy scent of the roses in full bloom .
her perfume smelled of apple blossoms .
it mixed with the inevitable scents of an overcrowded city .
that soft , featherlike wind carried with it the scents of a thousand cook fires scattered through the city of falme , heating morning stews .
a sea breeze blew through the canopy , ruffling the canvas and carrying with it the scent of rotten fish .
there was a wet scent to the air , the smell of new rain , and she could feel that she 'd missed a sprinkle .
the sky was an iron gray , and the scent of dirt rose into the air , accompanying the bustling motion around the camp .
he nocked the arrow and pulled carefully , raising it to his cheek , breathing in its scent .
the scents of new rain , of wild pastures .
muggy , the air often full of rotting scents .
turne smelled unwashed and dirty , and above those scents was an odd staleness .
the familiar hallways , the scent of freshly washed stone , the echoing of footsteps ... when last she 'd been in this place , she 'd commanded it .
they called to him with a mixture of scents and images and sounds .
the scents and images confused him .
they surged around him in a swirling blur , caught in the currents , cradling him in their sweet scent .
the scents of dumai 's wells .
the afternoon breeze was refreshing , laden though it was with humidity and the scents of the city below .
the breeze brought an amalgamation of scents : fat seared by flames , potatoes boiling , peppered sauces spiced with garlic , the wet , sticky scent of potato peelings being carried to the small herd of hogs they 'd managed to bring out of malden .
but he could smell her scent , soap with lavender .
faile ate more slowly , the scent of amusement mixing with that of her soap .
her scents were subdued .
he smelled the oats , the humid air , alive with the scents of dirt and fallen leaves .
it was n't until gawyn stood there - smelling the musty scent of old paper and burning candles - that he felt the reality of the impending war .
birgitte reluctantly passed by the inviting scents of food , and instead pushed her way out into the cold summer storm .
perrin closed his eyes and let his nose carry the scents of the area to him .
a distant , lingering scent that seemed out of place .
many of the scents were the same - the same fecund sense of nature , the same wealth of trees .
but those were mixed with the scents of moss and of wet stone .
somehow , he built a picture in his mind from those scents .
there was an odd scent in the air .
he looked up at the sky , thinking of the strange scent and the fact that the asha'man gateways were n't working .
also scents of strength and stability .
of the musty scent of dust .
as so often , particularly recently , those scents seemed to contrast with the world around him .
gawyn kept his distance from the insects , but the scent of roses was so pervasive that he felt bathed in it .
gawyn smiled , breathing in the scents of roses and mud around the pond .
the scents of life .
he passed through waves of perfume , feeling the sun on his neck .
she put on some perfume , then dressed in her nicest gown - a deep gray - green with embroidered vine patterns across the bodice and around the hem .
the bitter scents of fear and anger mixed in the pavilion , both sides glowering at one another .
the scents were so incongruous .
layers of scents , swirling together .
the soft wind was soothing , the air dry and familiar , the dusty scent of the three - fold land reminding her of her childhood .
the air was drier here in cairhien , with a faint dusty scent to it .
the air was full of scents that did not belong .
they did , replaced with the scents of summer .
he sought out his valley of peace , appearing amid a grove of wild cherry trees in full bloom , their perfume lacing the air .
the world became sweeter , the scents of oil from armor and of beaten grass growing stronger .
he 'd only been able to smell her - her scent was that of soft night lily - after she 'd begun speaking to him .
wind blew through across the field , carrying with it the scents of a dying land .
he breathed in the deep scents of a world wounded , but not dead .
there was a rightness , like the scent of morning rain , to healthy trees .
she let him hold her , letting his familiar scent calm her .
he gave those nearby a greeting , sending his scent mixed with his image .
she wears a new scent , but it is her .
a sweltering heat , plants covered in spots of darkness , a scent of something awful in the air .
she was immediately assaulted by the scent of smoke .
androl took a deep breath , filled with the scents of autumn .
of the pervasive scent of smoke in the air , the cries of pain from men .
an unusual scent in the air .
a hint of perfume in the air .
perrin cried out and dropped to his knees , cradling her in his arms , breathing in her scent .
` ` shhhh ... '' he sat forward ; his lips so close to hers she could feel his breath , smell his masculine scent .
he 'd taken a shower but her scent still clung to him .
there was something deeply satisfying - and very arousing - about it and he shifted in bed , her scent and memory having a definite physical effect on his body this morning .
but no matter how arousing , that scent and those memories were attached the wrong girl .
beyond her touch , her scent was overwhelming him , the complexity and depth of it amazing .
beneath that was nikki 's own scent , warm and rich , sweet with an edge , like biting into an orange picked fresh from the tree , drenched in heat , lush and juicy .
beyond description , her scent started a chain reaction of emotions and feelings in his body , everything spiraling out of his control .
but beneath that still was nikki 's intoxicating scent .
nikki 's scent rose up around him and he closed his eyes briefly , aching to go after her , knowing there was no way he could explain anything .
her scent still permeated his room , clung to the sheets he refused to strip from the bed .
the world was a kaleidoscope of scents and uppermost in all of them was nikki .
even in this form , her scent was intoxicating .
he caught nikki 's scent and he closed his eyes for a brief moment .
he 'd caught a whiff of nikki 's scent , clear and rich , on the night air .
he closed his eyes , opening his senses to the sounds , and particularly the scents around him .
the air was heavy , holding scents like a sponge .
her scent was so heavy here , mingled with dozens of other pungent scents , it was difficult to know exactly where she was .
that strange scent he 'd smelled on nikki the night before .
having her this close , her scent all around , was driving him insane .
his rich masculine scent rose up and she inhaled deeply .
the door opened a crack and lori peered out , accompanied by the strong scent of beer .
everything smelled , the air even had a scent .
` ` practically edible , that scent . ''
the scent of the sea thickens in my nostrils as we run , drawing me towards it .
it 's a familiar , cultured scent .
his bed was up off the floor , and there was a lamp burning there that gave off a perfume .
it smelled good to me , better than any perfume , and when i passed under the branches of the trees , the ground became soft .
he was a beautiful man with dark hair , always finely dressed , and on the sabbath his linen robes often gave off the faint scent of frankincense .
he was very cold , though the brazier was heaped high , and the air was as warm as it was fragrant with the scent of cedar .
a thick and delicious perfume .
gold embroidering , rich and thick , and from her hair and her garments came this irresistible perfume .
the warm air was sweet with the scent of the river and the green marshes , and i could hear the cry of the birds who always gathered in the vicinity of the river .
i was overcome with the scent of it , warm bread .
the sounds and scents of the crowd rose up in my nostrils .
it was lovely and light and filled with the airy scent of the water .
he was startled , caught unawares by the soft pressure of her br**sts against him and the subtle scent of a rich perfume .
he was startled , caught unawares by the soft pressure of her br**sts against him and the subtle scent of a rich perfume .
he could smell food cooking , and then another fragrance , a perfume .
that was his mother , s perfume .
he smelled the burning oak again , and her perfume .
he was remembering things - the scent of the alleyway , garbage , urine ; the scent of the woman , a tender perfume suffused with an acid smell , almost citruslike - the smell of fear ?
he saw the entire city take shape around her with myriad scents and sounds and exploding lights ; he saw it expand in all directions from her running figure .
it was a good scent .
he traveled as high as he could in the giant weedlike eucalyptus , breathing the strange bittersweet scent of their long thin pale leaves .
yet a faint perfume lingered in the room - marchent .
something sweet and mingled with an artificial perfume .
all the domestic scents swirled around him - of polished wood , scented soap , candles , a touch of incense , the smell of a fire .
and her perfume , her lovely natural perfume and a tasty citrus essence she , d added to it .
and her perfume , her lovely natural perfume and a tasty citrus essence she , d added to it .
he moved quickly down the small narrow hallway of the house , tracking the scent of children , the sweetest loveliest scent - his feet silent on the hardwood floor .
all the same sweet scents were there .
her sweet scent slowly filled the house .
he knew now he , d know this scent anywhere - its unmistakable blend of personal warmth and that subtle citrus perfume .
he knew now he , d know this scent anywhere - its unmistakable blend of personal warmth and that subtle citrus perfume .
slowly , he described it to her , pretty much the way he , d described it to jim - the scents , the mystery of the scents .
slowly , he described it to her , pretty much the way he , d described it to jim - the scents , the mystery of the scents .
they moved down to the carpet together , and he heard her pulse quicken just as the scent of desire rose from her , something secretive and smoky and delicate .
all the scents of the night had broken through the solid shell of the house , rising like steam from a thousand tiny whispering chinks and crannies .
the scents mingled in his nostrils .
her perfume flooded his senses .
the scents of wood and dust , of books , of mold , flooded his nostrils .
the door at the bottom opened inwards and he found himself in a small room he immediately recognized by its scent : linen , silver polish , candles .
and the scent lingered .
the fur was insulating him from the heat of the room , his nostrils as always picking up the heady scent of the forest that pressed against the windows .
as always , she weighed nothing ; she was fragrant and sweet as if he carried bundles of flowers close to him for their luscious scent .
this was heaven , the soundless rain all around him , the scents of the fallen leaves rising , the boar , s scent intoxicating him , the flesh more than he could possibly consume .
the scent of rain and earth came from their clothes and their boots ; they were windblown and ruddy from the cold .
the scent of coffee wafted on the wind .
the house was filled with the scent of the rain and the aroma of coffee , lemon tea , and red wine .
the wind carried the scent of fields , of flower , of earth baked by sun and soaked with rain .
platters were passed , more wine poured , butter slopped on hot steaming slices of bread and light flaking rolls , the scent of garlic rising from the tumbling , sliding spoonfuls of salad , and great forkfuls of meat slapped onto the old flowered china plates .
the soft clean scent of her skin caught him by surprise as the forest in his mind receded , dimmed .
for a long moment , he watched her as the scent of her came to him , clean and good .
they were locked so close together they were as one , his right arm around her , her left arm around him , and the perfume of her hair was gently intoxicating him .
flashes of the dream returned : sun , smell of earth perfume of laura ; marchent 's face , tears , her lips , her lips , her lips , it had always been her lips , not laura 's .
faint scent of the wax , like incense , and of course the fire , always the comforting oak fire , and the lingering fragrance of wine now mingled with coffee .
masses of holly and mistletoe as well as pine garland were wound around the mantelpiece and the sides of the fireplace , and about the windows and the doors , and the sweet scent sometimes filled the air and sometimes died away altogether , as though the greenery were now and then holding its breath .
but dust gives off a clean scent , does n't it , reuben thought .
scent of innocence and suffering , scents of evil , and other scents , strangely ambiguous and unclassifiable , odious and ugly , rose all around them .
scent of innocence and suffering , scents of evil , and other scents , strangely ambiguous and unclassifiable , odious and ugly , rose all around them .
and there was a scent coming from him ; it was , i do n't know , like honeysuckle and green things , and dust , but you know dust can be a clean smell , like in the first rain , when the dust rises . ''
up close , they were perfumed and provocative - no scent but the usual human scent smothered in artificial sweetness .
the air in the main room was cooler , and sweet with the scent of pine needles .
pungent scents caught his nostrils , the deep rich and living scent of the wild boar he 'd hunted all too seldom , and the sweet and seductive fragrance of simmering wine .
and all around , the forest gentry pushed in singing , and covering them with light , airy scentless kisses , kisses that had only the scent of the flowers .
her soft clean scent , which was n't a scent at all , filled his nostrils and his brain .
her soft clean scent , which was n't a scent at all , filled his nostrils and his brain .
scent on the wind , scent mingled with the rain .
scent on the wind , scent mingled with the rain .
he heard a footstep in the shadows behind him , and then he caught the scent of laura , of laura 's hair and laura 's perfume .
the scent of linen and silk lifted to him , carried by the moist night .
the scent of her clothes reminded him of a fresh winter night .
his comment about cassandra made me think of how i sometimes felt king 's eyes on me or smelled his delicious scent in the air , but there was no one there .
the air filled with the scent of mold and a stench of rotting ... rotting something .
and her perfume was more than just a phantasmal hint .
i could almost - almost - smell her strong perfume .
as i climbed , the scent of old sweat and decayed wood assaulted my nose .
my eyes eagerly inspected the liquids , identifying most from scent or color .
the delicious scent of chicken was making my stomach growl .
the familiar , pungent - sweet scent of mary jane clung to his clothes like cologne .
when i entered the building , the air was saturated with the scent of hot grease and five - spice powder .
the scent of ozone permeated the concrete and made my lungs feel clogged with dust .
the sharp scent of ammonia hit my nose like a punch .
the scent of ozone and burnt cedar from the sticks he used to light the burners clung to his lab coat and dreads .
the instant i wedged open the door , the musty scents of dried herbs and essential oils gone rancid hit my nose like a punch .
the fist to my gut was n't caused by the scents so much as the realization that part of me was eager to go digging through those boxes .
i pried open the double doors and was immediately assaulted by the scents of gasoline from the old lawn mower and fertilizer i 'd bought for the flowers i 'd never gotten around to planting .
the astringent scent of concentrated rosemary brought back memories of the cleansing bath salts i 'd made for my mother one christmas .
the alcohol in the extract caught immediately , and soon the heat intensified the sharp pine scent inside the space .
rubbing it had warmed the potion to body temperature , which brought out a new texture and scent .
climbing the steps up to the gym , i inhaled the scent of body odor on stale vinyl and old varnish on scarred wood .
the heat of it made the scent of his expensive cologne - a heady mix of chypre and sandalwood - stronger .
the instant i walked into the room , i got a noseful of lavender 's soft purple scent and vetiver 's earthy green musk .
the living room was clean and held the lingering scent of baba 's aromatherapy oils .
the delicious scent of sweat and heat and pheromones .
and i was suddenly very aware of the heat coming off him and the scent of his cologne and the sheer size of him .
lights illuminated rosemary bushes with their sharp green scent all around the perimeter of the house , but all of the lower - level windows were dark , like closed lids on sleepy eyes .
the spicy scent of his cologne mixed with his natural morales - ness made him dangerous - with a capital d. ` ` which other place ? ''
it disappeared when adrian smashed the mirror against the steering wheel , but an eerie wind whistled through the car , ruffling my hair and stinging my nostrils with its acrid scent .
the scent of wood smoke remained , surprising me until i realized there were trees around us .
` ` that mud bath reeks so much , i ca n't pick up anything that might give you away , like the lingering trace of perfume . ''
lifting his head , he sniffed her skin , his senses filling with the flowery scent of her perfume , the acrid stink of her fear .
lifting his head , he sniffed her skin , his senses filling with the flowery scent of her perfume , the acrid stink of her fear .
he took a deep breath , drawing in the sweet scent of her skin and hair .
her scent filled his nostrils , the heat of her body turned away the chill of the night .
alyce 's scent also hung in the air .
but even had he not known , her warm , familiar scent would have beckoned him as surely as candlelight drew the tiny white moths .
her scent filled his nostrils , warmed every nerve .
man or beast , in this world or in the world of channa leigh 's dreams , he was content to rest there , by her side , to feel her fingers stroke his fur , to breathe in her scent , to imagine himself as a man at her side , his head cradled in her lap , his lips tasting hers ... as if she knew his thoughts , the dreaming channa leigh pressed her fingertips to her lips .
he took her to the solarium , watched her smile as she took a deep breath , her nostrils filling with the scents of the hardy mountain flowers that bloomed and thrived even in the midst of winter .
they were in a small dell surrounded by lacy ferns and night - blooming flowers that filled the air with a sweet perfume .
even her scent made me happy .
the smell was n't perfume .
i leaned in , unable to resist getting a whiff of her intoxicating scent .
the spicy scent of rosemary drifted around me as i leisurely rubbed the oil into my skin .
i smell perfume , and mildew , and trenton 's bathroom , which i am trying hard not to smell .
he placed the bottle in the back of the medicine cabinet , which smelled like old band - aids and nail polish and the bubblegum scent of kids ' tylenol .
too much perfume , too much bad breath , too many murmured conversations and fake smiles , too much lipstick - on - teeth , and too many men trying to scratch their balls in their suits so no one will notice .
the envelope was tinted a light lavender color and smelled of some sort of flowery perfume .
parker was known for drenching herself in a perfume called chypre by coty but gwendolyn had never been close enough to the woman to know if she truly wore it that strongly .
her perfume made him think of something long and sleek , like calla lilies .
the sweet perfume of rose and syringa lingered in the damp air as she brushed by the branches .
the soft rustling of foliage , the sweet scent of the bluebells and the warm spring breeze on her face cast a spell of silent reverie that was suddenly broken by the businesslike sound of a woodpecker .
why do you not walk out where you can smell the scents and see them more clearly ?
london , summer , 1782 john walked through the ladies flower garden and scrutinized the flowers , searching for those which pleased the palate of scent as well as the palette of colour .
the first odor to strike him was the pungent perfume of phlox , but he knew that susan preferred a subtler bouquet .
the sweet smell of stocks called to him , but he did not tarry over them either because the carnations bright colours and cinnamon scents demanded his attention .
the scent of swiss cheese and tomato sauce lingered on her skin .
she needed to breathe , to once again inhale the sweet scent of oxygen and to live unshackled by the chains of her agony .
brushing her hands lightly against the velvety rose curtains of the universitys renowned theatre , malia inhaled the fresh scent of the recently built auditorium .
she lightly closed her lids , inhaling the invigorating scent of white paint and wet leaves .
she entered the room with a handkerchief clasped to the lower part of her face , which , from the scent that began gradually to permeate the room , i decided must have been soaked in a mixture containing white vinegar .
frances breathed in the sweet perfume of rose that lingered in the air , before taking in every detail of the rest of the idyllic garden .
at that moment , he smelt a faint hint of her perfume , and without knowing what he was doing , he felt his hand falter on her neck .
agnes then got to her feet , and stalked away , leaving the air behind her suffused with the sweet scent of rose water and echoes of tinkling bracelets on her gloved wrists .
around her , the languid summer air , perfumed with the scent of grass , soon imbued her with a strange feeling of calm .
the sky was still gray with thick , stormy clouds , but the air was clear and crisp and suffused with the scent of earth and pines , and there was a chilly breeze that soughed through the trees .
the familiar smells he loved so well wafted over him and he breathed in deeply of the pungent scents of horses , hay and manure .
they traveled slowly so as not to overtire the horses and they took this rare opportunity of unhurried togetherness to talk and reminisce , to reveal new dreams and plans for the future , and to breathe in the cool , clean , late october air , savoring the scent of an occasional stand of pitch pine trees mingled with the odors of the horses and old leather .
i did nt pay attention at first , not until i felt the soft warmth of eadies arm across my shoulders and smelt the sweet scent of her .
they have their own garden , full of the scent of hollyhock , lupin and foxglove .
the bright sun in the sky and the scents of summer in the air lightens the whole world .
i would sit in the garden , soaking up the warmth of the sun and the scent of the flowers .
i inhaled her subtle scent , which was decidedly not eau de woolworth .
a final tiny pop , as the plump detective vanished , leaving scents of starch and straw and gentlemens cologne .
their bodies never touched , yet they were close enough that the scent of their sweat aroused their senses .
eva knew , as julia did , that her leg was dying and her whole body would follow soon without medical care ; but the sweet scent of the rich dirt in the fields spread out before bratislava , which they could now see in the distance , filled her nostrils and lungs , bringing music once more to her soul .
the endless , silver sea before her made her smile , the scent of brine sharp , the breeze gentling .
the spicy scent of him carried a salty freshness .
she glided in that very swing , the scent of roses wafting on the air .
she knew that of them all , his scent would be forever etched in her mind as the essence of this moment .
the heady scent assaulted her , bringing fast , burdensome memories of her father , but she denied her grief , and returned to the game .
chapter eleven despite the afternoon sun tracing the window , the scent of kidney and eggs , a mornings feast , permeated the dining room .
she lowered the window and inhaled the fresh earthy scent .
a neat stone path bordered by lavender , savory and rosemary , their scents bringing her home more than her very presence , led to the familiar , scarred front door .
delighted with her scent bottle from grace and the cameo from her aunt , she turned to rose and shanes gift .
grant opened a jar of balm , the spearmint scent alone soothing .
she rubbed her cheek against that very mat , inhaling his spicy scent .
your hair is the color of moonlight dancing on the waters and you carry the scent of life .
no overwhelming sense of his presence , no lingering hint of his scent , no rush of memories , nothing .
mixed scents of damp vegetation , horse manure , and hyacinth came in on the breeze , mingling with the stale aroma of beer and smoke , a scent that the rain seemed to bring out of the old stone walls of the coaching inn all the more .
mixed scents of damp vegetation , horse manure , and hyacinth came in on the breeze , mingling with the stale aroma of beer and smoke , a scent that the rain seemed to bring out of the old stone walls of the coaching inn all the more .
the smells of the great city were many and varied , and over that of fish and slops and horse dung hung the pungent scent of coal smoke .
the beery scent of a brewery hung heavily in the air here , and juliet could see that this area was not as affluent as some of those through which they had come .
the scent of old , musty tapestries , of damp stone and candles long since burned , filled the huge nave .
` ` absolutely not , this is unthinkable ` ` ` ` no , gareth , wait ... '' juliet , either ignorant or uncaring of what lavinia 's erotic perfume and low - cut bodice implied , put her hand up to silence his protests .
the erotic mix of scents expensive perfumes , incense , the subtler , more discreet aroma of sex began to make him faintly nauseous , and memories entered his brain that he suddenly blushed to remember .
the erotic mix of scents expensive perfumes , incense , the subtler , more discreet aroma of sex began to make him faintly nauseous , and memories entered his brain that he suddenly blushed to remember .
and then madam herself , resplendent in diamonds , shimmering mauve satin , and a bodice cut so low that her rouged nipples were in danger of popping fully free , came sweeping out of her salon in a cloud of heavy perfume .
she lay stiffly against the hollow of his shoulder , heart pounding , reluctant to put the weight of her head against him and hardly daring to breathe but very aware of the hard body beneath his soft shirt , the faint hint of his own unique , masculine scent .
nick crossed the room and placed a kiss on the old womans cheek , inhaling the strong rose scent that clung to her clothing .
when she eventually began to quiet , he continued to hold her close , captured by the delicate scent that was so much a part of her .
sarah struggled to keep her voice even as the light scent of nicks cologne invaded her senses .
the scent of fresh strawberries and chocolate floated from the basket , and agathas head snapped back so fast sarah almost laughed aloud .
he kissed her cheek , inhaling the rose scent that clung to her clothing .
sarah plucked a spring rose , breathed its scent , and thought of agatha .
her mouth went dry as she inhaled the male scent of him .
bowers of thick green hung everywhere and the scent of spring flowers rose to greet her .
the clean , manly scent of him permeated her being and she felt her insides begin to melt .
their fresh scent filled the room , and sarah realized that their full glory would be revealed as the heat of the day coaxed their petals to open .
positively the most unusual scent of the season .
is nt this scent , this eau de horse , what all the young ladies are wearing this season ?
the roses swayed softly in the gentle breeze , lending their fragrance to nature 's heady perfume .
the scent of lamb and ambrosia filled the air .
the old man had amazing smell , and he wrinkled his nose at the scent of droppings in the air .
it was a perfume that sank down from the underworld above him , the deaths of millions fermenting the ground until it was a harvest of the end .
she selected a fine egyptian perfume , stolen from her mother 's gold - inlaid box , with which she anointed her feet and legs .
but the smell of him was still on her , replacing all the perfumes .
the scent emanating from him was saffron .
a mild breath of summer breeze blew in , ruffling her hair and carrying with it the scent of flowers from the garden below .
the air was heady with the scent of roses and purple jasmine , and the rich smell of freshly turned earth .
christine was charmed by the flowers subtle scent .
raoul blinked a few times , confused , then shrugged and cautiously inhaled the pungent scent of the brew he had been offered , identifying it as hard cider .
the garden in summer was full of scents and the buzz of insects .
rose smelled the scent of the flowers after which she was named .
the wind murmured in the high branches of the huge oak and beech trees , seeming to whisper of ominous secrets , and the faintly sweet scent rising up from the soft ground beneath her feet seemed to bear the odor of death .
the ocean fascinated her , with its sharp , wild scent and mesmerizing rhythm .
now , she picked one of the flowers and inhaled the blooms perfume , then touched the purple center .
the low - lying hills undulated in the sun 's heat , washing the discovery in the dense perfume of land .
hawksworth listened to them curse the close , humid air below , and then he turned to inhale again the land breeze , permeated with a green perfume of almost palpable intensity .
a bouquet of perfume hovered about him like an invisible cloud .
small fires were kindled by some of the men , and the unmistakable scent of glowing dung chips savored the dark clouds of smoke that drifted out across the river 's surface .
large pillows lay strewn about the carpet , and the air hung heavy with the stale scent of spice .
the street was lined by plaster walls and the cool evening air bore the scent of flowers from their concealed gardens .
his lips were lightly red , and his perfume a mixture of flowers and musk .
the scent was mild , pleasant , and as their hands traveled over him he felt the pores of his skin open to divulge their residual rankness .
she moved closer and her perfume enveloped him .
the center of the bazaar ran red , and the air was filled with the wine 's sweet persian perfume .
chapter twelve the moon was high , bathing the sleeping veranda in a wash of glistening silver , and the air was deliciously moist , heavy with perfume from the garden below .
you play on my senses like an instrumentwith touch , with scent , with tongue .
her carnal desire may be less strong than the conch woman , at least until she 's properly aroused , but then her kama salila is hot , with a perfume like honey .
as he passed her , he sensed her powerful presence and inhaled her musky perfume .
now the musk of her perfume had begun to hover about his head , fogging his mind even more .
the musty air of the room was immersed in her perfume , as though by her very being she would defy the walls of her prison .
she leaned over and dropped into his arms , the sweat of exhaustion mingled with her perfume .
the evening air was flooded with the women 's rose attar and musk perfume .
a cloud of perfume hovered about him , and his dark moustache was waxed to perfection .
during the night its tiny red blossoms would flood their room with a sweet , almost cloying fragrance , so they woke every morning to a day bathed in perfume .
years later her mother had confessed the beautiful room and the perfume of the tree were intended to always make her want to return there from the foul rooms of the branco and their priests .
then something passes across her face , a reverent caress , and there is softness and scent in its touch , like a linen kerchief that hints of wild berries .
he sat on the prow of the longboat , collecting his thoughts while he tasted the air and the scent of the sea .
the night perfume of the tropical shore and the sea was obliterated by the stench of the emerging soldiers .
the room exuded an eerie peacefulness ; again it called to mind the sanctuary of whitewash and frangipani scent that had been her home in pernambuco .
the aroma of the chocolate swirled up into the watchtower above , and in the moonlight its dusky perfume sent hipolito 's thoughts soaring .
my scent in remembrance .
the exotic scent of sandalwood took her breath away for a moment , and her heart ached for the loss of the one man during her foreshortened season who had treated her as if what she thought actually mattered .
something made him pause in the doorway , though , just watching as a maidservant fluttered around , offering scents and powders .
he liked the vanilla scent of her and the near perfection of her powder - free skin .
he followed her , drinking in the scent of vanilla that seemed always to surround her .
he wanted desperately to lift her up and bury his face in her neck , where the scent of her was strong and sweet , and apologize for his unmeant cruelty .
he strove to control his own response to her nearness , her scent .
suddenly she caught the scent of him , the same scent he had worn five years ago .
he buried his face in her elegantly coiffed hair , enjoying the faint scent of roses there .
she ran her fingers along the binding , the worn leather of the cover , she breathed in the scent of the book .
surely it was madness to continue to dream of sliding his lips down the silken skin of her neck until his head was cradled on her shoulder and he inhaled the warm scent of her skin .
after meg left annie did freshen up , washing her face and reapplying her makeup and a dab of perfume .
she could smell him in it , a musky scent with a hint of the witch hazel from his morning haircut .
it was warm with the faintest of breeze carrying with it the scent of the grass and the trees .
there are no sounds to hear , sights to see , scents to smell , objects to touch .
helena smelled a waft of strong perfume .
she relished the shade and the soft perfume of the vines and fauna weaving through the trellises .
chapter twenty - two helena helena poured libations on the altar of diana 's image in the family garden , the sweet honey and floral scent overwhelming her senses .
she could smell the soil and the faint scent of olive oil on his bronzed skin .
she breathed in deeply , air sweet with the scent of freshly baked bread , still lingering from the loaves made in the morning in the round brick ovens on their property .
he was aware of nothing else in that moment , only the heady scent and taste of food and the urgency to fill his empty stomach .
she inhaled the familiar scent of him , sweet with incense , carrying only a slight hint of the musky man beneath the wool .
he breathed deeply of godrics scent , then leaned further against him , tentatively embracing him back .
she applied some make - up and a little perfume and using the flashlight , inspected herself in the mirror from all angles .
she inhaled the clean scent of the heather .
captain henry moore breathed in deeply , savoring the scent of salt on the wind , as well the familiar earthy tang of land .
there was a full moon out , turning the branches and leaves of the garden plants to silver , and the air was full of the drugged sweet scent of the early roses all around us , just beginning to bloom .
they were strolling together past the lilac bushes that grow by the south wing of the house , and as they came near , i heard m.de lacourcelle say , ah , but this scent , it reminds me always of my grand - mre the duchesse .
for a moment , i just stood quite still , feeling the soft night breeze on my skin , breathing in the scent of the flowers and freshly clipped grass .
stepping through the doors , her nose was met with the smell of the most exquisite perfume , and suddenly she found herself surrounded by lots of counters displaying exotic looking bottles ; with girls who looked like they had stepped out of fashion magazines , standing next to them .
the ballroom was awash with pink and lemon taffeta , the air filled with cloying , floral perfume ; and the only people dancing to the singer yet another johnny ray impersonator , were a couple of older girls clinging onto spotty - faced oiks , who held their partners awkwardly - no doubt frightened of getting too excited from being this close to a girl .
she suddenly felt someone grasp her around the shoulders , and as soon as she smelt the soft , musky perfume , she realised it was clare .
she followed him into the small drawing room and saw they were alone , although the smell of lady ashleigh 's perfume hung in the air , reminding evie of her heartlessness .
the scents of stones , and lichen , and earth , they all mixed and rose into the falling mist and added dimension to the forest , and for a moment he felt as if standing in a strange room , some sort of museum .
trevor felt the musky air with its many scents quite invigorating .
not like perfume or anything as artificial as that , she just smelled so nice , like all good things should .
as for me , she said , as challanging his storage of images , the lilacs and narcissos scents are filling my lungs .
would her majesty permit me to lick her clitoris and bring her those attacks of sensations , that are sweeter than cakes , more exciting than scents ?
some utensils , used for sending vapours of scents and incense to the air , were set up there , too .
it was very pleasant walking down the driveway , in the shadow of lichen covered trees , with the scent of thriving vegetation which was rarely caught even in the largest and most magnificent city park , and the delicate trickling of some hidden stream .
the thought of breathing in all that rubbish made her hold a handkerchief in front of her face for a while , but when she went into the garden and breathed the scent from the roses growing on the wall she soon forgot about the other things flying around in the same air .
how otherwise to inhale the perfume that janet wears ?
through the main door of a medieval cathedral he goes , processing down the center aisle , drawn by the scent of frankincense and the lure of gregorian chant , here the beauty of the ambrosian gloria .
deeply he plunges , all his bearing unmarked yet with hands and thighs following familiar scents .
aaren is a dazzle of scents and whispers of succulent surrender .
effortlessly , she seduces him with scents and wisps and sweet smells and that high energy thrill of the unfettered feminine that plays out when not wary of the hunt .
he is drawn by a faint scent of lilac , an indulgence she allows herself .
following the bellhops , jessie and dinah walked past roses rambling over the balustrades of stone patios leading to the colonnaded portico , heavy with the scents of honeysuckle and jasmine .
i often imagine that her favourite scent was lavender like mine .
sitting up , she smiled grinned watching him setting out chicken infused with thyme and sage , king prawns in a light marie rose sauce , fresh lettuce with chopped tomatoes , cucumber and the scent of coriander .
passing the purple glory of the copper beeches , the darkness of the rhododendrons interspersed with the silvery bark of the birches , she looked out for the deer that would wander through to the luscious meadows now filled with the scents and colours of wild flowers , the pinks , purples , reds and white inviting one to roam , touch and smell .
then there 're the scents as well , they cleanse , drawing in spirits from the higher spheres ' twining her fingers in a lock of pale blond hair lucy said , ' i thought we were here to exorcise the woman in the painting - muriall ? '
sitting down in the chair , she called to daisy , busy fussing around by the door sniffing all the lovely scents left by the courier .
then there was her perfume in the air .
no doubt whole forests of evergreens were disappearing from artic lands to bring temporary pine scents to lacquered parlors .
sometimes , she went closer and inhaled the scent of his skin .
a scent of lavender soap from cronins hand , stroking the lads cheek , moving down to lift the blanket .
foot on the lead punts bow , god - king khufu inhaled the marsh - at - dawn perfume of wild lotus and wet roots in the nile delta .
her delicate perfume of myrrh mixed with the rivers fragrance of blue lotus and sandstone .
once inside the greenhouses perfumes of purple rose , red poppy and blue lotus , khufus legs weakened .
perfume of the blue lotus alights upon us like mist drops of our love - making dapple sycamores outdoors theormi caught khufus scent of burning hemp .
chasing after his hemp scent , no longer wondering over her place , theormi reached her arms beneath his , extending her palms to the backs of his shoulders .
hurrying into the hituptah winery , open for the god sokar festival two hours before midnight , mehi and an - khi inhaled sweet , rich scents of grape juice and fermenting wine swelling from earthenware vases .
i wake to your wheat field perfume in the first morning .
aware her fragrance was darkening like the singeing of figs and merged with his scent of hemp and juniper , she guided khufus flesh to her opening .
their scents burnt like scalded honey .
warm spray flecked their skin and spiked the air with scents of crushed limestone and sage .
she secretes loves scent , swoons at his touch , and yields to his invasions .
he d stroke her arm and breathe her clean perfume .
she brought into the windowless hut what she could to make it a homecushions , bowls , wildflowers and a small alabaster jar containing a perfume of sweet rush and oil of cinnamon .
she applied her one perfume behind her ears , on her neck , and as low on her torso as she dared .
the two lovers lingered in the perfume and warmth .
mehi thought of their marriage bedthe caress and press of skin , wet kisses , slip of tongue and an - khis myrrh perfume mehis flesh itched .
as he worked , he could smell the aroma of bacon and eggs coming from within the house , followed by the scent of brewed coffee .
the garden of the monastery is filled with books , said brother george picking a rosemary branch from the church bench indulging in the dry sweet scent .
a sweet smell filled the air with the scent of jasmine and basil .
the scent of the christmas tree was wrapping the altar into a celestial robe .
the candles had different colors and scents .
the church became a mystical flower blossoming in the scent of seasonal plants .
the air was filled with the scent of lavender .
a mild wind carried the strong scent of wheat and corn over the valley .
steve closed his eyes , indulging in the scent of all the different herbs .
the cave was filled with the scent of garlic and carrots .
i followed the scents to the source and found garlic and vegetables such as horseradish , carrots , radish and sweet potatoes growing from the earth into the cave .
the meadows were filled with the scent of fried onions , garlic and mushrooms .
the scent of the water mixed with the smell of the old rocks .
let the feast continue thousands of different scents filled the streets of saint peter inviting the people to an orgy of the senses .
even with eyes shut tightly , her lavender scent still wafts through the room .
i am asleep before i even have time to notice mamas lavender scent or her empty divot in the mattress beside me .
i jump up , my shivers goneits not cold , just wonderfully cool , with a whirling breeze carrying the scent of rain through the windowand hurry outside .
i ve always hated that robe , with the musty scent that clings to it even through the driest months .
he strolled the last few yards , taking in the scent of the crisp , fall air .
the pleasant scents of ripened fruits and vegetables flirted with his nose and palate .
on entering the library , there were always two things that struck ben : firstly , the reverential silence , as if the readers within were at prayer ; secondly , the smell of old books that musty but strangely compelling scent of old paper and leather which lures one in like an aromatic siren song with the promise of rich , florid words , poetry , prose , edification and entertainment .
the scent of lavender rose in the air .
she hummed a little more as she took the perfume bottle and dabbed a little of the lavender scent on her neck and her wrists .
he made his shot and tried to comprehend whether she had suddenly grown missish at being alone with him until the scent of lavender struck his nostrils , reminding him too late that he carried judiths scent on his person .
the scent of lavender rose to his nostrils again , however , and he released a great breath of air .
she knelt down beside adrian and he caught the scent of her hair and felt the slight warmth of her body beside his .
brad did n't hear her come up behind him , but the acrid smell of wool hot from an iron and a whisper of her scent floating gently past his nose sent a shiver up the middle of his back .
brad forced himself not to turn and look in their direction as a strange mixture of baby smell and an unknown , but what he was sure was an exotic and expensive perfume , wafted across the void and intrigued his nose .
she smelled clean with a hint of perfume from her shampoo teasing his sense of smell .
a hint of perfume crossed the small space that separated their bodies .
feigning sleep he could hear her quiet breathing and the sipping sounds then again the scent of fresh coffee invaded his nostrils .
the delicious smell of fresh brewed coffee wafted by his nose and he felt a movement of air like a warm spring day bearing the fresh coffee scent .
the scent of lemon and lilac rose from her skin , inviting and fragrant and intoxicatingly alluring .
it was lemon and lavender , intertwined with a fresh scent he had no name for but knew was unique to her .
he leaned in , closing the distance and inhaling the alluring scent of apricots and fresh laundry .
he teased her lower lip with his tongue , inhaling deeply so that the full effect ; her scent , her taste , the slight sound of her breathing all added to the symphony of her kiss .
he closed his eyes , remembering her face , her scent , and the wide - eyed expression of wonder after the first time he kissed her .
the scent of cinnamon and cloves permeated the air , thickening it , weaving a spell around her till she felt her hand reach for his .
though she only came up to his chin , it seemed the perfect height for his scent to hold her captive , for his eyes to penetrate her soul .
his taste of peppermint combined with his masculine and heady scent of cinnamon was nearly her undoing .
her nose tried to overwhelm her with the spicy peppermint scent of him .
the scent of cedar and peppermint immediately enveloped her and caused her determined thoughts to grow foggy .
he whispered against her lips , the sweet scent of peppermint and desire intoxicating her .
i want to remember every moment , every scent that i inhale off your fragrant and flushed skin .
sighing in satisfaction , she nestled deeper into his embrace , drinking in the scent , the sunlight spinning into their room , the soft cadence of his breathing .
before he even opened his eyes , he could smell the sweet scent of her skin , the fragrance of her hair lemons ?
lizzie held her tight , breathing in the familiar scent of her , of the herbs they worked with daily , the familiar smells she had grown up with , warm and comforting , the scent of home .
lizzie held her tight , breathing in the familiar scent of her , of the herbs they worked with daily , the familiar smells she had grown up with , warm and comforting , the scent of home .
she breathed in the scent of him , the earthy raw smell of the wood he had been working with , and the underlying scent of his body , familiar to her , dear to her .
she breathed in the scent of him , the earthy raw smell of the wood he had been working with , and the underlying scent of his body , familiar to her , dear to her .
he missed the way they laughed together , he missed her scent on the pillow next to him , he missed the special hold she had over him and her soft round warm body that she would envelop him with .
it was natural surely when he let her into his house , noticed his unique scent on his sheets and his clothes .
she melted into him , thrilling to the touch of his body , and his masculine scent .
a slight shift of the wind brought a whiff of her sweet perfume to him .
after reminding himself to breathe , he inhaled deeply taking in her spicy scent that seemed to be working a spell on him .
richard pulled her close , inhaling her spicy scent .
one day in the early afternoon , a particular scent crossed annes nose , a scent so familiar to her she almost climbed over her guard , but thought better of it .
one day in the early afternoon , a particular scent crossed annes nose , a scent so familiar to her she almost climbed over her guard , but thought better of it .
the smells of horse , and leather , and dust hung around him like a perfume .
she buried her nose in the crook of his neck and inhaled the scents of little boy , sweat and sunshine .
the sweet , spicy scent of pipe tobacco enveloped her .
the wind carried the scent of fermented apples from the orchard ahead .
a spicy scent overrode the smell of soap and carbolic .
lucs scent .
the clean scent of soap and a soft floral fragrance surrounded him .
voices and the scent of roasted meat drifted out of the dining room .
his warm breath washed over her , bathing her in the twin scents of peppermint and fresh coffee .
the sharp scent of soap teased his senses .
the scent of brine clung to the mist drifting in clumps through the forest .
she leaned against him for a moment and inhaled the spicy scent of his skin .
chapter twenty - three the breeze swished through the moor grass and buffeted luc with the pungent scent of brackish water .
he kissed her forehead , inhaled the clean scent of soap and sunshine .
he detected a faint whiff of ladies perfume .
she pressed a handkerchief to her nose and made it seem as if the perfume was having a severe effect on her sinuses .
her hands rested on his large biceps and his scent reached her nostrils .
it was a fine french perfume .
tessas nose wrinkled as she detected the faint scent of whiskey on him .
the warm september night held a soft breeze and dean could smell the scent of hay and cattle as he walked to the main barn .
jude rested his cheek against the top of almas head and took a long inhalation of her earthy scent .
if amelia and allegra remained unmarried , they would never smell this male scent or feel the heat of lying next to him .
she was standing right by his elbow , so close that he could smell the mingled aroma of freshly baked bread and rose - petal scent that lingered about her .
even at a distance , jina could smell her perfume .
he buried his face in her hair , inhaling its sweet scent , when he suddenly felt her body go rigid .
they also get a whiff of pine , moss , and rotting leaves as they trudge through the woods , but another smell , a pleasant aroma touches their noses , - the scent of ripened corn .
the scent reminds him of the caves in the cliffs behind his house overlooking hog creek canyon in alabama .
he can , just about , smell the delicate scent of the lilac water on the nape of her neck .
it is around mid - afternoon , kentuck has gotten onto a couple of warm scents , but nothing comes of them .
a complete rose garden , and the scents from their roses , she rolled her eyes with a smile as we ascended the grand staircase to the second floor and our room .
when hideki was finished , he made a small shrine with smoking scent sticks and spent time in prayer for the fallen .
i would wonder what it would be like to live in their mexico of expensive perfumes and endless dresses instead of the hardship of my mexico .
i ve been looking for you , lucio informed me , standing so close that i could smell the scent of the strong soap he bathed with .
even though i had washed them many times since he had left , i could still imagine his scent .
it was a pleasing place to be , with the warm flames drawing out the exhilarating scent of the pine boughs artistically arranged upon the mantle .
john inhaled the exotic new scent with an audible sigh .
the musky scent of dried tobacco dominated the space .
he unhooked the latch and pushed the glass up , letting in a cool blast of air , the combined scent of the salty sea and the storm dropping soon .
he wanted to reach out to her , touch her dark hair , bury his nose in her sweet scent , kiss her forehead , ask her how she was feeling .
he took her arm and walked her to the colonial revival garden where the salty air mixed with the scent of lilacs .
he walked sarah to her door , kissed the top of her hair , and though he wanted to stay enveloped in her sweet scent until dawn , he went home , keeping his secret safe another night .
then he caught the familiar scents , sandalwood for one , rosewater for the other .
basking in the scent of strawberries and cream , feeling her responsive heat , made him feel alive .
beneath the odd smell of spearmint on his breath , mollie realized , was a faint scent of whiskey .
its like heavy perfume that hangs on the air .
some romans think if they ever stop wearing rough wool , they 'll turn into greek pederasts and implode in a stink of perfume .
he could smell her perfume , a strong and unusual scent - not floral , as the fashion was , but rather spicy and bittersweet .
he could smell her perfume , a strong and unusual scent - not floral , as the fashion was , but rather spicy and bittersweet .
and yet living on the aventine , where rose blossom blew in summer , and there was always the scent of rosemary in the air , egerius thought he 'd put enough distance between his life and the dourness of the romans .
master ramtha was still as elegant as she had ever been ; her braids hung down her back , and two , precisely straight , hanging in front of her ears and framing her face , each hair oiled into place ; the sound of her gold hair bindings tinkling against each other followed her as closely as the scent of incense with which her clothes were perfumed .
she 'd put a handful of herbs on it ; a resinous scent with something rotten and sweet under it .
the room stank already of wine fumes and sweat , and a thin hint of perfume from caile , that the romans might or might not have noticed ; pine and citron , sharp and insinuating .
she 'd tied the sage leaves together in bunches , and lit them from a torch , and they were burning damply , smokily ; the dry scent of the plants mingled with the stink of burning .
he smelt the undertone of sweat to her perfume , the sourness of fear they said dogs could always sniff it out .
even with their rough double doors wide open to the street , they were dim , the corners puddled in gloom ; they stank of the only half - tanned and already rotting skins that were stacked on a counter , the putrid aromas of fish gut sauce or cakes of salted anchovies , oozing overripe cheeses or musty air - dried sausages , their skins furred with white mould ; only a timber store smelt sweet with pine resin and the peppery scent of olivewood , and the slatted shadows of the leaning planks seemed to form such good hiding places , but there was no sign of anyone there .
she inhaled the fresh scents of the morning to clear the heavy odor of yeast from her nose .
the smell was unbelievable a heady mix of urine from the tanneries , human waste tossed in the street or down open privy pits , exotic spices traded from across the north sea and from as far away as the fabled cities of byzantium and rome , smoke rising from five hundred fires and forges , the alluring scent of roasting pig or lamb and a thousand other smells i could not place .
annie leaned closer to hear him more clearly and was momentarily distracted by the interesting scent , a mixture of tobacco smoke and pine needles , which clung to him .
the neat delicate handwriting practically shouted female correspondent , and annie was nt surprised at all when she lifted the envelope to her nose to smell a light scent .
i was feeling hungry all of a sudden , a faint trace of carmella 's scent lingered in the air .
willing his mind to clear it , he drew a deep breath savouring the fresh scent of the wet grass and marvelled at the green of the countryside .
he breathed deep and filtered out the different smells of the room , until he was left with her scent alone .
she snuggled closer against him and savoured his scent .
she could smell the clean scent of the water that was full of rose petals .
no sooner had he drifted off then his senses were flooded with the scent of de floyran .
she held him close and buried her face into his soft fur , recognising his scent and being instantly comforted by it .
the passageways were dimly lit , the torches were burning low and their greasy scent made catherines stomach lurch , but she wondered whether that was just her nerves .
he could smell a light perfume , and she was wearing a slip that only went down to her knees .
the perfume of the pine and the smell of the burning meat reacted violently in delameres stomach and he stumbled dizzily in the direction of the well .
her tapered fingers were capped with clean , white - tipped nails and the perfume of the lavender with which she had scented her bath almost defeated the sick smell of the chamber .
a pleasant scent of lavender filled the air and all the women were neatly dressed in finely woven cloth .
but then he smelled the faint scent of lavender and as abruptly as he realized that the entire hall had gone dead silent , he knew who was sitting next to him .
she reached out for the baby and took him in both arms , laughing as she hugged and kissed him all over his face , reveling in his familiar scent .
he shifted his shoulders and reached back a hand to peel his shirt from his back , wrinkling his nose as his own scent rose above the myriad of others .
she settled onto the bench and pulled in all the flowery scents that hung in the rain - washed air .
she helped portia formed circles from the vines and tied them together with string , while the scent of pine permeated the house .
ashton thought he would never forget the overly pungent scent .
he wanted to inhale the lilac scent of her .
he followed and stood behind her , inhaling her sweet scent , staring at the silky hair lying softly around her shoulders .
when he smelled the fragrance of fried chicken filling the air , he wondered how james had torn himself away from such a heavenly scent to face soldier stew around a campfire .
angelina giggled and shared the scent of peppermint which lingered in her mouth .
freshly cut spruce and fir boughs adorned doors and hung from poles , filling the air with their scent .
he squeezed her gently and was overcome with the scent of wildflowers and warm , dark earth .
but all he had for company was a stinging handprint on his cheek , and the soft scent of wildflowers dissipating into the cool night air .
the scent of violets , however , remained with him long after the darkness returned .
the scent almost soothed him .
the inside of the car gave off that new car scent .
as simons heart slowed , he noticed a faint , familiar , sweet scent he could nt quite place .
as he came closer , their particular scents differentiated in his mind and he labeled them as number one and number two .
mrs . jordans voice was mesmerizing , and he could smell her light perfume .
he had to stop himself from leaning down and inhaling the scent of her hair .
she buried her head into his chest and breathed deeply of his scent .
linda leaned down , and david could smell the perfume at her neck .
the smell of bacon , eggs and breakfast potatoes wafted from the kitchen but tom was more interested in the scent of freshly brewed coffee .
sorry to tell you that stuff over the phone , she said , walking in with a good smell ( vanilla perfume and sunlight ) .
the air smelt of ani in more concentrated form vanilla perfume and something indistinct but pleasant that i noticed whenever she passed too close on the stairs .
i smelt the lovely smell that made up his particular scent ( i think it was something to do with book pages and too much coffee and just the warmth off his skin ) and had the sense of being rushed backwards in time to when we had first met .
she pulled him up to the stand , the tangy , savory scent of hot dogs and mustard making her stomach rumble but she only wanted one thing from the stand .
he moved higher , tasting every fold , breathing in her scent .
serenity buried her face into the smooth , cool skin of his neck ; aware the number of times when she would be able to feel his skin against her lips or smell his scent was limited .
the scent of damp soil and wet leaves hung on the night air .
if she stayed in bed , she would succumb to the softness of the pillows and the scent of sebastian on the sheets , so she forced herself to get up .
madeline followed the overwhelming scent of blood ; the small pool collected at the base of the cylinder .
she smelled of cheap perfume , cigarettes and that musky pungency of stale sex .
luke 's nostrils caught jan 's weird scent again as it mixed with the musty attic air , but before he could ask what it was , she clattered her wooden boards against the ladder and gave her drill a whir .
he inhaled deeply , breathing colette 's scent .
luke breathed in her wintry aroma , clinging to her scent .
where everybody was wearing masks to try and ward off the coming sickness before , now they wear them doused in colognes and perfumes to cover - up or overwhelm the stink .
someone had been in here very recently , i could smell the still fresh scent of recently cooked food .
i m grateful for the fresh air , the scent of pine trees , and dread going back into the stink of old and dying .
the scent fills my nostrils and briefly takes my mind off the intruder .
they twitch as it takes in our scents .
the scent of diesel exhaust floats on the air and fear burrowsdeep inside me .
her perfume precedes the cigarette smoke that billows in behind her .
the same waft of cigarette smoke makes me feel ill . no perfume this time , just shampoo and lotions , a very clean smell .
she is not receptive at first , but relaxes in time , taken in by my own scent .
he untucked his shirt and pulled the fabric up to his nose to breathe in the scent of heathers perfume .
the scent of marinara sauce and oregano lingers .
about his mom and how much he missed the smell of her perfume .
there s a familiar scent on it .
a funny scent so foul , filled her nose ; it came from lily .
the scent of blood fragranced the air , and grew stronger outside .
not only was the sickening pheromone smell gone - a cinnamon - like scent the new vampires had - , but her eyes were no longer dilated and her skin was rosy , instead of waxy white .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
cleaning crews had managed to get in , for the place was spotlessly clean , with a faint scent of lemon household cleaner permeating the air .
she pulled him close , this woman who he had just left that morning sleeping peacefully in her matrimonial bed , her smooth skin perfect , her body gently perfumed with the scent of his cologne and clean sweat .
natassia stormed into pauls apartment , ignoring the flushed hue of her twins skin and the lingering scent of maximum body wash , which both mars and paul were mutually sporting .
i could really use your help some of her old clothes were in the box , dresses and things , all neatly folded , so i took them out one by one and i smelled them , hoping for something familiar , some scent i could recognize from better days .
her perfume , shampoo , whatever .
he held aubrey for a long minute , inhaling her scent and feeling the glow of being a big brother that he d never felt before .
he smiled , as though remembering their scent .
hers was admittedly good , and milo could smell the scent traveling up the stairs and into his bedroom .
she could smell him , the warm sweet scent of youth exuding from his childs body .
the scent of grass and apples and milk and fresh warm sunlight .
and ever the small birds and the fountains sang , while the perfume of rare blossoms spread like a veil over that incredible garden .
no silly lipstick on the collar , perfume on the skin , mussed up hair , condoms in the wallet .
his face came so close she could smell the tangy scent of blood on his breath .
the note had been stuffed into the crack of my locker , folded all prettily into an origami swan and smelling of some too - sweet perfume .
as she spoke , the scent of her breath- far more subtle than the rancid perfume had been- wafted toward me , temporarily stifling my senses .
as she spoke , the scent of her breath- far more subtle than the rancid perfume had been- wafted toward me , temporarily stifling my senses .
we were sitting very close , and her perfume had been blowing me away all morning .
the smell of cinnamon and apples struck me the instant i entered , the scent neither overpowering nor ripe , but rather hanging at the edge of the senses .
he breathed through his nose , smelling the blended aromas of sweat and perfume .
the oddly sweet scent of body odor drifted into his nostrils .
josh felt dizzy from the sight and started to hold his breath to save his nostrils from the reek of decay , but when he sucked the air in , there were no scents at all , save for that constant whiff of jasmine .
from the moment one walks in the scent of musty , old carpeting can be smelled .
the man would drive off with a soldier 's wife in his passenger seat with the strong scent of perfume blowing out the window .
the man would drive off with a soldier 's wife in his passenger seat with the strong scent of perfume blowing out the window .
then he embraced the garbage bags against his bare chest while breathing in the scent of rotting meat , rotting vegetables and used coffee grounds .
it was all completed with a thorough spraying of perfume , which would remind someone more of cotton candy and bubblegum , instead of the desired effect of a sexy girl .
they were dolled up so cute in their fashionable clothes , styled hair , makeup and whatever perfumes that blew in the wind behind them .
i lay down again in steele 's clean bed , about which a slight fragrance of perfume still lingered , and was soon asleep .
chapter vii when i ran from the pack again i was in the little room that had been steele 's , among his intimate possessions , catching an occasional suggestion of his perfume .
it was horrid , disgusting and awful ; like vomit , the new scent and taste lingered for far too long .
the smell always hit tom first , the cloying scent of disinfectant and sickness .
tom leant over and kissed him , his hand crushing the boys cheek against his own , his nose buried in the warmth and achingly familiar scent of him .
he never imagined such a stench of sweat , nicotine and cheap perfume could hang so impossibly heavy ; the women were average at best in the department of looks ; the atmosphere and loud 80 's metal music did n't agree with him and he would go so far as to say that if you walked into this strip club , you walked into them all .
scent of the sea and fragrance of the fields ; spell of the dark woods and joy of the orchards and gardens at dawn .
birds sang in hidden gardens and the perfume of trellised vines came wistful from arbours her grandmother had reared .
the apartment building we approach has flower boxes below the windows and the scents from the blossoms are intense , heavy and fragrant .
i breathe deeply , enjoying the perfume and smile at andrew as he rings the bell .
even though we could both smell the same scents , it was hard for me to describe exactly which one was yours .
underneath the perfume of the roses , you can begin to scent the rot and decay setting in .
in the warm spring sun i can smell the faint scent of cedar hanging about the air .
emilio was suddenly compelled by a force far greater than his own will , and he hunched himself over and loped amongst the graves , his nose practically able to see her perfume .
my senses were gratified and refreshed by a thousand scents of delight and a thousand sights of beauty .
' in the meanwhile also the black ground was covered with herbage , and the green banks interspersed with innumerable flowers , sweet to the scent and the eyes , stars of pale radiance among the moonlight woods ; the sun became warmer , the nights clear and balmy ; and my nocturnal rambles were an extreme pleasure to me , although they were considerably shortened by the late setting and early rising of the sun , for i never ventured abroad during daylight , fearful of meeting with the same treatment i had formerly endured in the first village which i entered .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sank at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
it gushed vanilla scent .
his scent dominated the air and she inhaled without thinking .
he inhaled my scent as i ran my fingers through his luscious thick hair .
were closer in age , for one thing , and i appreciate your his gaze raked over her horns and facial piercings before he ducked his head and deeply sniffed at her chest , inhaling her scent uniqueness .
her nostrils flared as a long forgotten , yet familiar scent wafted through the air , reminiscent of an old gym bag and a field of lilacs at the same time .
he smelled of tobacco smoke and peppermint and something else , a scent she 'd never been able to identify .
they were vivid to all my senses , unlike the living with their masks and pretenses and lies , their styles and perfumes and habits , their secrets and passions and motives .
she marched back and forth in front of paul , her vile perfume mixed with the sickly sweet scent of soured blood .
she marched back and forth in front of paul , her vile perfume mixed with the sickly sweet scent of soured blood .
the sands sucked kitty out of the elevator , leaving behind the sickly smell of her cloying , vinegar perfume .
still , she had to admit her hands did smell a little , well , fishy as she washed them , the scent of koi now replaced with a hint of rose perfume .
still , she had to admit her hands did smell a little , well , fishy as she washed them , the scent of koi now replaced with a hint of rose perfume .
its perfume made her gag .
far better was that fishie scent that clung to her .
at first the scents confused him , but apart from her unique scent , there were a thousand others .
she made a mad rush for the front door , leaving a heady and slightly nauseating wake of strawberry perfume .
you smell that perfume ?
her earthly scent tantalized his hyper vigilant senses .
he could smell the musty scent of the cave floor , and the sounds around him were a chaotic mess .
he smelled an unfamiliar scent within his surroundings .
his lungs filling with smoke , alec could n't help noticing the bitter flavor of chopa intermingled with the scent of tobacco .
the scent of honey in particular caught his attention , sparking to life memories of gorging on grimgy 's specialty , duck saturated in a sweet honey glaze .
also , brice was overwhelmed with the various scents wafting through the garden .
another scent wafted from solo ki 's direction almost drowning out all other smells .
fixed couples , paul and francois did n't exist they fairly exchanged the perfumes and the candid braccias of the two dames , and it was not rare that jasmine , of own initiative , katrine embraced for fondly dancing with the friend as nymphs in a pond .
he warned so sensual her heat on his / her skin , while the erotic perfume that was emitted by that splendid body of woman wound him / it so much that the emotions that gathered him / it stunned him / it .
to the beginning she did n't say anything , leaving that its perfume of woman conquered around the air .
you / he / she had left some disposition to alone ivo , without giving him some explanation to respect and now that it almost appeared evident to everybody that the colors of the landscapes became opaque more and more , that the perfumes of the plants and the flowers and even the food you / they were changing , as if the aura of every thing of the servant was suddenly growing weak himself / herself / itself , that people started to fear to be incurred in a divine punishment .
he / she knew of flowers of field and at the same time of woman just gone out of the water and later kissed immediately by the heat of the sun , he / she knew about the coolness of a fall montana , of the soft perfume of a pup just wakened up , of joy and of love , of silence and of peace .
as i stripped off to shower i tucked my discarded clothes around the dozing dog , surrounding her safe and warm with my scent .
her warm skin scent rose in my nostrils .
this was where she had crawled to miserably birth her pups , surrounded by the comfort of my scent .
when the cold withdraws him , the sky becomes brighter than its same reflex in the walls of the skyscrapers , the perfumes of the pollens and the hormones wander in the air fraternally entertained by particles of thin dusts , the plants return to dye him of life , thanking with the green the man that has left them that meter picture of earth among the sidewalks to stretch the roots ; and the women few to few they discover him relegating in the attic the heavy cloths androgens that insult their beauty .
it was completely undone , still imbued of the perfumes of the night .
you / he / she had just poured the bald ones in the soffritto , what time riempiendos of perfume sizzled the environment ; a pot full of water boiled on another gas .
it is the perfume of the life .
darryl was always drinking it , and the scent threatened to reset nancys internal clock , convincing her that they were like everyone else and started their work day in the morning instead of late afternoon .
his aroma was fused with the scent of his leather coat , a mixture she adored .
the conclusion of the film is a out of left field ( think : fulci 's the beyond ) , but overall , the perfume of the lady in black is an arresting , interesting psychological horror story that 's shamefully overlooked ( granted , it is pretty hard to find in the states but if you see a notice for a revival screening or can get your hands on a region 0 disk , jump on it ) .
she thought that it was probably her mother , because she could smell her mothers neat floral perfume over the faint tang of her own unwashed laundry .
an unlit purple candle among the hand towels filled the room with the scent of lavender and roses .
a sweet , delicate scent began to pervade the air .
it was filled with the rich , smoky scent of roasting meat , the fragrant bouquet of stewing vegetables and the thick , pillowy aroma of baked bread .
then , as one mornings fog lifted and the forests scent was heavy and moist , john and michael pointed out hazy buildings in the inclining miles ahead where the forest thinned into a field .
the spicy scent of apples and alcohol sat in the stone and boards .
noticing the scent of coffee , like a pot was on the brew , she looked around .
then the scent wafting from the basket refocused him .
as the deranged ice agent bit into the soft pink fur of mr . cuddles , which smelled slightly of a flowery perfume that megan had liberally sprayed on the beloved toy before taking him along on their road trip , guiteriz seized one of the mans wrists and slapped one end of the handcuffs in place .
the penny finally dropped , nelson wanted to use her gorgeous designer underwear as the scent cloth that would be attached to the torch .
to him , the smell was the cleansing scent of post - vengeance victory , but to most others though , the infidels that usually frequent this area of torture and depravation , it was the departing fragrance of existence .
do nt you just love the scent of a summer morning barbeque elias ?
henry was very distracted from the task at hand by everything about jasmine : her perfume , her long shapely legs , luscious figure and figure - hugging skimpy black dress .
she rubbed her face against his , buried her nose in his neck , breathing in his scent .
a wave of intense scent washed over her .
but now the air was thick with the potent cole scent .
the note was stuffed into the crack of my locker , folded all prettily into an origami swan and smelling of some too - sweet perfume .
he envied them for being able to smell the aroma of the hot dog vendor , a womans perfume , or fresh baked bread .
and as i stood on the veranda that evening , the scent of freshly - cut grass heavy in the air , the thought came clearly that i was not a young man anymore and i found myself wanting for a wife .
his nostrils flared and he could smell the heavy scents of coffee surrounding him , surprisingly homely despite the unfamiliar layout of the cafe .
he made his way through the cafe , trying to ignore the press of humanity that brushed against him in distracting ways , heated skin and the distinctive scents of human bodies almost unbearable ; he felt super charged , too sensitive , almost as though the light was too bright despite the intimate levels of the cafes lamps .
chris glanced down as he passed , attracted by the scents of the others meal and saw the plate of sirloin steak and french fries the man was wearily eating , raising the fork to his mouth as though by rote , instead of with genuine need and hunger .
he padded through the streets , and the scents of the river thames assailed his senses , threatening to drown out the now - familiar scent of tom .
~~~ chris the smell of steaks frying surrounded chris , coupled with the tangy scent of caramelised onions .
he glanced up when smelt toms approach , that distinct lupine scent underpinning toms usual scent of cologne and soap .
he glanced up when smelt toms approach , that distinct lupine scent underpinning toms usual scent of cologne and soap .
as he did , he found all the linens had been changed and now carried a floral scent .
chapter four the next morning came early and with the sweetened smell of dew , a scent since missing from the city for weeks .
an unpleasant damp scent hung around the fountain , mixing with the lingering stench of smoke .
the smell of disinfectant competed with the warm scent of an industrial clothes dryer but still cloyed .
just that slight scent of lavender from the bathroom .
thinking that he must have left the lobby door open he turned around with a smile to greet her , but there was no one there , but there was a strong fragrance of perfume .
the perfume , the chocolate smell , the high heel sounds walking across the floor and last but not least , the glasses with the lipstick smear on them .
although shirley had never seen the woman because she had jumped to her death in the 1930s , she had always heard that the woman was beautiful and always smelled of sweet perfume .
she stepped out in the hall , the chocolate aroma was gone , but the smell of sweet perfume filled the air .
she wondered if mr . owens had someone up here last night , she knew it was none of her business , but that would explain the smell of perfume .
the smell of the perfume was gone and she returned to the suite , as was the chocolate aroma .
reaching over and turning on the lamp he could see that there was no one there , but he could smell the faint scent of perfume .
reaching over and turning on the lamp he could see that there was no one there , but he could smell the faint scent of perfume .
mike could still smell the perfume and could feel a draft , if not a light breeze coming down the hall .
he was helpless to do anything , but stand there and smell her perfume since he still could not move .
it was the same perfume that he had been smelling before .
yes , there was the chocolate aroma and the perfume , but who knows what that could have been ?
she opened the door and could smell the perfume and thought that perhaps he had a visitor again after hours .
mike stepped out in the hall and looked both ways trying to smell her perfume or even a hint of chocolate , but there was nothing .
leaving his office and going up the stairwell to the second floor , he listened for the sound of her high heels walking across the floor , he breathed in slowly trying to get a faint scent of either perfume or chocolate , there was none .
leaving his office and going up the stairwell to the second floor , he listened for the sound of her high heels walking across the floor , he breathed in slowly trying to get a faint scent of either perfume or chocolate , there was none .
my tongue salivated and i smelled the sweet scent of skin , the flesh of the nurse in the room and the smell of another person , a guy nearby .
i pressed my nose into neros fur and breathed in his scent as sebastians hand went clammy in mine .
i nodded tucked my face into the crook of his neck , breathing in his scent , trying hard not to think about what was coming .
nero curled up beside me as i breathed in the scent of sebastians aftershave on his pillow , for the first time in days , not feeling completely lost , feeling like there was a purpose to me being here and a reason to fight to stay alive .
the can opener clicked as the lid popped off and the scent of molasses covered legumes filled the air .
for several minutes i waited , breathing in the sweet and intoxicating scent of the flowers on the huckleberry bush .
marshmallows and chocolate chips sprayed through the air , the scent of sugar drawing jessicas nose to the food stuff instead of to me .
i could nt help noticing her perfume , which smelled so good .
the nourishing scent of his flesh is too much temptation .
her eyes , sleepy from just waking up or from a handful of sleeping pills , frankie could n't be sure , were half lidded slits of pleasure as she took in the rare scent .
it was the scent of summer days and picnics and frisbees and innocence .
he closed his filmy eyes and breathed in the scent of beer and baconyes , bacon , sizzling and spitting on a cast iron skillet .
her perfume wafted around me and her warm skin felt good against my face .
the husky voice of the woman filled the air like a sweet perfume that enchanted the mind of the listener .
the cool pine scent and gentle breeze wafted through the car .
inhale her scent .
the noise of the pub and stale scent of beer , sweaty bodies , and greasy food covered what was happening .
an image of clear gray eyes and the scent of peaches made him tense , looking around .
he smelled emilys scent .
could emily , with her intoxicating scent that went straight to his balls , be the one mentioned in the cursehe wonderedmight this year be different ?
* * * the smell of peaches and sunshinecolins head snapped up , inhaling deeply , he remembered her scent , it invaded his senses .
the woman had no idea how mesmerizing he found her , even now , surrounded by dirt and stone , he could faintly smell her scent .
the scent of peaches and sunshine warming his frozen heart .
feeling her clench her thighs tighter around him , the beast rumbled , ready to take her as he carried her to the bed , laying her down on the sheets , not breaking contact , skin to skin , scents intermingling as the silvery air grew brighter around them , a low hum reverberated around the room , seeming to come from nowhere , everywhere , as he ground into her , feeling her wetness against his thigh .
they d visited the orangerie earlier that morning , enjoying the humid air , the orange blossoms filling the air with a wonderful scent .
remembering a few weeks before she left for this trip , walking through a department store , catching the scent of white shoulders perfume ; she did nt know they still made it but immediately could see her grandmother , full makeup on , clothes and hair done , perfume wafting around herat the breakfast table .
remembering a few weeks before she left for this trip , walking through a department store , catching the scent of white shoulders perfume ; she did nt know they still made it but immediately could see her grandmother , full makeup on , clothes and hair done , perfume wafting around herat the breakfast table .
or one time in the airport , waiting to board her flighta guy walked by who smelled like rainbath shower gel and in that instant she was transported back to school , sitting next to a boy she was crazy about who always smelled of that particular shower gelhe turned out to be less than desirable but to this day , she recognized the scent anywhere .
the room smelled of abigail , it was overpowering , not the fresh scent of sunshine and peaches like emily .
a carpet of green grass appeared filled with all types of flowers , the scent filling the room .
that was when the perfume began to fall .
there was no perfume or potpourri .
i touched the dimple on his cheek , and he smiled , kissed my hand , his rough beard scratching my tender inner wrist like a burning perfume .
he pulled her to him again , buried his face in the cool , smooth flesh of her neck and inhaled her intoxicating scent .
lucy was suddenly torn from the wondrous scent of the cake , her attention splintered off in a million directions .
she turned and breathed in the scents : designer clothes , italian leather , silk , egyptian cotton .
but then gabriel pulled out from the take out bag something wrapped up in aluminum foil , and as he unwrapped it , steam rose into the air and the rich scent of garlic bread engulfed her senses .
there was the kiss : the feel , the taste and scent of that memory , when gabriel had held her and kissed her in front of his entire family .
the effort she put into choosing the right outfit , shoes , makeup and what earrings shed wherethe same pair she had on last night the same perfume toosaid she was way too eager to see him again .
but just being so close to gabriel , having his lips so close , his scent enveloping her senses so completelyand he should nt have been teasing her like that !
the scent of the little humans blood wafted up and made delias mouth water .
when she finally navigated her bony ass out through the too narrow doorway , followed closely by a swirling fog of cheap perfume , the spell was broken .
chapter 33 on an ordinary day , he would have noticed the scent of the perfume shed always worn ; he might even have recognized the smell of the woman herself .
chapter 33 on an ordinary day , he would have noticed the scent of the perfume shed always worn ; he might even have recognized the smell of the woman herself .
its scent was familiar , coppery and warm .
the sound of a babys cry finally penetrated my fried brain , and my mouth watered at the tantalizing scent of blood .
well done , i said and inhaled the delicious scent of witch blood .
i inhaled sharply and wished i did nt , as the sweet scent of babies assaulted me .
i asked sweetly and inhaled the sweet scent of blood .
but for now , it was sunny , almost hot , but there was a weird glint in the sunlight , or perhaps a strange scent in the air that put angelo on edge .
it was the scent of old spice and burnt tobacco leaves .
in a matter of minutes a blazing campfire lit up the crevice and filled the night sky with the sweet scent of wood smoke .
the scent beneath the beamed rafters was of age and sawdust .
i inhaled the rich scent of the boar and smiled .
the scent of fresh leather filled the air around him and jack guessed he was probably the local tanner .
* * * a strong scent of leather filled the air .
the sweet scent of an oncoming summer rain eased its way inside her car .
the suffocating aroma of cigarette smoke fought with her grandfathers stetson and susans perfume which was some weird floral scent .
the suffocating aroma of cigarette smoke fought with her grandfathers stetson and susans perfume which was some weird floral scent .
heather could smell the lingering sweet scent of angels sweat as she got off of her .
it was a disturbing scent stinking of both her and heathers blood ; a witching formula made of death and menstrual blood and blended with fragrant white cream of warm female sex .
the scent on her fingers reminded her how badly she wanted heather that night , and all of the wild fuck sessions with ron .
he did as she said and then she straddled him ; unleashing her female charm onto him , and a sweet feminine scent from between her legs that made him slide with ease deep into her , feeling the sensation of warm female parts for the first time .
the scent of her sex and girl hygiene products acted as an aphrodisiac .
the faded scent of fresh paint hung in the air .
he went in to the darkened office , and sat in her chair , relishing her scent in it .
my nostrils are clogged with so many dark scents that i could not possibly prise them apart .
there was the scent of a familiar perfume and tom recognized lyn , his landlords niece , dressed in business casual .
there was the scent of a familiar perfume and tom recognized lyn , his landlords niece , dressed in business casual .
he slipped past the blonde , close enough to smell her perfume .
something slithered unseen from beneath the lush potted shrubbery , drawn to the young man by his body heat and the intoxicating scent of mating lingering on his skin .
he could smell her perfume and taste her lips .
yes , he d stood in the middle of a burning village ; he d smelled the sweet , cloying scent as children boiled in the conflagration .
rolling her eyes , micah followed the scent of coffee to the kitchen where garrett was seated at the small round table , paging through the newspaper .
micah hugged him , inhaling the comforting scent of his cologne .
it sank like the much - loved piece of furniture it was , and i lay my head back , closing my eyes and inhaling the scent of eucalyptus .
she smelled of perfume , some floral scent that hovered around her and reminded me of wildflowers growing thick together .
she smelled of perfume , some floral scent that hovered around her and reminded me of wildflowers growing thick together .
the scent of cooked spaghetti lingered in the kitchen .
the grass had been recently cut and the scent was on the air as she rolled down the window .
the sun soothingly laps me dry after the hard climb and all i can smell is the dull , pungent scent of my own sweat .
` ` you had stolen my perfume and my .. '' he stopped at here .
i m a little drunk and this would nt be a good time , the cinnamon scent was making him feel strange , he shook his head to clear it .
the room was filled with the scent of stew : venison and mushrooms .
he rocketed in and angled his body for the final grab but his bare feet slid on the perfume soaked tiles with enough inertia to throw him into the wall before rolling in the glass .
his scent had been earthy with a hint of spice that had stoked her with an uncommon and uncomfortable longing .
his scent was as warm as the music and she hungered to taste his lips again .
she caught a whiff of rachels florid perfume and heard her fingers as they lightly brushed the wood .
as the stars shimmered like diamonds on black satin , the air grew more pungent with the cloying scent of potions .
angelina , blanketed by a veil of melancholy and dread over leaving her auntie behind , felt her heart lift at the scent and sensation of her older sisters nearness .
wrapped in rachels natural scent , she sought comfort in the privacy of her bedroom .
today , she could still smell angelinas soft scent and rachel tasted the fear as she raised her hand to rap lightly on the door .
the scent forced her to wonder what it was like to fall into his strong arms , to feel his full lips on her mouth , on her nape , on her breasts .
rachel remembered how the men had reluctantly confessed in succinct detail the whirlwind sensations of tangible fear entwined with frenzied lust that had emanated from angelina like perfume .
such daydreams drove him , as did the shape and scent of the trees , the appeal of nature , its beauty , and wilderness freddy thought that he would never know anything other than how he lived then .
a heady mixture of blood , sweat , perfume , alcohol and power filled the air , guaranteed to intoxicate most thrill - seekers and more than a few vampires of the younger lineages .
the scent of perfume drifted in , a soft aroma which he recognized , although he could not place why .
the scent of perfume drifted in , a soft aroma which he recognized , although he could not place why .
her scent surrounded him in the cold air , and her coal - black eyes held his and for a moment he saw salvation .
richard noticed that her legs had recently been shaven and the scent of perfume .
richard noticed that her legs had recently been shaven and the scent of perfume .
the earliest ones were : use of his mothers perfume , bed - wetting and , out of fear of the dark and love of her , sleeping with his mother during his fathers long absences .
as the elevator sank to the cafeteria floor he hoped she did nt notice his effort not to breathe in her musky perfume , like the glandular emission of some nocturnal carnivore .
he saw her as shed been on that identity - photo , for of course if only for the sake of the clients shed wear something less extreme , tone down the make - up , omit perfume , junk most of the jewelry , inject a little of the old sweetness into her discourse .
her face was still radically done up and shed made no concessions regarding dress , costume - jewelry and perfume .
despite everything neckline , cigarettes , perfume and forwardness shed preserved a sizable part of her basic innocence after all .
in the back seat next to her the odor of her perfume and sweating body built up .
he said shed done well to have stopped , also the perfume and the make up , she was far prettier , far more real with her real face .
before she came within ten feet of him they smelt her sweet scent .
yes , please , and please keep the door open , the smell of perfume from the previous candidate is too strong in here .
there must be a jasmine growing nearby and the breeze must be blowing the scent over , he said .
he knew well the scent of her perfume and the taste of her lipstick .
he knew well the scent of her perfume and the taste of her lipstick .
above all there came to his nostrils the scent of summer , the smell of flowers mingled , and the odour of the woods , of cool shaded places , deep in the green depths , drawn forth by the sun 's heat ; and the scent of the good earth , lying as it were with arms stretched forth , and smiling lips , overpowered all .
above all there came to his nostrils the scent of summer , the smell of flowers mingled , and the odour of the woods , of cool shaded places , deep in the green depths , drawn forth by the sun 's heat ; and the scent of the good earth , lying as it were with arms stretched forth , and smiling lips , overpowered all .
for many an hour i strayed through the maze of the forest , turning now to right and now to left , pacing slowly down long alleys of undergrowth , shadowy and chill , even under the midday sun , and halting beneath great oaks ; lying on the short turf of a clearing where the faint sweet scent of wild roses came to me on the wind and mixed with the heavy perfume of the elder , whose mingled odour is like the odour of the room of the dead , a vapour of incense and corruption .
for many an hour i strayed through the maze of the forest , turning now to right and now to left , pacing slowly down long alleys of undergrowth , shadowy and chill , even under the midday sun , and halting beneath great oaks ; lying on the short turf of a clearing where the faint sweet scent of wild roses came to me on the wind and mixed with the heavy perfume of the elder , whose mingled odour is like the odour of the room of the dead , a vapour of incense and corruption .
` ` certainly ; you do n't suppose that evil spirits are frightened by bits of ribbon , or the perfumes of a druggist 's shop ?
a slight scent of decay permeated the air .
the scent of incense filled famines nostrils with a pungent odor .
the pervasive stench of death blotted out the once fragrant scent of the high desert .
the pain that bled out of every pore of her skin was like a perfume , filling the room , making it difficult to breathe , making the silence oppressive .
her perfume was very strong and smelled of flowers and laundry detergent .
the snake flicked its tongue and tasted their scents .
a whimper sounded in his throat as he leaned forward , breathing in the scent of her .
chariah could smell the dreams of his enemy from afar , and as he breathed in their mixture of perfume and decay , the very dreams of the oneirophage from the night before played in his brain .
chariah swallowed the tiny bead of liquid amethyst , which tasted at once like perfume made from milk and wine made from roses , and then the necrodelic found himself rising through the astral plane , with the purple droplet inside him the way he had been inside the soul of mother chaos , and the hypnotic instructions of mother chaos inside the purple droplet the same way ; a womb within a womb within a womb .
chariah hunted with deliberate strides , a black lion stalking his victim , ashes filling his pumping lungs as he began to breathe faster , inhaling the raw heat of hell and the scent of its fires , of immolated flesh and wet ensanguined smoke , deeper and deeper with each quickening breath , delivering him into a trancelike state of tranquil necrodelia as he accelerated to greater and greater speeds across the plains .
as he journeyed through the spiral maze , there were also several plants and flowers which he had not formerly perceived as drugs , but when he ate them , or lit them and inhaled their perfumes , he discovered that they really were and always had been .
mother chaos flew to the necrodelic then , for he had penetrated the astral plane with his physical body , and alighted on his lap , perfume mingling with smoke , damson lips kissing black .
he breathed in the perfumes of burning drugs as the gardens blazed all around him and all across the planet , and relaxed .
honeysuckle blossoms sent their perfume into the early morning air .
the petals were gone , not a trace of the flowers remained , except for the scent which was so strong her eyes began to water .
she coughed as the scent permeated her throat and burned .
she held the ladder for support as the scent surrounded her again , making her feel dizzy and nauseous .
it was a bottle of opium , the recognizable oriental - spiced perfume that some might consider to be an unusual gift for a young woman .
its warm scent brought about a subliminal framework of a sexy red for him .
amber did n't find the perfume to be unusual .
amber finally entered the kitchen , all dolled up for christmas morning with a generous spray of her opium perfume .
how dare amber wear mother 's perfume ?
aside from amber wearing mother 's perfume , paulette had to endure eating the so - called christmas omelet that included mushrooms .
the sky clouded over and the threat of rain was carried on the wind with that scent which is well known to those of us living in the flatter regions of the world .
the smell of her perfume filled my nose .
the bright lights assaulted my eyes and the mixed smells of gasoline from outside and bored sweaty employees inside gathered into that strange perfume which accompanied late night road trips all over the continental u.s .
without warning cool air which carried the scent of the ocean surged into my lungs and i coughed and gasped deeply .
as they burned i could smell the scent of magnolias permeating from the burning wax .
she spritzed my neck and wrists with a floral perfume .
the scent of magnolias from the candles filled the hall like the last .
every breath i took in was filled with the scent of his aftershave .
they brought me to this room and these three woman creatures with black eyes cleaned me up , forcing me into this gown and covering me in makeup and perfume .
the scent of magnolias still radiated from the candles , the art was still beautiful .
a scent of coffee hung in the air .
her perfume was vitalizing .
the smell of her exotic perfume , coupled by her warm body , aroused his senses .
he had the unpleasant odor of dead fish , a salty , dank scent .
first the island : the overpowering fish - salt scent .
secondly there was richard , who by no fault of his own , smelled of daily bathing in the island 's foul scent .
from behind me i could hear the solid slaps of the monster 's feet against the cobblestones ; could smell the scent of his fur on the light wind that shifted through the plaza .
her softness , her scent , the way she always seemed in bloom .
getting out of the car , i saw the green gardens filled with hostas and felt the early dew already clinging to the lawn , a deep earthy scent hung in the air choking me .
where our townhouse smelled of whatever scented candles we were burning , this massive place smelled of wood , leather , and some attic - library - like scent that i could nt name .
i inhaled deeply ; noting the rich scent of cigars seemed to cling to the freshly painted walls .
i brought the candles they requested and hoped the spirits did nt mind the scent of vanilla bean .
the only thing that was familiar was the scent of vanilla bean left over from the candles .
the scent of a centurys worth of sunlight baking the old wood was oddly comforting .
it came to me in a jarring flash , the thick scent of roses in the air and heavy metal pruners in my hand .
i breathed in the early evening air , pungent with the scent of the roses and summer honeysuckle .
jonah leaned even closer ; i could smell the earthy scent of the water on him and feel his steamy breath on my cheek .
the wind whipped around me , carrying the faint scents of late summer like drying leaves and dying grass .
he was breathtaking to look at , his skin so detailed i could almost make out a faint stubble on his cheek and all about him clung the faint scent of the outdoors , tinged with a slight aroma of honeysuckle .
i could smell the scent of summer about him , noticing how it shifted from sun and honeysuckle to the clean smell of rain .
he stopped and glanced over at me again , i could smell your perfume as you walked past .
i fought the urge to bury my face in his chest and inhale the scent of his skin .
i could smell the scent of mints on his breath and the woodsy scent of his aftershave on his jaw .
i could smell the scent of mints on his breath and the woodsy scent of his aftershave on his jaw .
i was so close to him then , near enough that if i inhaled deep enough i could smell a faint trace of his own personal scent , a mix of honeysuckle , grass , and leather .
i was just about to run after him when someone stepped up behind me in a cloud of suffocating perfume .
and there was a gentle sent of jasmine in the air , which was lorindas favorite scent .
thensuddenly all was quiet , the only scent i could smell was that of my own unpleasant sweat , as my clothing was soaked with it .
he sprayed the kitchen with glade until it reeked of artificial pine scent .
i held her a moment , breathing in the delicate fragrance of her perfume .
i wrapped my arms around the bareness of his upper body , breathed in the scent of his skin .
he breathed in the scent of my skin , the way you get a last breath of oxygen before diving into the depths .
jason put his face next to my neck and breathed in the scent of my skin again , as if he needed another hit .
i felt him use that touch and scent to help his voice be calm when he said , we wo nt leave tomorrow , but beyond that ill have to see .
i can control my face , my eyes , my body , my voice , but jason , i do nt know how to control the scent of my skin , or the speed of my pulse .
i want to drown in the scent of your skin , the taste of your body .
i breathed in the scent of his skin .
i buried my face in his chest and neck , breathing deep of the scent of him .
jason cradled my face against his chest , pressed me to the scent of his skin underneath the t - shirt .
i had woken up with the perfume of someones skin against mine before , but never a scent i did not know .
i had woken up with the perfume of someones skin against mine before , but never a scent i did not know .
now , jason smells like he has your touch like a perfume against his skin .
the momenthe touched me the scent of jasmine faded , like perfume when you come into a room , and the woman who wore it has just left .
the momenthe touched me the scent of jasmine faded , like perfume when you come into a room , and the woman who wore it has just left .
some women are like that ; just their scent can make you walk from room to room until you put a face and body with that perfume .
some women are like that ; just their scent can make you walk from room to room until you put a face and body with that perfume .
about how a womans perfume could lead you from room to room .
the scent of roses was thicker , but underneath that was the scent of jasmine , and that had never been belle 's perfume .
the scent of roses was thicker , but underneath that was the scent of jasmine , and that had never been belle 's perfume .
the scent of roses was thicker , but underneath that was the scent of jasmine , and that had never been belle 's perfume .
then the scent of evil flowers was stronger , like we were bathing in jasmine perfume , but underneath was heat , dry grass , and then lion .
then the scent of evil flowers was stronger , like we were bathing in jasmine perfume , but underneath was heat , dry grass , and then lion .
she smiled , and the scent of roses and jasmine grew stronger .
` ` the roses are your scent , but jasmine is marmee noir , '' i said .
the scent of jasmine and roses began to fade .
the smell of jasmine was everywhere , and the scent of a rain that had fallen on earth thousands of years ago .
the rich scent of coffee was mixed in with other scents .
the rich scent of coffee was mixed in with other scents .
he lifted the cover and the perfume of the coffee filled the room .
i drank in the smoothness of his skin , the sweet vanilla scent of him , but under it all was another sweet smell .
there was a prickling rush of energy and the scent of pine and forest was thick on my tongue .
her perfume . ''
her store is failing by inches , and she weighs too much , but now , on this night of dreams with the moon a bitter blue flood through frost - traced windows , it seems to her that love is still a possibility , love and the scent of summer as he comes ... love would be like the rough feel of a man 's cheek , that rub and scratch and suddenly there is a scratching at the window .
he leaned toward her again , into the sweet smell of her perfume and the sour smell of her tern - fled sweat , leaned toward her until his lips were pressed against the cup of her ear .
ellen carver who picked her nicest clothes out of the boston proper catalogue and wore red perfume when she was feeling amorous and had a funny rhinestone tee - shirt that said queen of the universe ?
he knelt by the woman 's legs , smelling blood and perfume .
how much he 'd scared me i believed he knew for sure that i was still in there some where , and that he was going to follow the smell of my perfume to me like a bloodhound , and i wanted to get out from under the desk and go to him so he 'd kill me quick i wanted to go to him the way the people at jonestown must have wanted to stand in line to get the kool - aid .
if he was able to smell my perfume , he 'd smell fresh urine even quicker .
there were many intermingled scents here .
the big room was filled with the scent of pine and its mellow , varnished glow .
still holding the shirts to her face and inhaling his scent , roberta began to cry again .
then duddits and the khaki interior of the humvee , with its faded scent of surreptitiously smoked cigarettes , was gone .
the air was heavy with the scent of flowers .
a breeze full of night perfumes blew back her hair , and i was n't a bit surprised to see a scar a very old one denting the right side of her head .
i could smell her perfume , something sweet and fresh .
i put my own arm around her and laid my cheek on her shoulder , just breathing in the scent of her .
` ` perfume from the pool would be my guess , '' wireman said .
i breathed in the scent of his skin , and it was all mixed together with the trees and the grass , and the distant scent of water on the summer air .
i breathed in the scent of his skin , and it was all mixed together with the trees and the grass , and the distant scent of water on the summer air .
tonight i had to think myself out of that hot , sweet scent just below his skin .
i buried my face against the warm scent of his neck and let him hold me .
she put on a dab of maddy 's my sin perfume , a little of her mother 's yodora deodorant , and a fresh application of peppermint yum - yum lipstick .
she closed her eyes and immediately the scent of her father 's cologne seemed to drift into her nose .
she bent over the basin , her mouth opening and closing like the mouth of a fish , and lunged into that mossy wellhead perfume .
she knocked two or three of the bottles over dragging the box out , and the air filled with a gagging combination of scents .
as she passed close by , he caught a scent of the cologne she wore .
the fragrance of florence 's perfume drifted over her .
there was a scent of flowers in the air ; roses , she decided .
i was careful not to touch him , but my face was just above his bare arm , just above the skin ; i breathed in the scent of him , deep .
i 'd never met another tiger who could do three colors , let alone four , but there was still that sweet scent of golden power .
i 'd found that all the gold tigers smelled like something sweet to me , under the sweet smell of candy was another sweet scent .
four of my tigers stared up at me , their lips drawn back , to take in the scent of his skin , as deeply as we could breathe it in .
` ` i can still smell the scent of red , and white , and blue ... and something else i ' ve never smelled before .
the moment we stepped inside , the rich , dark scent of coffee was everywhere .
` ` it smells like real coffee , '' i said , pulling nicky with me toward the tempting scent .
i breathed in the scent of the coffee , letting myself close my eyes for a moment and just enjoy it .
i caught the faint musk of wolf like a half - remembered perfume , he was pressed so close .
i felt his chest rise in a long , deep breath , as if he wanted to catch the perfume of my leopard while he could .
i tasted jasmine and rain , and smelled the scent of a long - gone tropical night in a part of the world i 'd never seen , in a city that no longer existed except as sand and a few wind - kissed stones .
the world became darkness , and i was standing in an ancient night with the scent of jasmine thick on the air , and a distant smell of rain .
he was suddenly enveloped in the gagging scent of flowers .
the smell was worse underneath - booze and sweat and the dark brown perfume of decaying leaves .
as she held the flower under their chins , each was conscious of her light touch on their shoulders and the clean scent of her hair .
the heavy perfume of growing things at the height of their spring strut did not quite mask the smell of waste and human offal .
when beverly bent over him , he could smell some light flowery perfume on her .
walking down the third aisle of the stack beneath tin - shaded light - bulbs , smelling the familiar library scents of must and dust and cinnimony , ageing paper , he thought : when i die , i guess i 'll go with a library card in one hand and an overdue stamp in the other .
she could smell gwendolyn chastain 's perfume in the moment before the madwoman 's hands closed around her throat .
it was twilight in that deep part of summer when the fields fill with perfume and queen anne 's lace .
` ` thank you , '' she whispers , and then , leaning close enough so he can smell her perfume - a dreamy scent of wildflowers - she says , ` ` thank you ... bri .
` ` thank you , '' she whispers , and then , leaning close enough so he can smell her perfume - a dreamy scent of wildflowers - she says , ` ` thank you ... bri .
she seemed to catch a faint whiff of perfume as she did it .
the air was full of crazy perfume : spilled booze and burning fox - hair .
he sat up , suddenly aware of the dark , the rain ... and the blessed perfume of open air .
hydrocarbon perfume filled the air .
ben felt sickened by the cloying heaviness of their mixed perfumes , and was reminded of funeral parlors .
i inhaled the scent , and it was bitter enough that i knew it had been on the burner too long , but it was coffee , and i 'd take it .
i drew one of crispin 's hands across my face until i could smell the warm scent of his wrist .
the scent of jasmine choked me .
her anger welled off her like some rich , thick scent , as if her rage would taste better than most .
i gave her a look , and then had to look away , but sight was n't what was sending her anger toward me like some sweet scent .
so afraid , yet it had caught him again , caught him in the desert night under a shine of stars and the sweet scent of naked bodies .
but sometimes you meet a stranger , and from the moment you see him there is a connection , almost a memory , as if that skin , that scent , has been on your sheets before , like an echo .
then i was in a night long ago , with the scent of jasmine and rain on the air .
the scent of jasmine was thick on my tongue .
there was still the scent of flowers , but the rain had gone .
jack stood by his shoulder , very much aware of the scent of ullman 's cologne .
a crumpled sheet of violet ladies ' stationery , a ghost of perfume still clinging to it beneath the musk of age , a note begun and left unfinished in faded blue ink : ` ` dearest tommy , i ca n't think so well up here as i 'd hoped , about us i mean , of course , who else ?
this scent was light and perfumed , a lady 's soap .
` ` i like you , '' she whispered , and he thought that her scent was like lilies , secret and hidden in cracks furred with green moss - places where sunshine is short and shadows long .
the shy scent of lilies drifted up .
it was perfume after the smell of frying grease and stale cigarette smoke .
it was in the parlor that her brother 's coffin had stood on a trestle bedecked with roses , chrysanthemums , and lilies of the valley , their dry perfume filling the room while in the corner the poker - faced clock kept its place , ticking and tocking off segments of time in a dry age .
there was desert perfume on it , the kind you can only smell clearly at night .
later , while he was on the borderline of sleep , she had drawn close to him and once again he had been able to smell her sachet , a more expensive version of scent his mother had always worn when they went out to the movies , and she had murmured the thing that had jerked him back from sleep and had kept him awake for another two hours : you wo n't leave me , will you ?
he could smell at least three different kinds of perfume , and under all of them the unlovely aroma of her sweat .
he could smell her secret clean scent , and he wanted her .
there was a sweet smell to her , perfume maybe , or maybe just her own smell , that seemed like a told secret that bursts , revelative , on the listener .
somehow they got there , and then they were tangled up there , and her hair had come loose and flowed over her shoulders ; her perfume seemed everywhere .
horses , grass , a dizzying scent of raw meat ; dust ; the clear air itself .
the warm , drifting air of the territories patted his face with the gentlest , most fragrant of touches - its own delicate and flowery scent quite distinct beneath the stronger odor of raw meat it carried .
the cloying scent of cologne filled jack 's nose .
it was clean - no taint of rotted perfume , no feeling of corruption , just clean dampness and the unmistakable scent of salt .
it was clean - no taint of rotted perfume , no feeling of corruption , just clean dampness and the unmistakable scent of salt .
after midnight the train began to hum through stands of trees - most of them were evergreens , and their piney scent , mixed with the salty tang in the air , seemed to cement the connection between this place he was coming to and the place from which he had set out .
he wore some kind of scent ... cologne , i suppose , but it really smelled stronger than that .
i buried my face against the scent of leather and him .
i knew now that it was only partially him , that some of that sweet scent was bath products and cologne , but the scent he wore did n't smell so lusciously of vanilla on anyone else 's skin .
i knew now that it was only partially him , that some of that sweet scent was bath products and cologne , but the scent he wore did n't smell so lusciously of vanilla on anyone else 's skin .
one of those tricks of skin chemistry that changes the scent of the really good perfumes .
the scent of their skins had mingled into a rich perfume that tightened my body .
the scent of their skins had mingled into a rich perfume that tightened my body .
i smelled jasmine and summer rain , and other scents of a land that i had never seen except in vision and dream .
the scent of jasmine and rain was thick on my tongue .
but nathaniel was too close , and the scent of his skin too real .
i draped an arm around his neck and breathed in the scent of him .
soap , shampoo , the hair - care product , but underneath that was me , my skin , my scent .
he drew a sharper breath , cupping his hand against my skin so the scent blew back into his face .
he drew it in as if it were the sweetest of perfumes ; wolf .
i was drowning in the taste of his mouth , the scent of his skin .
i breathed in the scent of his neck , so precious to me .
i tried to think past the ardeur , past the feel of his body against mine , tried to think past the warm scent of his skin .
closing my eyes did n't take away the feel , the weight , the scent of his skin , and of what lay so close under all that flesh .
i buried my face against the curve of his neck and drew in the scent of his skin .
i could suddenly smell their skin , half a dozen different perfumes , someone 's sweet shampoo , the sharp scent of cigarettes , aftershave .
malcolm thought of his congregation , and just like that we had images to go with the scents and tactile explosion in our heads .
what we gave him back was the scent of their skin , the finger brush along a collar , a dozen different aftershaves , twenty different perfumes , from powdery sweetness to an herbal cleanness that was almost bitter .
` ` i can smell the edge of it , it 's as if love had a scent . ''
i was drowning in the scent of rain and jasmine .
i could smell faint perfume .
he was never after her at night anymore , and while that was something of a relief ( sex was just as her mother had told her it would be , nasty , brutish , sometimes painful , always humiliating ) she had also smelled perfume on his collar from time to time , and that was not a relief at all .
she could even have ignored a third factor : at about the same time the pawings had stopped and the perfume smells had begun , old charlie estabrooke had retired from the post office and a woman named nancy voss had come up from the augusta post office to take his place .
the methodist parsonage had been full of books since time out of mind c some were detective book club and reader 's digest condensed books from which a clear scent of mold arose when you opened them ; others had bloated to the size of telephone books when the pipes in the parsonage burst in 1947 , but most were in surprisingly good condition .
now he was a man who would happily don an indian pump which weighed almost half as much as he did himself and lug it on his back all night , breathing smoke the way some men breathe the perfume on the nape of a beautiful woman 's neck , fighting the flames until the skin of his cheeks was cracked and blistered and his eyebrows were burned clean off .
billy lay beside her , liking the feel of her heat , liking the smell of her perfume c anais anais c mixed with her clean sweat and the smell of their sex .
lightning bugs flickered across the dark , and the masses of honeysuckle clinging to gary 's fence filled the hot night with its cloying , heavy scent .
but all that was here was that faint , dying perfume .
the wind brought with it the scent of surrounding pine trees .
i could smell my daughter 's scent , and in a perverse way , i wanted it .
there was a quiet rustle from the back of the truck , and then , shortly , anna was beside me , out of breath and smelling like perfume .
even with the day 's incredible events , jared could n't help but take in the sweet scent of her hair .
a strong scent of juniper filled the air .
when they had been together in the new forest sect , he had been so calm , so wise , had exuded soft words and subtle scents .
that mauve dress with a silver belt , her heavily lacquered hair , a waft of a familiar perfume they could n't name , round beady eyes shaded in blue , her tight , no nonsense mouth .
area 1 you see smoke trailing up into the sky and over the next hill wafts the scent of salted pork and mutton being roasted over fire .
there was a soft waft of some expensive perfume coming from her .
she was wearing a light perfume , which i appreciated .
at the entrance to the pavilion , the scent of the flowers mixed with the woody smell of the ceiling and rafters .
honey value is measured in dollops and scents !
a dollop is self - explanatory ; a scent of honey is one hundredth of a dollop , an amount that is just big enough to be detected by a bee such as louie sniffing around .
so when louie heads off for a long flight , the cost of fuel can be as much as two dollops and fifty scents .
louie is the governor of the bank where dollops and scents are stored .
notes and coins replace the need to carry dollops and scents of honey to pay for things .
insects could redeem notes and coins for dollops and scents at the reserve bank as required .
coins were lavender seeds and thus conformed to the concept of a scent .
a butterfly can receive a complete wash , shampoo and set for one dollop and fifty eight scents .
oh no , louie has a team of ten ants that do all the work for him and they are paid dollops and scents of honey per hour for their effort .
virgil blue at a cost of three dollops and fifty scents per hour will happily fly with the ten ants onboard to wherever louie might direct for a picnic .
how can we pay the ten ants and other service providers if we have to waste dollops and scents on this nonsense ? ! !
white ant excavators had expertly created the underground vaults where the dollops and scents were stored in large quantities .
louie and arnold proceeded to the vaults to inspect the store of dollops and scents .
arnold reassured louie that the oldest dollops and scents were being issued first .
louie would always thoroughly check them before phoning arnold at the bank and arranging for delivery of dollops and scents on thursday - payday .
louie paused for a moment and felt slightly guilty that his first consideration had been for the dollops and scents when the most important thing was that arnold and the tellers were at the bank unaware of the situation .
there was still the issue of al spider and the gang eventually arriving at the bank and stealing the dollops and scents .
the dollops and scents stored in the reserve bank were essential to keep the western insect economy going through the coming winter months .
it was of serious concern that if al spider and the valley barn gang got hold of the dollops and scents in the reserve bank , the dollops and scents could end up as being toxic assets and throw the whole western insect economy into depression .
you may wonder how on earth it could be that a no smoking sign was on , let alone be even necessary , when virgil was in fact refuelling with dollops and scents of honey .
louie knew pearl was right but had procrastinated somewhat in dealing with the subject because of the dollops and scents that it would cost to construct such an escape route .
louie had his governor of the reserve bank thinking - cap on and could see that sir cada would draw out the dollops and scents to pay for the tunnel , then whoever built the tunnel would receive the dollops and scents as payment and put it back in the reserve bank !
louie had stuffed it up earlier because he thought a tax return was something where tax was returned and therefore meant more dollops and scents in the bank .
after all they did nt want to have to part with any more dollops and scents to maintain something that was now apparently useless !
louie , now being a more assertive and confident bee , with lulu by his side , considered the situation and took it upon himself to use some reserve bank dollops and scents to get sparrow construction to build a door at the entrance to the tunnel .
i would need to get approval from pearl to use some of the reserve dollops and scents .
what really worried pearl deeply was that if it eventuated that the reserve land along the stream be turned into a housing development , louies reserve bank would disappear ; the dollops and scents would be gone .
the store of dollops and scents was safe .
the dollops and scents stored in louies reserve bank are safe .
he reaches the first landing and catches a whiff of her perfume , a spicy orange scent that charges through him .
he reaches the first landing and catches a whiff of her perfume , a spicy orange scent that charges through him .
not a specific , put - your - finger - on - it stink , not like she wore too much perfume or used cheap shampoo or even had one of those after - a - workout - sweaty smells .
the mornings spiced with the scent of spring and dampness .
halfway to the door , the thick scent of incense envelops him .
he was acutely aware of her every touch , her closeness , the thick , tangy , sense - dulling smell of her perfume .
the new product that i m raving about is men n mens aftershave for real men , with scents real men can appreciate , and about damn time too !
as she leaned across the table to pour bubbas coffee , the powder or perfume with which she pampered her body sang to foster like a heavenly choir .
juan and willy slumped in the back booth of bess tacos , the restaurant owned by jipson verdugo , juan 's cousin , and in this booth they noticed the effects of the wild weather that night , a mysterious , muddy alphabet smeared on the linoleum floor , the musty scent on the wind of the millions of wet creosote bushes evenly spaced across the southern swath of arizona .
michael lay where he was , comfortable among her sheets , with her perfume and her nightie , discarded some hours before , anticipating cooking smells , dozing , for a good half hour before receiving a kiss on the cheek by way of an apology and the promise , if he d get the shopping , of her famous macaroni cheese .
i hovered my nostrils over the opening , and they were filled with a lovely scent that was both musky and floral .
skin lotion , which apparently had garlic in the ingredients , though not the merest whiff of it could be detected ; only a light and lovely citrus scent .
the next thing i noticed was the scent of jasmine .
then i realized i was not smelling lotus flowers after all ; lotus flowers were abduls favourite and i was just having a scent memory .
it shrank past , reeking of perfume and pernod .
the scent of whiskey was heavy on her breath .
i breathed him in , this indescribably masculine scent that made me wish he had leaned in to kiss me .
the strong scent of her perfume filled my lungs and made me cough lightly into her hair .
the strong scent of her perfume filled my lungs and made me cough lightly into her hair .
the bubbles rose up instantly and the large room filled with the scent of sweet fruit .
an old oscillating fan in the corner swished the scent of my aunts mexican rice and beans around the air .
moos soft floral perfume wafted around me as her soft cheek pressed mine .
the tassels of his blue scarf blew with the cold wind , which pushed the scent of soap from his skin to my nose .
i nodded , breathing in his scent of sweat and aftershave .
a cool wind brought up the familiar scent of sawdust from his dirty sweater .
the scent of garlic and pasta sauce made my mouth water , as did seeing caleb standing in my tiny kitchen just off the doorway .
he probably did nt see anything , but he could have sworn he smelt a very familiar perfume .
he looked at her sister imploringly , before falling at her feet like a suitor allergic to his love 's perfume .
the girl 's perfume , rising from her loins like steam from a volcano , brushed the fine hairs of his nose , a softly buffeting scent that came at him in waves , pulsing from her vagina at each stroke .
the girl 's perfume , rising from her loins like steam from a volcano , brushed the fine hairs of his nose , a softly buffeting scent that came at him in waves , pulsing from her vagina at each stroke .
driving this ventura , pleasantly chilled , in mind as in body , propelled by ice - cream and surrounded by empty space , steeped in the charred perfume of cigarette ash and shaping his arse to an unfamiliar seat , he practised a victory smile , all cheekbones and teeth .
stepping off , they found themselves among perfume and aftershave .
if she sensed any lingering scent from his aftershave , she seemed too preoccupied to notice .
the room filled with a musky scent that burnt the nostrils , like a mix of urinal cakes and bad perfume .
the room filled with a musky scent that burnt the nostrils , like a mix of urinal cakes and bad perfume .
as his nose caught the smell of her perfume he sighed , then he tensed .
he breathed in her perfume and added , ` ` all right , forty points for ' customer focus ' . ''
he turned her wrist and bowed to take in her perfume .
he smiled at her and , with his gorgeous young companion , passed in a cloud of aftershave and perfume .
he tells you what perfume you 're wearing , which is pretty amazing , if you think about it .
the scent of sugared poppies wafts through the door .
they give the breath a most delightful scent . ''
he takes a small crystal - cut scent - bottle from the pocket of his lilac waistcoat and sprays a little perfume under two of his chins .
the neat , green lawns had been particularly immaculate that day , the scent of the roses strongly sweet whilst the water , sparkling like crystal caught in the sunshine , had plashed playfully into the fountains .
he pops a sugared daisy into his mouth , breathes the scent into yo - yo 's face as he kneels down .
the sickly - sweet scent of peppermint wafts up yo - yo 's nose .
gulp the sisters , and promptly disappear in a herbal scent .
and a faint scent of perfumed violets but it is too late .
the tunnel is cramped but at least they do not have to crawl , just follow the path and the scent of sea - air .
every night ali went to sleep with the sweet stink of aftershave , the cheesy smell of sweaty feet , the boiled cabbage scent of stale farts and the aroma of testosterone clogging his nose .
wherever the new scent originated , it was always linked to the ever present base salt note , as has already been mentioned , for mumbai is a city that was physically squeezed out of the ocean , like a constipated cow squeezes out rock - hard excrement .
no , he strode , imperiously , like an eighteenth century explorer , his face uplifted to all the scents , all the sights , all the tangible heavens of india .
leaving behind her a plume of perfume and eroticism , like a steam train pumping out sex pheromones instead of water vapor .
babs was so confident in her domain , she needed only the occasional spray of a good perfume for body armor .
despite the smells of nearly a hundred flapping chickens , the tannic scent of tea still lingered in the warehouse , but not unpleasantly so .
the sweet and spicy scent of perfume mingled with her scent .
the sweet and spicy scent of perfume mingled with her scent .
she leaned in close comingling her scent with his .
he buried his lips in her neck , inhaling the scent of her .
even as their bodies moved together , mixing sweat and her perfume , alec knew once would nt be enough .
chapter six alec woke to the scent of roses and a stiff body .
his lips slid over hers and he breathed in her scent .
the remnants of her perfume made his blood simmer .
everything from her hair to her eyes to her light jasmine scent made him ache .
the moment jaya entered her old office , the smell of perfume assaulted her .
his spicy scent enveloped her and her mouth went dry .
his sandalwood scent enveloped her and she knew she was home .
just past shillings wafted the ever - present , pungent perfume of fish and sea , the land of sailors and shippers , the moors .
the scent of fresh flowers permeated the air and the chatter of upper crust communication echoed about the vaulted chamber .
not that a flea could have survived more than a few seconds in the suffocating aura of perfume that surrounded her petite frame .
the white statues stood nearly twelve feet tall , and were infused with malodorous scents .
with the air now ripe with the burned scent of ozone , the electrical engine moved into mechanical tachycardia .
the scents were getting so strong , so sweet .
a scent that made my fangs dig into my gums .
i rested my head against the pillow and closed my eyes , imagining i was in shadows arms again , inhaling his exotic scent , feeling his flawless marble skin beneath my cheek .
there were countless scents in the air , but i was able to effortlessly detect an anomaly .
smell it , my child , smell the glorious scent of sacrifice .
i buried my face in her dark , golden hair and allowed her scent and warmth to soothe the confusion and betrayal festering in my soul .
he was so obsessed with his love for his sister that he was starting to see her face , her look , even smell her perfume , everywhere he went .
and behind them the smoke and scent of barbequed rotten fish and spicy chicken rises , whetting the appetites of all .
after several minutes of admiring the rising moon along the shoreline and breathing deep the scent of the ocean , ethelene cut the steering wheel hard to the left , downshifted and executed a tight turn into the dunn 's river falls parking lot .
the scent of eucalyptus , a reliable source of soothing comfort during visits to southern california , mingled with the fresh hillside breeze .
it was like she had noticed some sort of odd scent in the air .
unbeknown to knocke , the word orgasm was her preferred word in the dictionary , a word that triggered thoughts of soft touch , delicate flowers , melting sensations , elegant perfume such as nina riccis lair du temps , her favorite , and feminine realities well beyond the normal assumptions of those who knew her .
the woman in pink suit approached lanai , and clarity smelled her perfume for the first time as the elony spokesperson walked in front of her , leaving her cell phone on the round table of the learjet .
it was chanel number five , clarity was sure of that , a scent developed by master perfumer ernest beaux for gabrielle ' coco ' chanel , which included the smell of rose , jasmine , orris - iris - root and natural musks .
cynthia had introduced her to the famous perfume , and she had never considered buying it on her own due to the expensive price , but the scent was unique , and she remembered it well .
drades senses had been flooded by the glow of a thousand candles , the scents of cookings and roastings which had gusted towards him , the din and clatter of eatings , and chatter which had bombarded his ears and the warmth of innumerable handshakes and embraces as he had been tugged and pushed and pressed and prodded towards the centre of the swarming multitude .
ely blossomed in the sunshine and drade fancied he caught the faintest scent of summer in the air , carried past him by a light breeze .
the flower 's release their scent slowly .
she noticed there was no taste in his mouth or scent on his breath other than a nearly imperceptible metallic tang .
on closer inspection they saw she was quite worse for wear , reasonably well dressed , with a feint odour of sweet and sickly perfume mixed with the staleness of a dank ashtray .
having arranged to meet siddhartha at one of the round tables after her shift , darling showered , taking great care not to wet her hair , and then changed into something enticing but conservative , adding a couple of bursts of sweet perfume .
there was nothing he enjoyed more than strolling along the promenade admiring the ferraris and lamborghinis , bumping into rich acquaintances , comparing notes on the latest tendencies in nautical engineering , wallowing in the lingering scents and designer clothes of his kind of people .
he stood so close to her , she had to start breathing through her mouth so shed stop his personal scent of light musk from tingling in her nose .
then he walked away , leaving his particular light musk scent dancing in selenas nose .
i can even smell her scent .
` ` i like that scent too . ''
mel inhaled delicately behind his masters back , admiring the richness of the fragrance , a much deeper scent than the same flowers growing in his own back garden .
the inside had that new car smell plus the thick , earthy scent of fine leather .
i felt the weight of his head on my shoulder and , frozen for the most part , i slowly turned until my nostrils met up with the pungent scent of whatever goop he applied to the few hairs he combed over his prematurely receding hairline .
the sudden whiff of her perfume caught his nasal passage , and like a patriot missile , it simply disposed of his scud .
just as dave caught the whiff of perfume , he saw the immediate mellowing of patsys face , which went from the look of the prosecutor to the look of the prosecuted .
looking up and relaxing his angry stance , the fresh scented perfume was emanating from the gorgeous maria , who s beauty was hidden by a distinct look of feisty .
the aroma of bacon mingled with her perfume .
a subtle musky scent wafted in reubens direction .
the scent of newly mown grass filled the air .
her perfume was delicious and her hand was soothing .
an aroma of aftershave mingled with heady floral perfume .
poprika combines the spiciness of paprika and the seductive scent of a genus of poppy .
from somewhere , i smelled a spicy scent that wafted past , and made me especially glad , if not downright smug , about finding this delightful corner of vancouver .
on christmas day walter walked in and inhaled deeply appreciating all of the wonderful scents that filled the air .
i am seven again and can almost smell the chalk , the stale milk , and miss goldfields perfume .
the blind guy did nt know much about her ass and legs , but he knew her opium perfume , which he sensed fifty yards away , and which resulted in a big smile on his face .
i am just going to have to be extra careful that i do n't catch the sweet scent of anything papaya , mango , or potato .
when i first opened my case , i usually stopped to inhale the scent of the warm old blue velvet , and the sweet odor of slide oil , but i did n't that day as i felt nervous .
the grove was in full late winter bloom and hud set the window ventilator to wide open to scoop the scent of the orange blossoms into the cab .
a light , warm breeze blew out of the northwest , bringing the scent of the lagoon up to the people on the covered bridge .
she breathed in again , concentrating on the scent .
with her eyes tight shut , she allowed herself to enjoy the light scent the air held .
for the first time , i inhaled her scent and ran my fingers through her chestnut hair , clutching gently , not wanting her to pull back .
i wrapped my arms around her as she held on to me , both of us lost in the moment , exploring a new mouth , a new scent , new sensations , and each other close up and tight in .
we did nt really say anything that required a whisper , but i could nt resist whispering in her ear every once in a while because her perfume was so intoxicating , and i liked my nose in her hair .
i leaned forward to whisper her name , when i felt the wash of her breath on my face and the overwhelming blowback of that sweet scent of a cabernet .
she turned to me , and her face was so close i could smell her perfume .
steam billowed out from under the train , engulfing the seats in a fog scented with valentino perfumes .
the ps , on stage , doing their gopher thing , in their element , loving their lives in charleston , noticed the two guys coming down the aisles , and went out to meet them , dressed in leotards , naked from the waist up , smelling strongly of scents halfway between perfume and cologne .
it can be the little things , the sunlight in the trees , the scent of the forest , the sounds of bubbling water , the sight of wild creatures , etc . , etc . , and , of course , the spell of wispy , grey clouds full of geese blasting by , which makes our outdoor experiences so grand .
he also noticed that she smelled nice , similar to the standard vanilla - strawberry stripper scent , only more elegant .
the cafe was dark and a little stuffy , smelling of butter and lard and , strangely , those annoying perfume samples in magazines .
my leg was caught under the seat as his face came kissing close , his breath smelled like rubber being burned in a vat of medieval sewagea scent that would later be bottled and sold on the black market .
off come the infidelish tuxedos , and on go the noble attire of turbans , robes , and camel scent .
the cool evening breeze and its refreshing salty scent , mingled with the tantalizing aroma of freshly brewed beans , calmed connors spirit slightly .
her flowery scent and luscious lips intoxicated him .
connor marvelled at kristins womanly scents , wildflowers mingled with oranges .
he went back to his chopping , and got back to wondering about the womans underwear and her perfume .
never before had a woman dressed in black , wearing opium perfume , sneaked into his house in the middle of the night , holding a walther pps .
she made allowance for the fact that he had been up since 3:45am , and for the fact that he had spent several hours staring at the beautiful woman , bound in a chair , sitting in her underwear in the kitchen , mixing the smell of her fabulous perfume with that of $ 30 - a - pound kenyan coffee .
that was when he spent part of the interrogation time trying to ascertain whether the woman sitting in front of him in her black italian underwear was wearing perfume or not .
she had n't worn scent .
he brushed his nose softly against mine and inhaled my scent .
in my search of never ending newness , why am i foolishly impatient to know more about the new restaurants in town , new movies , new garment stores , new perfumes , new electronics and new hill stations ?
52 - mon ' anime ' ( how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) escaping the torrential rain outside , kourano burst into the room , a room dark , dank , forbodeing .
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
you delighted in the armpit - like scent that lingered on your index finger for days .
i m sure your semen has a delicious lilac scent , tom .
the first thing that struck me about her before i even saw her was her perfume .
it had an overwhelmingly feminine scent to it , a fragrance mixed with an impossible combination of sugary flower and sweet fruit that i had never smelled before .
at that moment , i was the best man i could possibly be , and the next moment was to bend over and smell a body spray that kristen offered and give her my thoughts on that sweet , flowery scent .
chapter 13 i woke up this morning wrapped in the scent of jack .
i let his crisp scent lull me into dreams of me having my own life .
i inhale her watermelon scent before letting go .
she was n't sure what a violet looked like , but she tried to imagine the scent of a small purple flower .
hoping she 'd fallen asleep again , he slowly lifted the covers and took in the sweet scent of warm alice .
we gave up on the diaper service after about six months , but kept the stack of diapers , so william grew up nuzzling his face into the shoulder of mom or dad , cushioned by a thick , cotton diaper that smelled fresh with a unique scent that mingled mom , dad , the sitter and the dipe itself .
you smelled my perfume before i got into the kitchen ?
he ca nt smell your perfume , and you ca nt let your dress ride up your leg a little , and you ca nt lean towards him and gesticulate with your mouth the way she can , nodding at me .
then he became aware of a delightfully feminine perfume wafting his way from just behind him .
moreover , his person was emanating a fantastic new male perfume .
gladys had a fresh , country - girl smell -- a bouquet made up of the scent of cayman stables , ivory soap , and of honesty , truth , integrity and purity .
you ' ve all enjoyed the scent of tanneries and breweries , and you ' ve admired the din of hammers on copper and bronze .
my tail and i dragged him through the glass doors to open sky and an explosion of scents .
i sat on a high ridge , wind ruffling my fur , and drew the scent of infinity through my nostrils , and i thought to myself , life can not get any better .
the scent faded , faded , and i started to realize what a hopeless task i had .
decay is a scent so heady , so alluring in its connotations that it is irresistible .
i drew in the scent of diesel and cigarette smoke and fantasized about trotting in and snatching a foot - long hotdog from the rotating rack on the counter .
i pogoed up the front steps on three legs , leaving perfect , flawless prints , each one a portal , releasing the glorious scents beneath : scents of wood and mice and fallen leaves .
i pogoed up the front steps on three legs , leaving perfect , flawless prints , each one a portal , releasing the glorious scents beneath : scents of wood and mice and fallen leaves .
the scent faded , faded behind us as my heart crumbled all over again .
the cowbell clattered while corey was sweet - talking an angry customer , and a gust of wind from outside brought the scent of robyn : flowery shampoo , cinnamon rolls and rage .
once i got my scent normalized and ate an apple strudel off the kitchen table i felt better , and life went on pretty much as before , until the day robyn marched into the shop again .
i drew in the perfume of that child on sniff after perfect sniff .
there was the heavy scent of salt in the air .
the scent of perfume still floated over him , but the girls identity remained a complete mystery .
the scent of perfume still floated over him , but the girls identity remained a complete mystery .
the sizzle of the salmon offered the only sound , a richly decadent dill butter veneer the only scent .
staples closed the door kate got a nose full of his masculine scent .
he had hardly opened his door before noticing a strange scent coming from the kitchen .
chapter three evans motorcycle leathers held a familiar scent .
the scent of lavender floated to his nostrils and dean snapped his fingers .
dean smelled her lavender perfume again and felt the weight of her head on his shoulder .
her closeness and the emanation of her subtle perfume added to his sagging confidence .
xavier seemed to sigh before leaning down and kissing those dark ringlets of hair , his nose buried within and relishing her scent .
i pinched a frond of cedar needles and inhaled the delicious pungent scent .
there was a steering wheel above the gear - shift lever , and dangling above the wheel was a miniature figure of a lobster , half out of its shell and impregnated with some ghastly smelling perfume .
she told him to stay in the taxi at the airport terminal entrance , leaving him behind with a creeping vision of himself , alone in the cold of winter to come , and an evaporating scent of the azure sea , in which he willingly drowned .
when he came home from work , his suit never revealed any creases and his aftershaves scent did not mingle with the smell of cafeteria lunch or bars men would go to after work .
the scent of her perfume lingered in his memory to this day , hovering above him on dismal days like a cloud of missed opportunities .
the scent of her perfume lingered in his memory to this day , hovering above him on dismal days like a cloud of missed opportunities .
it was a blend of the smell of the outdoor patios of chic restaurants and of city parks in late spring , exhaling the scent of soaking plants after a passing shower , which were locked at dusk to bar entry for people who were tempted to seek out a more satisfying environment for their miserable ways .
but there was another scent lingering as well an overpowering rush of sickening sweet lavender .
some stupid little machine was emitting tiny puffs of manufactured fruity scent right next to my ear .
its always been a neat and orderly work place , with warm beaded wood walls , and rich with the scents of breads , cakes , and pies baking somewhere out of sight .
the drifting scents of perfume , incense , cooking grease , beer , and humanity were making my head reel , and my sorry stomach churn .
the scent of his expensive cologne overpowered the stale air in the cave , and his teeth seemed bright enough to guide every last one of us out of a total eclipse .
again , the purple portal opened , but this time with a more genuine , healthy scent , like fresh - spilled grape juice on a woolen carpet .
he chirped to the headstone as he took in the fresh scent of cut grass and viewed the surrounding gardens , eager to start the job at hand .
she 's a pert pretty li'l brown gal , ethereal and wispy , visually awash in a moving cloudsea of hazy perfume , with touches of elliptic swallowing night - light .
pasted hearts on the envelope , pink paper splashed with rose perfume , trademark pheobe schmaltz .
a calmer mood as the air grew neater with the cherished promise of impending spring weather , air heavy with the smell of rain mixed with mud , and all the budding trees shaking off their green outer cases of growing life , the average raman passerby felt lovingly surrounded by nectarous perfumes and rain - washed breezes .
she shrugged , pocketed the catalogue , bought a jigsaw of drer 's st jerome , which she later found had a piece missing , and moved on to a stall laden with a variety of objects and objets d'art , icons ; candles ; joss sticks in scents from amber to ylang ylang ; painted wooden cats ; small wooden statuettes and other tribal carvings , tiny wooden dragon claws vaguely familiar a bowl of coloured gemstones .
the sun was shining , rabbits and squirrels were busy scurrying about for food , birds were perched on the branches singing happily , and to top it all , a light , warm breeze was blowing in from the west , carrying with it a slight scent of the great river that flowed nearby .
many of these celebrations had since been circumvented , of course , and randolphs own now revolved around the seasonal eggnog lattea bizarre concoction that never sold well but at least provided some entertainment for the staff by giving them a new drink to make , and had the further benefit of filling marmucks with the unique scent of steamed nog .
there was no nog in the air that morning yet , though ; indeed , there was hardly any scent at all except for the tiny hint of moisture created in randolphs nostrils as the pure cold he was breathing in mixed with the internal warmth of his body .
he paused for a moment , his voice as absolutely sincere as wilfrida had ever heard it , including those times when he came home smelling of beer and perfume and tried to explain the perfume .
his distaste increased yet further when she was near enough to smell , as she clearly had not bathed in quite some time , and the perfume she wore to mask this somehow only accentuated it .
there was a strong smell of perfume , and v never wore cologne .
there was nothing quite like the fresh scent of a forest while high .
their scents lingered in the air and had been stamped into the ground with every step .
he missed the scents of the plants and the ocean .
the scent of trees and deer drifted in as duke adonis andraste stared out of his window .
her perfume smelled wonderful , like peach cobbler .
she had no make - up on , but i did detect a slight perfume , or deodorant .
suddenly i stopped was i was doing , mid - wing , because i smelled a familiar scent , that of a flowery field .
germaine gives me one last , long dirty look with her beady eyes before sniffing the air around me and spraying the orange blossom scent in my direction and then , she slammed the door hard in my face .
it is the same teen , that was at the dentists and he absolutely reeks to high heaven of the cheap spray scent of which he proceeds to purchase some more of the tinned variety .
rowena finally leads us into paiges office and i feel a bit more on solid ground , so i relax a little and take in the sweet smelling scent of the burning incense sticks , which stand proud on little stands before the big buddha head .
the only thing now that can spoil my night is for charlie to suss that i ve washed blankie and then not settle down at bedtime because of it not smelling like the same putrid scent that s he s so used to .
despite his pleasant scent , i could tell right now that something was a slight bit off .
i was already experiencing sensory overload , so when he rose from his chair and my nostrils caught a wave of his intoxicating scent , it was all just a bit too much .
maybe the expensive perfume was a hallucinogen .
perhaps this was her hex : ruthah : the perfume of immortality .
sucking in a deep breath , i noted a variety of scents .
there was something else too , an enchanting , musky perfume wafted through the air .
i quickened my pace to meet them at the stoplight , hoping it would remain red so i could have a chance to be near them and enjoy more of their perfume .
a twinge of disappointment had me sighing as their scent faded .
i was knocked back against the wall by the perfumes of hundreds of people .
i noticed a particularly pungent odor from him , drastically different than the wonderful perfumes surrounding me .
i caught wind of their scents and breathed in their sweet perfume .
i caught wind of their scents and breathed in their sweet perfume .
i took a deep breath , through my mouth and tasted their musky scent .
i took it greedily , yanking off the top of the container , and inhaled a long whiff of its scent .
pheromones , sweat , and hundreds of perfumes filled my nostrils .
his scent was intoxicating , more so than others in the room : a sultry mix of cologne , sweat , and pheromones .
my mouth watered with anticipation as i filtered through the scents in the air , finding one in particular that enticed me .
i slowly breathed in their perfume as my eyes fixed on the exposed neck of a blonde woman .
citrus with a hint of vanilla : her scent was tantalizing .
i accidentally allowed myself to breathe in his scent .
my throat dried up as the scent teased my hunger , reminding me of my need to hunt for the night .
soft hints of my favorite perfume wafted in from the laundry basket in the bathroom .
i stood for a moment , slowly inhaling and savoring the scents .
i savored the clean scent and creamy texture as i rubbed it into my skin .
faint traces of copper and a hint of lemongrass , my favorite scent , still clung to the area .
the perfume from the oils was heavenly : a beautiful , clean fragrance that reminded me of ocean spray and sitting on the coast at night .
she was close enough for him to smell her perfume , a soft scent of lavender .
she was close enough for him to smell her perfume , a soft scent of lavender .
she simply rested there in the quiet , smelling the sweet - acrid scent of the recently extinguished beeswax candles , lemony furniture polish , pungent incense and the barest hint of the small dishes of flowers that sat on the altar and in front of the statue of the blessed mother .
this section cries out for its own capping logical system , something beyond that sun and snow simultaneously or akemis sweet scent as they slowly peeled off from quarterback and then slowly peeled off tusk .
there was perfume in his boots , and the girls had cds given out by a possibly christian group at the subway station .
their perfume reminded her of spring , warm sunshine and chocolate easter bunnies .
when the paw is rubbed against fabric , like your favorite chair , it releases a scent unique to that particular cat .
intermittently , all you heard was hegggh , hegggh , hegggh while inhaling a potent bleach and pine - sol perfume .
the rose scent is subtle , not cloying like some other roses .
the scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green , which smells like it looks .
the lavender , lemon thyme and basil emit sweet scents that , along with the sound of the softly falling water , induce me into a kind of trance .
jerian hungered for the scents of day , for an end to this oppressive stone , to once more feel grass under his feet .
the grass dragged at his boots , longer and thicker , and the air carried scents not of man but of meadow .
the trees thinned as the distance unrolled and soon he was passing through lush meadow , vibrant greens and scintillating yellows , each of many hues and shades , the billowing grassland awash with scents and blooms , winged insects , the colour - heaped imagines of once lazy caterpillars .
his blood lubricated the blade , aiding its cut , opening the wound to spores of lavender and fennel , perfumes and flavourings whose addition to the remains of jerian went some way to quelling the fervour of those swarming insects whose purpose was to speed the life - cycle within ...
jerian crushed the perfection of grasses as he strode , brushing aside streamers of ivy , plumes of colourful vines whose bulbous fruits were always ripe , florescent walls of greenery from whose generous cups spilled not insects but odours , scents vivid and pungent that gave the hideaway the air of a seraglio , a privileged haven out of which marched a vicious doctrine , a many - toothed ideal of universality , a fear of truth in all its diversity , a shame and a weakness that would destroy before attempting to investigate , that wished to blame and deceive , and which succeeded in creating only hatred .
she raised her arms out like a bird and breathed in deeplythe air smelled of flowers and the breeze from the water carried a myriad of scents that she had grown rather fond of .
the sound of rain thumped its muted beat against the window as the gentle breezes from the distant storm blew in the fresh scent of rain .
i can smell her perfume and feel her soft and his glimmering brown eyes lose focus on anything present in the room .
the savory scents of maries zingy sauce , oven baked rolls , and mozzarella cheese has everyone salivating .
james struggled to resurrect the scent of her , a scent of herbs and earth .
jamie lay on a blanket asleep and rosie , with the hem of her long , full skirt in her hand to make a sack , collected petals of wildflowers all over the hillside and then she stood over jamie and let her skirt fall , and all the petals of wild roses and laurel blossoms fell , burying jamie in softness and scent .
in early march , stillbird could smell the change of the season , a soft humidity in the air , that balmy scent and feel that precedes the last winter storms .
mary remembered back to her garden , how she had planted each thing in its turn and in circles of color and scent , and she missed having a garden and picking her supper fresh .
that s right , said hester , who smiled at mary and loved her ever after because she appreciated the scents of the garden .
and he still had a keen enough nose to relish the odor of manure as well as the sweetness of new - mown hay and the heady perfume of honeysuckle .
the perfume of lilacs was heavy in the air .
lydia closed her eyes and let herself feel the cooling night air , smell the slight perfume of lilacs , hear the late call of a robin off in the distance .
i threw the fork at a bundle , imagining her knees , workin up the hem of her dress that sunday after we come home from her sister junes youngests confirmation over in oakdalewith her in a black dress with a black slip and perfume .
@ and held his finger under lloyd = s nose and the unmistakable scent of vagina wafted off his fingers .
her breath tasted like roses , well roses with a touch of heineken , and he inhaled her whole scent as they continued amashing @ .
they 're all gorgeous , but rain is my favorite scent . ''
the air was sweet with the scent of pine and more faintly of spring flowers .
noah and bob both took much sensual pleasure from the scent of the fresh wood beneath the bark .
he dreamed , as well , the odors of the days work , the sharp acrid odor of the metallic shavings , the smell of the oils he used and the odor of the king , heavy perfume that mingled with but did not disguise the mans sweat whenever he discussed his imagined sexual exploits .
ten september a light rain had begun to fall when the clockmaker arrived at the village of k. the feel of it and the heightened scent of the pine trees helped him see the beauty of the scene in his mind , although oft - times the beauty he imagined exceeded the reality .
the clockmaker was guided onward by the sound of music from a distant house , it was the music of a harp and a human voice and it was sad and lovely and he hurried onward , following his ears and his nose as well for as he came closer he could smell the sweet scent of burning pine .
how different it all was when you bent your back and smelt the unique , inimitable scent of soil .
i slip and fall again into your white arms , white and clean as hotel sheets , holding me in peace , covering my eyes with your forgetful sense , scents , almond sharp sweetness in your subtropical grottos , armpits , crotch , navel , perversely dripping our two sweats into overhung ponds , hot shade , humid dusk .
yes , yes , yes , the drug is fading , patience , i can and will begin again , the effort now is rallying , clocking on from hidden cells , congregating into action , soon , soon , not yet , not now , now i lie with you again my love , lie in your anaesthetic clutch , like mother , soothing my fever , cooling my sweat with your sense , scents , your almond eyes , hazel , the kernel of my memory , as you evaporate in this too bright light too hot , cold morning light .
the door opens to the light and noise of dunkley street , blue - grey cigarette smoke light growing to yellow by the time i get to work , the door banging behind me , packing me off like mother to unwillingly fend for myself among the wool jackets and brown leather shoes , the perfume and hairdoes of a puritanical work ethic .
it was good to breathe again the springtime scents of kalawonta : new grass , cowpats , early brush flowers , eucalyptsnone individually defineda heady holistic aroma .
he picked the scarf up , held it to his face , breathed her scents .
pressing her pillow against his face , perry breathed in the satisfying scent of janes hair , of expensive serums and conditioners used to add sheen , and without thought his hand would drift beneath his waistband .
6.30am every morning she would leave that house and fill the cab with expensive perfume and polite conversation .
he entered the hall to the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle .
she had the scent of peaches about her .
she had on some perfume or soap or something that made her smell like peaches .
hippies and punks with thriftstore clothes and musky scents .
you re dying i fear and you ll be gone from here lost it does not work as you say to die is to lose to be lost you will ride the wind follow scents of memories that are not yours feel emotions not your own feel them so deep it hurts to not be alive you may grow jealous become a tormentor rabid guilty hateful despising the living for their life i remember with each word you write i remember the me that was me with you sebastian i remember tell me of you who are you now what have you been you almost died i watched from here watched the life seep out of you you re losing you but it tied you down with a promise to forget tell me he read it again and again , mouth held by his hand , heart in the other .
the scent of him and the scent of the flower mingled in his lungs and turned to sulphur , muck , tar .
i hugged him and took in the scent hoping it was the same but all i smelt was the cold air .
i sat up and sidled into him , my head on his shoulder , taking in the scent of his armpit , the sweat and musk that saturated every room of his house .
she smelt the same , that rosy perfume smell .
how everything smells a certain way in the rain , even flowers and people , that scent of rain permeates and lives in everything .
thus , when this flower blossoms and starts to increase in size , it starts to emit vibrations instead of a scent , the so - called leptons or gravitons , call them as you like , that is , the energy of love .
he stood before her now , enveloped in her aura of smoke and perfume , his penis shifting uncomfortably in his pocket .
together they rode a bread delivery van as far as sheffield , overcome by scents of cooling dough and chocolate clairs , wrapped in odours of baked freshness , the driver either a jester or a torturer in whatever prior life had qualified him for this existence , as he furnished their rumbling stomachs with nothing more than a goodbye .
leaning back among her siblings ' bronzed limbs and coiling torsos her eyes fell closed and her scent was amplified .
scherzo was undecided whether the gentle air - stream bore the scents of spring or the pungent odour of machine oil .
he recognized the distant belt of a conveyor , the polished robot shoulders that organized its precipitous loading tinted green and blue , the robot yellow - eyed beyond a confused lattice of pipes from whose seams and valves issued clouds of steam the hue and perfume of star corpses .
mineral water dripped endlessly through it , clearing the air with a scent of snow and pine .
the frost and warmth release pine scent .
but i praised her taste and complemented her appearance as she flitted nervously through the house in a delightful cloud of perfume , preparing for her senior prom .
their perfume made her sick .
its clean perfume filled the air .
frank nods yes , makes a three point turn to park his chair next to hers and enjoys the next hour smelling serenas perfume and watching her slim fingers fill in the blanks .
he thought he detected a hint of bareshas perfume , too , and there was definitely some bleach mixed in there .
as they breathed the scent , ziggy said , those are hebrew symbols .
the otherwise air - conditioned room is adrift in smells of little cakes and fancy confections , backed by an undertone of solidly american food like hot dogs , fried chicken , and popcorn , overlaid on the lighter scents of expensive perfume and after - shave .
the otherwise air - conditioned room is adrift in smells of little cakes and fancy confections , backed by an undertone of solidly american food like hot dogs , fried chicken , and popcorn , overlaid on the lighter scents of expensive perfume and after - shave .
time melts away as they embrace in the warm water , enveloped in the misty spray from the waterfall , their senses washed by the sounds and scents of the nearby jungle .
it picks up the barely perceptible scent of cherry blossoms , combining it with the sweet and spicy smells of a mixture of newborn garden flowers , and spreads the smell of spring everywhere .
the scent of mixed garden flowers hangs in the air .
he pushed through the doors of the daily dose and swam in the aroma of coffee , the scent peter felt most defined the goodness of the planet .
there is always a nocturne playing in the background of these dreams and when i wake up , the scent of night flowers has filled the room .
yet , i was wise enough to recognize the early signs of flirtation and where it ultimately misled those who pursued its musty scent .
i could nt be looked upon as a fresh season in rachels life anymore ; the lure of another mans fragrance potentially held the seductive perfumes of promise .
the partys source of comic relief hobbled close enough to my nose that i smelled vodka mixing with a citrus scent on his breath .
i likened it to a scent of stale death mixed with the marshy bog in which it was conceived .
admittedly , i tittered like a lecherous crony every time i caught a whiff of her flowered perfume .
her chamber held an aromatic scent of ambrosia , while her flesh was as white and unblemished as the marble in which she was first immortalized .
a repulsive scent of animal droppings mixed nauseatingly with curdled milk , yet everyone seemed desensitized to this pervading stench .
i always relished a ripe , earthy scent of pine ; it mixed pleasurably with all other fragrances in nature .
the girl flipped her hair off the front side of her shoulders like a velvety whip and promptly pivoted away from my desk , leaving me to inhale the cool vapors of her flowery perfume .
sweet scent too , would nt you say ?
when i was just a tyke no higher than an immature cornstalk , i can remember my old man telling me about that particular scent .
a scent of steaming flora mixed with the briny breezes inland .
tis a ripe scent i crave now .
while meandering farther into the crowd , which left a sour scent lingering in both of my nostrils , i discerned the merchant and a man of law conversing about writs , while the haberdasher and cook passed blancmange recipes to and fro .
i ca nt stand to watch thy heart flutter while in the filthy fingers of the countless thirsty leeches , whose scent doth often linger in the fabric of thy frilly gowns that thee wear upon each eve ; it causes me to wonder if ye have something up thy sleeve .
i stepped nearer to rachels body , catching a whiff of a perfume drifting off her skin that i never smelled before .
this scent was mixed with a more familiar flavor of cucumbers and melon .
i let her pass me unimpeded , while catching another scent of a fragrance not solely intended for my pleasure .
her honey - scented perfume had the potency to attract a hive of bees on this occasion .
on many of these humid evenings , i was awakened by a scent that hinted of my fathers arrival .
its crisp pages still held an earthy scent of wood pulp .
as i listened to him pontificate on this and other points , i could nt displace a scent of cucumbers wafting off his open suit jacket .
a misshapen straw hat covered his mouse - brown hair , and i suspected he preferred the earthy scents encompassing him rather than a wash barrel of soapsuds .
fresh signs and scents of life abounded in fields that appeared recently tilled .
upon awakening , i detected a familiar scent of moistened pine needles pervading the landscape .
the journals leather cover felt smooth and crisp beneath my fingertips , and a scent of fresh wood pulp permeated from its unruffled center .
the ripe scents of spring filtered through me , and i was almost positioned like a garden statue at the center of my front yard .
the origin of this scent was the glue that had lingered around me all day , but it became particularly pungent in the company of one person .
the scents of moistened maple and oak were like old friends to me now .
the angelic little girl , still mercilessly demanding with her incredible , sapphire - blue eyes that miles return her gaze , suddenly approached miles , coming close enough so that miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in her hair as she whispered directly into his ear .
thank you for always making me take pictures dear , thought henry as the familiar smell of his wifes perfume seemed to once again waft its way through the cab of his truck .
they would talk and listen to the radio and then talk some more , and henry would take in the scent of her perfume and just glance over at her sometimes and think that she was still as beautiful in her fifties as she had been when he had married her at 17 .
they would talk and listen to the radio and then talk some more , and henry would take in the scent of her perfume and just glance over at her sometimes and think that she was still as beautiful in her fifties as she had been when he had married her at 17 .
a whiff of delicate perfume reached miles nostrils , forcing him to lift his eyes , discovering as he did so that the little girl had moved noiselessly across the room and was now by his side .
once again smelling delicate perfume , miles glanced at the angelic little girl next to him and saw that she too was looking out the window intently , an affectionate smile painting her delicate features with joy as she gently comforted the still - napping babe in her arms .
miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in the little girls hair as she guided his eyes with her breath .
he could nt quite give himself the all clear yet , not when he thought about the little girl , not when he thought he could still smell the lingering perfume of the flowers in her hair .
catherine truly loved days such as these , with the sky painted gaily in cotton white and easter blue , the faint scent of the sea adding a salty fragrance to the warm , moist air .
it smelled of salt , of sand , and of the perfume of pretty girls who liked to hold the hands of their beaus while walking barefoot on the beach .
she leaned in close so that miles could smell the faintly familiar scent emanating from the flowers in her hair .
the we love you girl , thought miles , a strong scent of fresh flowers and very pink bubble gum suddenly filling his nostrils .
it was a scent he found vaguely familiar .
almost like a new car with just hint of his wifes perfume he was back in the volvo .
it was a scent that was redolent with weekend mornings with his mother .
the wash of air had an efficient crispness to it and carried a faint scent of pharmaceuticals and antiseptic cleaners .
miles thought about how much catherine would enjoy the view and sighed audibly , his wifes distinctive perfume once again wafting into his nostrils amidst the saltiness of the sea air .
it was a phantom scent he had been experiencing more and more often lately .
steve smelled lauras perfume as she came close to him .
he was close enough for khalis to be able to smell the scent of jim beam and stale cigars on his breath .
the scent wafted around and through him like a meandering stream of warm , nostalgic comfort .
the living room was an ecosystem of pastel kitsch ; resin and porcelain figurines that probably came to life at night , kept alive by a compressed atmosphere of bitter perfume that dizzied my senses .
the cone of light illuminated a swirl of dust and i inhaled deeply the robust scent of heated acetate .
i could smell my mother behind me doused in perfume and powder , a sanctimonious attempt to conform to the standards of the house of god .
as the lightning threw tree - branch shadows across my walls , i pressed my nostrils against the mattress and breathed her fading scent .
perhaps a fresh cassette with her singing voice in magnetic tape , maybe a lacy article marked with a scent unique to her .
man i ca nt stand the smell of this place , all the cheap perfume and colognes mixed with smoke and alcohol and air freshener .
goodbye , the friend said , laughing a little and leaning in close enough for him to smell her perfume .
chapter 10 a wall away bread baking in the oven a warm breeze blowing in the scent of flowers through the open window soft music in the background its all enough to make her forget that its a world away from home .
the smell of chicory , fish and perfume in the air .
i moved closer and inhaled his scent : the cleaning solvents , the metallic tinge from the type and slugs , the schlitz beer he drank after work .
that sides ok , she says , catching his eye , pressing against him during the dance , her perfume lingering under his chin after the music stops .
his tongue against her folded pink sex , moaning into her scent .
we found the smell of old wood and old perfume , and we found the picture stuck in the far back corner of the faux - ceder drawer .
i could shut my eyes at any moment and call up the scents of my family : dad , his coffee so strong that it almost covered the metallic scent which followed him home from the shop , clinging to his hands no matter how he scrubbed them .
i could shut my eyes at any moment and call up the scents of my family : dad , his coffee so strong that it almost covered the metallic scent which followed him home from the shop , clinging to his hands no matter how he scrubbed them .
mike had a scent all his own , musky sweet and subtle .
he remembered the clean scent of the sheets , the feel of her body against his own , the way caroline 's brow had furrowed and her mouth opened in a sad sort of gasp when he first entered her .
yet as they walked , close enough to smell the others perfume but not ask about it , they silently prayed that maybe , maybe it was nt too late .
your scent filled the room and my senses , as much as the vision of you , and i felt lost .
again , the rose stem was played with in his hands and he held the rose to his nose briefly taking in its scent , his eyes closed .
while looking deep into my eyes she drew a deep breath through her nose to smell my scent .
his bed was a yellow and green mat of woven grass , still fresh and with a scent of field .
the scent of dew and many plants rose to fill his nostrils as he focused all mindfulness upon the answer to comefor as with all other things the buddha said , he had to remember it verbatim : he was the gatherer and guardian of the dhamma .
arms lift him into cold night and into arms , familiar arms , warmth , into the scent of love .
his face reflected the scent his fingers had picked up .
his plants , each distinct , each boiling with scent .
the scents were everywhere .
no scents other than pine and water and rock and sky .
enough to fill the room and blend with the many scents .
waiting for leon to arrive from the agency alwyn grew increasingly aware of the scents around her .
thank you so much , she answered , stressing so as hard as she could , hard enough that in the end the boy did pull back , a little disappointed now perhaps , undercurrent finally visible , but he was soon distracted by what must have been some sort of professional , all hair and bust , trailing a part natural , part manufactured veil of musky scent .
a thousand scents , and only a few of them trees .
a feast , a universe of scents , and on the air : several girls or women in heat , and not far , and no , no , no he was nt even going to wonder where from .
he had ended up sifting through perhaps a dozen heated scents , tracing , finding , abandoning , all the whilewith each promise of potential releasehis erection grew sterner and sterner , more and more demanding .
what last night had been a shifting kaleidoscope of scents and sounds , had this morning turned river , a mist so thick that need and urgency spoke from all directions .
yes , alwyn moore notwithstanding , harman - karman had to do serious internal battle to stay on course ; but stay on course he did ( though had his erection had veto powers , he would have followed the luscious scent ) .
this sweet rustle , though in a way more like a scent , of leaves .
but he did nt vent , and he did manage a shower , and a cold one at that , and with the freezing water he gained some distance , and with the distance he felt the rustle of leaves and as the distance grew a little further with what he could have sworn was the scent of forest he began to feel like himself again , or like a reasonable facsimile of someone just like him who also had decided to rise above the storm and stare it down .
but his screens held , and now they held a little longer with the scent of pine in the air .
all the while taking in her air , her absolute storm of pheromones , the smell of her hair , the scent of her beauty , the very rush of her bloodor was this his own blood ? her breath , her breathing .
then , like a blessing , the nearness and the scents and the warmth brought the river back and they drowned for a while .
it was as if the city did nt even exist , not a trace of it , just grass , trees , flowers , mixed with the chirping of bickering birds as if chirping had a scent .
: in the stillness that followed harry could again sense the piney scent of space .
like concentrating on the tip of your nose to turn on ( is how lara saw it , as if it were a switch ) the smell of wonderful perfumes .
under different circumstances , the aroma that was now filling the little car would have been quite pleasant : a nice mix of scents : of pine , tar , warmth , and the comfort of hearth .
she kisses me ever so lightly on the cheek , and the smell of her whatever , perfume , shampoo , gum , maybe a combination of the three , drives me wild .
i want to lay my head against kara 's breasts one last time and fall asleep to her scent while pretending i ' m in a meadow .
paiger takes off the disguise and pulls her hair back , and the combination of its scent and her sexily tanned skin nearly floors me .
as the scent of belinda moved into my brain it reeled .
steaming bowls of buttered pasta with tiny slivers of white truffle , that made you want to suck their earthy scent through your nostrils , clean white slices of mozzarella that gave and melted on your tongue .
the scent released by the hot soil as we ripped up fattened weeds , was so sweet it caught the back of my throat .
through the open window came the distinctive smell of storsea , hot , briny , fertility on the turn , mingling with the yeasty sweetness of the kitchen , a thick scent that i breathed in deep .
lizzie can take two or three bunches , beautiful colour , beautiful scent .
shed done that herself , a surprise , filling the air of the closed room with a heavy , rich scent .
and just before sleep , a real sleep , deep and dreamless , the kind i have nt had for so long , there was the scent and feel of skin and hair , and i remembered her , the beds we shared .
sounds , thus , come in a variety of scents with an intensity proportional to its frequency .
he spoke of sounds , scents , and tastes as though everything that had once seemed mundane had ascended to a superlative status .
it smelled faintly of lemon , her perfume .
favorite scent , favorite flavor , favorite color .
upstairs is stuffy , and i open the window , inhaling the green astringent scent of the geraniums in the window box .
i noticed that she emitted waves of a powerful , musky perfume that surrounded her like an aura in the humid heat .
also i noticed that she still emitted waves of the powerful , musky perfume that she had been wearing the last time we met .
silvio had opened from little , the air of the place was unusually cleaned and he felt perfume of brioche in cooking and of toasted coffee .
he patted her back and tried to avoid inhaling the scent of her hair , potent with smoke , grease and body odor , more dumpster dweller than wood sprite .
a whiff of the sublime perfume of grease and charred meat issued from the paper bag , causing him to swallow hard .
the perfume of butter chicken triggered chriss saliva glands so violently that he could hardly swallow fast enough .
a puff of wind distributed the faint scent of conifer pollen and rock dust and what ?
he can smell her perfume as he closes his eyes .
her perfume tickled my nose as i buried my face into her hair .
she became weak , she fell to the floor and sat there , her legs pulled up close and saw the light on the painting and now she smelt the familiar scent of oil paint from the box .
there was no christmas tree filling our apartment with a pine , scent .
immediately , she noticed a scent that had come to define , in her mind , dianes homea blend of two odors , actually : the sharp trace scent of burnt leaf and a faintly putrid underlying odor of old garbage .
in moments she was inside the cool building , smelled the rubbery waxy brand - new scent of the place , a scent she had come to love since arriving at beck three weeks ago .
in moments she was inside the cool building , smelled the rubbery waxy brand - new scent of the place , a scent she had come to love since arriving at beck three weeks ago .
dent always wore her thick black hair hot - combed and styled in a curly coiffure with an undergrowth of kinky hair near the scalp , and whenever grace stood near the girl , she detected the warm sweet oily scent of burnt hair shafts and coconut - scented pomade .
to the girl , the car smelled like new shoes , with a trace of a sweet scent she recognized as the perfume miz grace wore in the gym .
to the girl , the car smelled like new shoes , with a trace of a sweet scent she recognized as the perfume miz grace wore in the gym .
a warm , pleasing floral scent of perfume emanated from the other woman on the sofa , and graces gaze traveled from the carpet to the feet of her former friend .
a warm , pleasing floral scent of perfume emanated from the other woman on the sofa , and graces gaze traveled from the carpet to the feet of her former friend .
her long , red , curly hair had a lovely scent from her perfumed shampoo .
the smell of the ultra - sweet fragrance of her perfume was almost intoxicating .
the scent had increased , and was lovely .
in fact , her body odor had a strange scent that reminded her of cheeseburgers with onions .
in the air , a scent of sweetness and bread baking lingered .
shed never appreciated the scent of soap as much as she did at that moment , and sighed happily as layers of dirt and oil was released from her skin .
he breathes deep , catching the air of her perfume again , wants to be sure he wo n't forget it long after she 's walked away .
your grandmother , smelling of fresh - baked bread and lavender perfume .
on the tables and under the windows were arrangements of gardenias and roses in shades to match elaines dress that contributed their perfumes to the room .
she waits in the scent of mixed dinners and the graffitti of sound coming from so many closed doors .
the pleasure from this gesture and the sense of her new physics , the realm of maddy , her faint cinnamon scent and buttery skin , the ph of her mouth , the feathery tickle of her short hair , her sounds during love making , the depth and flesh of her around him , their fit , the question between them , who are we now ?
the wood was filled with flowered trees of all different colours and the scents that filled their noses gave them a false sense of security .
her perfume emanated from her face whichever direction it turned .
but while he enjoyed the earthy smells of the farm mixed with spent hydrocarbons , his pastoral thoughts were interrupted when he brushed the rain from his face and caught a whiff of a perfume that clung to him from the night before .
a smell of gasoline mixed with the scent of perfume , flitting under his nose , a notification of infidelity , a side - effect .
the smell of perfume reached his nose again , and the routine sense of guilt , of doing wrong , anchored his levity back to earth .
hot water filled the basin and the bubbles rose , sending a scent of lemon into the air .
` ` it 's her perfume in there . ''
tara 's perfume is all over the pickup , like she spilled a whole bottle of it in there . ''
is it any surprise that it smells like her perfume , if she sat inside , with the windows rolled - up , for half a day ?
the smell of tara 's perfume touched her , invaded her lungs .
the girls threw the petals high into the air to settle at the feet of the spaniards whose heavy boots trampled them into the dirt and released the delicate scents they stored .
plus i smelled weird too , this combination of cut grass and expensive colognes mixed together with gym musk and my own scent .
when the wind shifts from the east , the scent of weed drifts its way down the row .
the cotton cloth still carries the slightest hint of her scent .
~ ~ ~ thursday , march 2 the sun is out , the scent of an early spring is in the air , and the flasher has struck again , this time on sorority row outside the kappa kappa gamma house .
a wet , sloppy kiss , hot breath tinged with a raw , wild scent in my face .
alma 's drooping sleeve loomed just above his face , and he inhaled her flowery scent with delight .
he felt her silk hair stream down his chest , the wildflower in her ear , blossoming in marvelous scent .
this strange feeling prompted him to share her yawn , inhaling her sweet flowery scent , comfortable out of contentedness rather than necessity .
she removed her wooden sandals and lay perfectly cocooned inside a groove in the tree - trunk , her flowery scent rising with a faint touch of sycamore bark .
absorbing alma 's effortless grace , kane morphed with his guitar to let it sing his every thought- the slight curve of her spine , vertebrae by vertebrae , streaking down her back from a billow of floral - scented chestnut hair to her ambrosial femininity hiding beneath the hand - stitched quilt , with a scent that can only be described as alma , the slow draws of her sweet - breathing harmony , the ever - wrenching melancholia of a woman in sorrow , wishing to bring her back , to reignite her hope with a child inside her that will recreate her will to endure .
the warm touch of her moist lips sent a tingle from his spine to his toes and he held her so close but it would never be close enough , and he breathed her scent like a drug , peering into her thoughts .
bathing in the flowery scent of her hair , kane hailand was newly empowered .
in the evening , if i left my window open just a crack , the scent of the jasmine would carry into my room .
it made the christmas tree scent so much more intense .
as he breathed the scent , a shiver traveled through his body .
bathing my body in a glorious heated shower or soaking by candlelight with the option of surrounding myself with scents of my choosing .
his sweet scent of humanness and passion .
vincent took in a deep breath of the scent of her .
she first became aware of the scent of pine , and though she had never smelled this particular fragrance in her current lifetime she instantly knew she was in a siberian cedar forest .
this time of year the meadows were speckled with colorful , fragrant wildflowers , but instead of the wind - swept scent of grass and flowers , a sickening burnt odor overwhelmed sashas senses .
he took her to the forest glade and they sat together every evening imagining where they would plant a garden and an orchard , as well as fragrant flowers that would fill their home with sweet scents , no matter which direction the breezes blew .
the bed had a dirty blanket and no sheets , just a deeply stained mattress where years of body odor commingled with an underlying scent of urine and vomit , and the chemical odor of lysol .
at first she smelled only jasmine and eucalyptus , but as they continued through the forest the faint fragrance of jasmine mingled with the delicate scent of fresh rain painting pictures in her mind .
as he stepped beyond the mouth of the cave and up onto the land , dylan was shocked to discover that he was in a cedar forest wrapped the delicate scent of pine and the light of the moon overhead .
a gentle breeze was blowing past the house and dylan could smell the sweet combined fragrance of the jasmine and magnolias that surrounded their home , and when they arrived at the front door the lavender colored roses were as glorious as their soft scent .
the air was cool and fragrant with night blooming jasmine , and the scent of gardenias drifted by tantalizingly when the breeze shifted slightly and came a bit more from the east .
then his eyes did soften a bit , like he had caught a slight fragrance from the flowers and mistook it for the smell of my perfume .
balancing it carefully so as not to spill any of it , he pried open the bag and was hit by the strong scent of whiskey .
there was a strange , herbal scent filling the place , like i was in a church .
sometimes i could even smell it , and it was cigar smoke from the man with no name , barbies cigarette puffs , scents from the candles in the room behind the beaded curtain , the reading room .
they all looked happy and serene and i could smell a sweet scent coming from the workout room , like vanilla and spice .
his behavior had been becoming more normalor at least less outlandishincluding bowel and bladder control , although the aroma of past indiscretions lingered and , when i was lying in my own bed or taking a walk , became confused for me with the fragrance of his mothers body and all the other scents and sensations of our lovemaking .
i love you , michael , she whispers , calling me by my middle name as she cradles me to her , not bothering to wipe away her tears , breathing in the scent of her newborn who had moments before been a part of her own body .
i hugged her and kissed her soft lips again , lost in the sweet taste of her lip gloss and the scent of her skin and the feeling of giddy love .
on your way home , observe as many details as you can , smell all the scents in the air and figure out where they came from , drop into a few stores even if you 're not buying anything , listen to people talk .
2 the address listed for the author of anima was in a tony part of manhattan , a part , quite honestly , where i rarely ventured , where the word penthouse was tossed around lightly , where the recirculated air was ripe with the scent of freshly minted cash .
my head was full of expensive perfume and deodorized penthouse air and cecilia quisbys squeezable bosom and her hand , which generated heat like a magnifying glass , and the sweet rot of old flesh and fetid clothing and the incredible , exploding encyclopedia , which hovered above it all , that book called anima .
i still feel the rough texture of his coat , digging in my wretched fingers , still smell the earthy scent of the fabric as i bullied him into destruction .
a familiar yet forgotten scent haunted the air .
she crossed market street , strode past swedish hospital ( the sliding doors whooshing open as she passed , belching out the white scent of antiseptic ) and found her way to ballard ave .
i smelled her body more strongly , the rich scent of herbal perfume and traces of clove cigarettes .
i smelled her body more strongly , the rich scent of herbal perfume and traces of clove cigarettes .
the shops interior smelled richly of leather , and i , too , felt a strange need to pick up articles of tanned hide and rub them against my face and inhale their musky scent .
abbey and i lay in front of the hearth on fat pillows that smelled of mold and the pickling forest scent .
she pinched her cheeks to add a little color to her face and sprayed on a bit of wildflower perfume .
as he stepped out of the van , he took a deep breath and delighted in the fragrant pine scent emanating from the trees .
he busied himself , packing it with tobacco , and the sweet scent filled the air .
there was no particular memory but i felt myself in a childs body and all around me was filled with enchanting scents : freshly mown grass , damp hay , honeysuckles , cracked chestnut shells .
a crowd of scents invaded my memory and the feeling became euphoric .
our bodies knew only the faint scent of longing and desire .
or taking jj out for air , pushing the stroller together as it crunched through the fallen leaves , the fresh scent of cut grass and raked leaves mixing with hints of neighbors dinners .
she was thin and attractive like julia , but more fashion conscious ( a classic dresser ) , a wearer of exquisite perfumes , and her earrings sparkling as she clattered about on high heels .
i liked to climb up onto her lap , to stand precariously on her thighs , flinging my arms around her neck where i would find the most fragrant of perfumes .
the scent of recently poured tea , the sound of the archers on the radio , and the sight of fresh baking that was my expectation .
i lumbered along the centre aisle , the heady scent of the laundered interior sharp enough to make my eyes water .
earle went in to get them while i sat amongst the scent of new upholstery and polished panels .
wedged up against melanie , as we were jammed through the door frame , i was assailed by her trailing aroma of perfume .
i flung myself about her neck as she manoeuvred the gear stick , soaking up the scent and the feel of her smooth of hair .
the unexpected scent of her skin , the musky scent of her breath , jolted me in the short transition to intimacy .
the unexpected scent of her skin , the musky scent of her breath , jolted me in the short transition to intimacy .
as the arms of the clock - face slid around towards 7 a.m , i buried my face into her neck , taking bleak comfort in the delightful blend of scents skin , perfume and sweat and absorbing the rise and fall of her chest ; the pulse wave in her neck the palpable signs of a beautiful life .
as the arms of the clock - face slid around towards 7 a.m , i buried my face into her neck , taking bleak comfort in the delightful blend of scents skin , perfume and sweat and absorbing the rise and fall of her chest ; the pulse wave in her neck the palpable signs of a beautiful life .
to think that i might never see her again the curves of her body , the scent of the skin , perfume and sweat , the glistening upper teeth beneath the soft curve of a lip , and yes , the soft and mischievous voice saying you re desperate are nt you .
to think that i might never see her again the curves of her body , the scent of the skin , perfume and sweat , the glistening upper teeth beneath the soft curve of a lip , and yes , the soft and mischievous voice saying you re desperate are nt you .
we were enclosing arms and fragrant perfume .
she whisked it past her nose to see if she could detect any familiar scents but the smell of paper was the only scent .
she whisked it past her nose to see if she could detect any familiar scents but the smell of paper was the only scent .
i wrinkle my nose as the acrid perfume drifts over .
his nostrils were assailed with the skanky scent of sewage .
a sickly sweet scent that made eric want to vomit .
sullen sons silently wield machetes in a slow skulk down a dusty road long - legged daughters are silent too- spiders sitting idle out front weathered shacks painting glitter over bubblegum polish rainbow curlers bobbing round their heads occasionally stirring odd chicken parts that simmer and brown on the stove all day someone stuck a drying starfish in the mossy palm - trees trunk someone raked dried leaves from the sand early morning shadows flickered cross - hatched on the walls of the thatched roof hut where the hatchet is buried let bygones be bygones stash it flash it mash it up baby wild island dogs curl in sleep- now and then opening a weary eye just to make sure all is still safe secret shack a poem by loretta oleck hidden behind a thicket of boughs alive with snarled vines was a pink shack with a lopsided door- a leaning sentry guarding rotted wood floors and ripped curtains of tangled lace and a broken clocks face where the hands had stopped at half past four snapping open a blade i crudely carved my name above the door then distracted by amezuzahtilted on the frame the blade slipped on the tail of the lettery slashing through history and time splicing through the door screen slicing through my lifeline- a bloodied omen a ticking time bomb scarring my palm i had thought claiming doors would be easy and would make me brave i had no idea my lifeline could be altered with a blade i had thought i was the only jew on this island- apparently others had found this door too saffron life a poem by loretta oleck i lived a saffron life a midnight howl walking winding alleyways of bustling markets following trails past pails of scuttling cobalt crabs and buckets of jasmine rice into the heart of the safflower scent i lived a saffron life plaiting my past from spiceberry silk a velvet widow spider in a vacant window frame weaving gossamer curtains to be pulled up or down depending upon my darkest or lightest mood or the squall of the caribbean wind or the direction of the rooftop weather vane i followed shadows of patterned cloth swaying like dancers holding tight to wooden clothespins straddling the frayed line down a crooked path towards arms outstretched into the sun silk center of the labyrinth diana a poem by clinton van inman drag your white skull before blind seas that tumble dazed to your mono - eyed magic .
i will come for you and steal you away behind their backs miss julie i will savor your wild tropical scent of heat and savage rain and be your first carnivorous love of sweet pulp and warm sticky punch .
the faint scent of tobacco bothered him , but maybe she had needed a few puffs .
lee scooped potatoes , julia stirred gravy , liz set down the bottle of wine , then opened the oven , the heady scent of marshmallows and brown sugar drifting into the kitchen .
flowers are all over the goddamn place , smells like , well , a french perfume factory .
their scent brought back rich memories of the three years she had lived in williamsburg , virginia .
she could smell shampoo and the scent of tack and hay , and she inhaled .
instead of the familiar scent of his body , musky with a hint of aftershave , the smell of coffee wafted up the stairs .
when i had taken them to dinner she had worn a long skirt , the perfume was cutting without being sweet , but i was left with a doubt as to her shape below the waist .
the smell of her hair mingled with her perfume and a lightness attacked me from my chest to my loins .
the smell of the perfume from her neck , sharp and sweet , in the cloud of oil and meat excited me .
the air was heavyfilled with a rich scent of budding flowers poking through the sand aside the thick brush .
jon could smell the scent of pine rushing intickling his nose .
the scent of lemon tickled my nose .
as he did so , the unmistakable scent of jane on his fingers caused his heart to start .
never again would she walk home from school , smelling the familiar scent of the bush and feel the sun warming her sunburned nose .
instead of repelling her like it would have had it been anyone but peter , the smell of beer , cigarettes and sweat mingled with his usual indefinable scent turned her on immensely .
as she inhaled deeply through her nose , the competing scent of the gardenias , which were planted either side of the front steps crept in .
and the smell of cold earth now surrounded her and masked the perfume of the blindfold .
she stuck her fleshy forearm up under phoebes nose , revealing a light lavender scent from one of the complimentary perfume testers .
she stuck her fleshy forearm up under phoebes nose , revealing a light lavender scent from one of the complimentary perfume testers .
the faint smell of perfume clung to the evening wear .
the intoxicating scent of the roses coupled with the woman 's perplexing face had catapulted the normally reticent man in an uncharacteristically chatty mood .
an intoxicating sweetness wafted through the room life an expensive , designer perfume .
` ` what a delicious scent ! ''
her perfume would fill his mind .
he breathed her perfume and reopening his eyes looked at her face freshly made up just inches from his .
closing his eyes he put his face to hers and breathed the scent from her neck .
putting his face beside hers he inhaled the scent on her neck .
one by one she takes her things from her bags and sets them on the bedspread which seems musty but not unpleasant a kind of earthy scent that reminds vanessa of childhood .
her cheeks her nose her face her skin so milky white and thin and fragile you could see the veins could see right through to subcutaneous blue her long smooth legs arched her fingers arched thin and quick the fingers of a pianist fingers made to dance across the keys her mouth so soft and warm and easy such a solemn mouth and so sweet to see her smile her breasts firm and high and so small they disappear in your hands when you hold them when you feel the wide dark nipples striking brown on her lily flesh and ripe on your mouth her eyebrow a dark line like the stroke of a paintbrush the final wisp of a stroke her vagina full - lipped redolent and crowned with curls of dark copper hair sweet smelling musky womanly scent her ear you used to nibble at teeth brushing soft skin pierced by heavy hanging jewelry which she only ever removes when she is performing .
and the smell of him is like a weight a heavy odor she ca n't quite identify there are images and sensations associated with that scent all tangled up in her memory of him coffee beans laundry brought in out of the rain broad hands caressing her bare thigh seared meat smoky and tender mothballed sweaters ink - stained fingertips musty old paper like the comforting smell of a treasured childhood book .
she loves books the touch the scent the fact of them the presence she opens a book and she is a child again reading in dim light transported drawn in a magic thing a beauty that aches and hurts all great love hurts gets right there down into the soul to twist .
with the lilacs , magnolias and roses in full bloom , springtime in buda was a true festival of colors and scents .
i climbed a few stairs and sat down , requiring a moment of solitude before returning outdoors among the cheerful tourists and the profusion of colors and scents .
the people squeezed closer together as the line pushed toward the metal detectors , smells wafted into ricardos face as he stood there : the couple in front of him smelled geriatric like dried lavender and tea - rose ; a blond woman behind him emitted a mixture of fruity lotion and perfume .
the perfume smelled fresh , like something a teenage girl would wear , but the woman was at least forty .
the smell of her perfume was still in the air where she had stood .
the smell of her perfume once again hung in the air , lingering in his nose .
he did want his cologne to suppress that perfume of hers .
it seemed so natural for her to lean forward and he kissed her on the forehead , the smell of her perfume already dizzying him .
it was no dream ; her scent was strong on the pillow .
her perfume was there too .
the wonderful smell of her perfume filled his nose and his heart again .
filling a washbasin , she closed her eyes and took in the potent sounds and scents of her surroundings .
and against all odds , and everyones pessimistic expectation , dinner was absolutely delightful as laura described her days experience at the farm , and the description of it brought out what the farm did to most people , it brought out the heady perfume of pure possibility .
tom held amanda in his arms in front of him , smelling the perfume she had borrowed from his sister lucy while ian stood beside laura holding her hand in its soft mohair glove .
the thick heavy heads of the blossoms nestled together beautifully and when amanda and laura approached them , the fragrance that rose from the table was more beautiful than any perfume they had ever smelled .
they ate well , slept well , and went for long walks in the incredible rain forest that was so alive it filled the nostrils with the most powerful perfume imaginable .
the overwhelming perfume that fell from the door of the greenhouse was like walking into a convention of hundreds of invisible , rich old ladies .
lilacs bloomed on the breeze in the dooryard as well , and the grasses became perfume .
whether she was in the sun or walking along the sand , feeling the dry wind of the day or feeling it cool after dark , whether she was feeling the cool water when she went naked to it or feeling it dry softly on her skin , whether she was smelling the perfume that was alive all around her that appeared the minute the sun fell below the horizon , laura enjoyed every moment and sensation of her body .
painted ladies and admirals came and danced close to the sand , and the monarchs , generations from mexico , finally arrived with the pungent perfume of milk weed in blossom .
it is a mask that has been used by many soldiers before me and it smells of rubber and mould ; a scent that sticks in your nostrils long after you have removed it .
alethea smells the odour of fish , and breathes in the scent , remembering all the times she has been fishing with him .
he turns away from the leaves he has been eating , lifting his head to the sun and sniffing the scents that travel on the wind .
with a base of onions , garlic , ginger and curry leaves , the overlaying perfume of cloves , cinnamon and cardamom , or the more pungent aroma of fenugreek , coriander and garam masala drew nikolaus in from the workshop each evening for dinner .
its content is dark and velvety , with a fertile scent .
what in the world do i smell , jay asked as he raised his nose to the tantalizing scent of hot food .
it is a lingering scent that stays in ones mind and reaches ones nose even at the very thought of him .
it is a scent too sweet , too pure , too steeped in beauty for any creature as crude as man to actually experience in its full glory , for he is just as easily stunned by a smaller , lesser potent dose .
suddenly , the potent scent of violets came to me , rendering my nose temporarily inactive .
he knew that the fur would retain the unique scents of their original owners and thus seem familiar to the surviving relatives in a way they would not quite be able to grasp immediately .
opportunity hovered about his head , leaned imposingly on his shoulder , whispered alluringly into his ears , flicked incessantly at his crotch and whisked faint sensations of soft flesh upon his fingertips ; it agitated and annoyed , but spoke with a voice of intoxicating sweetness and a breath of appetite - whetting perfume .
he wore two rings on each finger , and the smell of perfumed talc seemed to radiate from him , imbuing him with a certain augustness he would most certainly lose when robbed of its scent .
afterwards , as they lay together nestled in each others arms , bunnu could have sworn he smelled the distinct scent of violets all about them .
and all throughout this event , the malodorous scent emitted unwittingly by this gathering of kusai ants repels all nearby herbivores , thereby protecting our brethren trees from attack and further predation .
the bookshop smelled of mouldy dust , the scent of age that ca n't be known but is the first thing to hit you in a retirement village , and an end - of - day reapplied male deodorant .
these told her another woman , a woman who smelled of fendithe only scent to which she was not allergicwho had respiratory problems so common she took ventolin regularly , had trouble sleeping and so consumed valerian , no doubt according to the packets strictest instructions .
the single window is open to air out the accumulated scents of my freshman year .
the scent of apple blossoms drifts by .
surrounding the window frame , the ivy clasping the brick faade flutters in the breeze dappled by the delicate perfume of apple blossoms and honeysuckle in bloom .
the warm breeze from across the hills filled the air with the scent of over ripened apples from the nearby orchard .
the scent of peach cobbler hung in the air .
led zepplins whole lotta love began pumping out of the open windows as the scent of cigar and weed bellowed down on us from above .
the scent of summer rain drifted off her hair and soaked me with deviant thoughts of grueling sex .
the sun was an electric blanket turned on high and the stairs has a comfortable grade as the scent of freshly cut grass sifted over me .
the brisk autumn i was accustomed to , felt a lifetime away and i was stuck in a state of reminiscing over the scent of dying leaves .
the scents of the orchard were gone .
a burp broke the background noise of fans and the scent of gin wafted by my nose .
the scent of citrus hung like a beaded curtain in the sterile white house .
the burnt scent of scotch seeped over from a man reading a magazine at a window table .
the backseat was thick with the scent of marijuana and ripe bananas .
my nose twitched with the scent of bananas .
the scent of rubbing alcohol burned as i entered the office with a flat chime .
the scent of freshly baked bread drifted by on the thin air .
we filled out trays at the buffet , the scent of freshly chopped onions of the salad bar floated across the room , and tim was eating before his butt hit his seat at a long table .
on saturday morning the scent of the beach is strong and i pack my guitar in the trunk of my moms car .
all i wanted was to hold her in my arms again , to breathe in the sweet scent of her skin , press my lips to the top of her head .
he did nt want to look at megans things , or smell the familiar scent of her that still lingered .
chapter twenty - three camden , maine the morning broke in a menacing shade of grey , and the heavy scent of spring rain hung thickly in the air .
i closed my textbook and rubbed the sting from my eyes , then slid off the bed and crossed to the open window to inhale the fresh , salty scent of the sea air .
my long white gloves were silky upon my skin , and my mothers expensive perfume , which i had dabbed sparingly behind each ear , was the perfect finishing touch .
everything was magical the smell of the autumn leaves in the air , the sound of his voice , the familiar scent of his skin .
sometimes i ache to hold her in my arms , watch her sleep , smell the sweet scent of her skin .
it was not to be the usual romantic nonsense about sunsets and kisses , but rather a collection of sounds , scents and sensations that all too often went unnoticed .
a cloying scent belched into the elevator and forced its way down janie 's throat .
as he worked , she drew in the sweet , familiar scent of the cave .
margaret 's perfume touched her nostrils .
thousands of meticulously placed king proteas , aloes , and rose geraniums welcomed them with soothing scents , while exotic birds greeted them with songs they had never heard before .
it had a distinct scent , even a unique feel that evoked a new , indefinable sensation .
peter closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of smoldering briquettes cooking a variety of marinated meats ; he was transported back to barbeques at lake eufaula in eastern oklahoma , when in early autumn , the annual mcknight family reunion was religiously held .
these seats wore olive green coats and the cloth near my face gave off a scent of dust and kapok .
i was skipping on the pavement at my mothers side , smelling the far - off scent of wet creosote and vanilla and wool .
wet caliche can carry a scent which permeated the air above the water and this stopped me for a moment ; this lake mercifully blocked my progress toward the outstretched hand , and then the old man who lay on the far lakeshore suddenly sucked in both his cheeks and mashed together his loathsome lips making a kissing fish - face and a slurping , suckling sound .
a faint scent of rancid lavender , perhaps from a handkerchief inside her purse , wafted toward us as though , during a delightful stroll down a country lane , a gate to a trampled and mucky sty had swung open .
the scent of foul old lavender overwhelmed me as though she had shoved my face in a hunk of mildewed weeds and i stared at the tiny cracks along the edges of her lips which were bleeding color out from her bright cranberry lips .
the undeniable scent of st . johns bay rum with a hint of west indian lime seemed embedded in every permeable object .
the room reeked of incense patchouli , sandalwood and several exotic scents he could nt identify .
i gather the rags and rinse off my hands from a water bottle , trying to wash off the gunk and car smell , and take in the fresh scent of the pines surrounding us .
the scent of roses struck the boy as she strode over to him .
chapter two : the corner now many years passed without hinzelmeier having experienced a repetition of the miracle ; he thought not more about it , although his parents remained young and beautiful , as they had always been , and often in winter the wonderful rose scent surrounded them .
a strong rose scent emanated through the keyhole .
a fresh scent rose from the depths as she struck back the trapdoor and soon filled everything with a fine wet dust , which climbed up like a delicate cloud between the pillars .
at the tips of the leaves little dragonflies climbed up , tested their wings , and then floated shimmering and fluttering above the flower cups , while the fresh scent that continually rose from the fountain filled more and more of the air , and danced like silver sparks in the sun rays falling in .
soon they went down along the shore , constantly breathing the sweetest scents and listening to the rustling of the waves that flowed up over the shiny pebbles on the shore .
again she tore her hands apart from each other , and where the spraying drops touched the earth , there sprang up new rose scents , and a play of colors from fresh , never - before seen flowers pressed themselves sparkling from the lawn .
so may had come , and from the little garden outside the scent of violets wafted through the open window ; then the good countess stepped one morning again before the mirror .
i breathed in the familiar scent of laundry detergent and sweat , the salty sea smell a mere memory as real life glared through the sunrays that streamed through the window of our bedroom .
i was wrapped up in his smell , intoxicated on the familiar scent i adored .
without thinking , john inhaled , catching once again the familiar scent of my hair in my sisters blonde locks .
he caught a whiff of my smell mingling in with her perfume , a new aroma that both caught him off guard , intriguing him .
it was what kept him grounded , knowing that , enveloped by my scent , it was nonetheless sara he lay against in the darkness of the room , and not me .
john lost himself in the scent of her hair , grasping her skin so tight it reddened in patches that would bruise later .
she was familiar , not just because of the scent in her hair or the way her lips held the same shape as mine , but because she was someone who knew him and the pain he was going through .
she inhaled , taking in the mango scent of the shampoo we both had fallen in love with as teens .
the nauseating smell of sweet frosting made sour by stomach acids mingled with the scent of earth , and it overwhelmed my runny nose .
she was wearing a lei of frangipani around her neck and the perfume was so heady that peter asked her where he could get some for his friends .
the perfume was overpowering .
the air carried the distinctive scent of tea .
so climb into the warm bed , i ' m the same damn sleepy head but now i feel like a whore still come the morning who am i to say your love is boring when i walk out that door flight of the raven devil dives , dark cellar nights images of death , visions of light heavenly tantrum in her hot tempered time burning for something so undefined things that confirm or contradict every word like i said she s no kindhearted bird fanciful in such sweet heated flesh we touch , we taste , until nothings left except lost time , illusion 's cold self the fight to bring back the pleasures of hell sick sordid feelings that can not be cured like i said she s no kindhearted bird one last flourish , her hand on my mouth my hand on her sex , perfume flowing out danger dance , the tuck and extend the rocking disease , joys never mend until we grasp what dread ecstasy heard fly away into the gray into the black into the fray fly away you cruel , o so beautiful bird sad girl she danced alone in the light of the moon and said , i feel just like some witch that i saw in a cartoon she cried six tears but they were not hers and if they are , she thought , i can never know for sure - i am too alone and so afraid there may not be a world outside the one we ve made with our minds and in our lust she took out a five - dollar bill , it said , in god we trust then she laughed , and she laughed again i do nt know you but i believe - abraham lincoln - there s a way out of here with that said she took off her dress and pounded down a beer under the stars , by the sea fourscore and seven years ago everyone was free under the stars , by the sea fourscore and seven years ago everyone was free but is that really true ?
i ' ve even forgottten the scent of his cologne .
most scents bothered her , including his aftershave .
the underground blows its complex , musty perfume at him as he trots down the stairs into the cool station .
not knowing if he was going to tolerate her presence or her stares , she quickly made her way to the coffee shop and noticed that the scent of hazel nuts was wafting out .
lesson plans marriage city life the smiling scent of lavender above the clouds becoming fragrant moonlight the philosopher and the crazy person bedtime story at the height of being grounded what a lovely day she is a painter peak - a - boohoo in an open bedroom bees at bears knees , bear at bees knees the light of love through space and time an honest discovery presents itself the secret of the sad dog nothing normal is normal , normally pet friendly flowers sea .
the smiling scent of lavender above the clouds becoming fragrant moonlight two travelers meet in a place while both are staying far from the different places each knows as home .
she trotted up to tj smelling like shed bathed in lilac perfume and squeezed his cheek .
she asked as she sat next to me , the scent of alcohol descending on me like a fog .
the scent of the ocean was wafting in and out of the air , which was humid and warm .
sometimes , ana would close her eyes and take in vos scent , carried in the headwind .
yes , she said , quietly , without considering what kind of thing was meant whether the flowers , the scents , the ball in general , or walking with mr . grandcourt in particular .
so she not only rode , but went out with him to dine , contributing nothing to alter their usual manner ; and curiously enough she rejected a handkerchief on which her maid had put the wrong scent a scent that grandcourt had once objected to .
the narrow drawing - room , enlarged by two quaint projecting windows , with lattices wide open on a july afternoon to the scent of roses , made rather a crowded , lively scene .
and of course god audible everywhere in the whispered prayers of the dying and their caregivers , god touchable in the crosses drawn on the foreheads of those dying ( sometimes leaving a faint trail of blood turned near black in death ) , god smellable in the odor of incense on the priests clothes , the fragrant scent of the anointing oil of last rites , and in the unmistakable odor of c4 explosive on the body parts of the suicide bombers brought in for identification and forensics .
he inhaled deeply the scent of his ex - wifethe oils of her hair , the fragrance of her shampoo , the earthiness of her skin , the pungency of her body .
and rest came in a vision of a sloping treeless hillside in full morning sun , succulent spring grass bright and inviting green beneath the crisp blue sky , the gentlest brush of a breeze , the scent of spring flowersviolets , lilacs .
she closed her eyes , inhaled the scents of spring , reveled in the soft breeze brushing her cheek , basked in the leaf - filtered sun .
the scent of perfume hung heavily in the air , causing my toes to curl .
the scent of perfume hung heavily in the air , causing my toes to curl .
my voice seemed to drown within my throat , the sparks igniting in my soul sputtering helplessly out in the density of perfume lingering between us in the air .
i had many images and memories stored away from times when it was thought i was asleep , when i should have been resting the coming and going of strangers , both men and women , the periods of laughter and silence , skin on skin , an array of different scents , flowing hair , thick beards , ever changing sandals lining the inside of our doorway .
her scent , the aroma of her perfume , enticed even the blind beggars on the outskirts of the market to follow her steps .
her scent , the aroma of her perfume , enticed even the blind beggars on the outskirts of the market to follow her steps .
in a weeks time the city would drape itself in its richest fabrics , don its heaviest jewels , and paint on its most seductive perfumes .
it was seldom she became tangible often being far beyond my reach , hidden behind her mask of paints and wall of perfume .
i loathed her costumes her perfume and laughter .
realizing ninharrissi had already arrived , i winced now able to smell the aroma of her perfume mixed with my mothers heavy fragrance .
though i was accustomed to strong scents , like the heavy perfume my mother soaked herself in nightly , i could see from the corner of my eye that phaena was easily overwhelmed scrunching her nose in distaste at the various strong odors .
though i was accustomed to strong scents , like the heavy perfume my mother soaked herself in nightly , i could see from the corner of my eye that phaena was easily overwhelmed scrunching her nose in distaste at the various strong odors .
i could sense their eyes scorch my back , i could smell my flesh singe the scent curling up in the air in smoky wafts .
though scarce able to see , i knew well enough where to find what i looked for my fingers gliding familiarly over her assorted earrings , perfumes and makeup bottles .
whenever i washed her clothes , it was easy for me to become overwhelmed by the scent of my mother by the smell of her lingering perfumes , even sweat the stains of her makeup printed around each of the necklines where she pulled the material over her face time and time again .
whenever i washed her clothes , it was easy for me to become overwhelmed by the scent of my mother by the smell of her lingering perfumes , even sweat the stains of her makeup printed around each of the necklines where she pulled the material over her face time and time again .
flower garlands of sunflowers and papyruses had been hung over all the doors facing the central temple , filling the air with their stifling , thick , sweet scent .
donning their most elegant jewels for the occasion , with their hair bound intricately high above their heads and heavy perfume confounding my senses , i felt small as i slipped past them .
her breasts , her jewels , her scent , her tall neck and lofty walk would steal the thunder out from under even the virginal dancers crowding the temple arena in heroic though futile attempts to outshine all else .
it was during the summer when the sound of the bubbling creek mixed with the scent of wild flowers like some sort of music .
when they settled , sonnys father looked over at the array of food and said ; honey , these are all vegetables , sonnys mom lifted a lid to a blue ceramic dish and immediately filled the room with the scent of hot salt .
when james hugged her , he noticed she did not smell bad , or like her perfume .
the barbecue was spewing smoke into the air , along with the delightful rustic scent of char - grilled meat .
her perfume flooded the stairwell , and it would have been sweet to your average dirty old man with no taste .
his scent lingered there , beckoning her outside , telling her that she should follow him .
in among the fresh , sweet open air was a fragrant scent he took in his lungs .
the flowers with their sweet scents looked like upturned designer cups .
his mom said it was a special cedar wood scent .
food smells mixed with expensive perfume and the clout wielded by those sitting on the dais .
sterling arrived in that sexy shirt with his hair all amiss , smelling of the manly perfume she had bought him , with his sweats hardly able to contain his enthusiasm .
nice , he thought , covetous of the warm perfume she exuded as she passed him , and for moments after he tried to cling to it , as it might have clung to him in warmer weather , holding his breath and savouring the comfort it suggested ; soon it was dissipated , though , diluted by the dismal mist of rain which had begun to fall once again .
for the moment she made do with the general fragrance of the place , inhaling deeply the cocktail of powders and perfumes which was such a heavy clinging mix that it seemed to cloud the air .
the woman caught his hand and pulled it towards her , her was sure he felt his clenched knuckles brush against her breast as she twisted his hand around and sprayed his wrist with a brief burst of perfume .
she wore shalimar perfume and it came in with her , faded but still sickly sweet .
he turns his body sideways in the chair , sending invisible puffs of moth ball scent in my direction , but does nt attempt to rise for a few moments .
and i breathe in the air 's sweet perfume as my universe swirls around me .
a perfume of lilac and nicotine and diesel awakenings .
her perfume remains in your doorway , along with her phrases .
the sweat of desire sprinkled them , drew their young , aching bodies closerwas that perfume strange to rutting heat and passion .
she went about her day : her prayers , her shower , twirling and twisting hangers of clothes : this blouse , that skirt , no , no , these shoes , that sweater ... it must ve been the residual perfume from all the soaps and oils and sprays and other assorted cosmetics because it took about twenty minutes before : ` ` peee - uuuuu ! ''
zav has been sitting for ` ` a long time '' : this phrase feeling itself all over him : hands across his eyes : ` ` seeing '' her , blindly , there across the table : candle - lit , scent of garden - cuts in vase , thick of smell and thick of her : sniffing was easy : from a distance - ` ` action at a distance ! ''
the odors of sea salt intermingling with jet fuel , along with the sickly sweet perfumes and colognes of disembarking passengers were for a passing instant overwhelming .
stories wage wars and seal the peace ; they bring lovers lips together and send the dizzy spinning away into the night from the perfume left on his hand after his sweet time with her .
the air was cool , almost cold , spiced with the wafting scents of hundreds of alien flowers ; and though utterly still amid the trees and shrubbery and statuary he passed , had the uneasy charge of restlessness , like the calm before a terrible storm .
the scents were not the same .
this scent was like the coffee beans he smelt stored at his fathers farm .
it is the scent of food on the evening breeze , when the halting of a car brings no fear , when a knock on the door signifies a friend and when heaven floods in through an open window feasting our eyes on its peals of colour ; the sound of bells .
luckily the breeze was coming off the river and with more luck the sprayings of scent wafting from the bodies of the baby hippos would disperse with the engine fumes back towards the road , away from the fig trees .
warm and quite calm with the scent of gardens and fields and woods in the night air .
a spicy odor hung on the winda scent i would nt normally associate with cars .
the scent of impending rain and the sweet smell of cottonwood hung in the air , pushed along by a faint , damp wind .
i hunched down beside him , breathing in the mingled scents of hot oil and speedway dust as i studied the suspension .
seeing him struggle with the cardboard flap , i reached out and popped it open , allowing the tantalizing scent of tomato sauce and hot cheese to waft up from the pie .
as we pulled into the pits , the biting scent of racing fuel drifted through the cab , bringing a tsunami of overpowering memories .
soon the tantalizing scent of beef stroganoff began drifting from the kitchen .
race tussled briefly with the locked door then led me into cool darkness where the familiar scents of grease and racing fuel brought on a wave of nostalgia .
the enticing scent of pepperoni greeted me as i hoofed it up to the kitchen , where race had deposited two cokes and a track town box on the table .
the scent of her fitted leather jacket , mingling with the familiar , musky fragrance of her perfume , triggered a cascade of memory .
the scent of her fitted leather jacket , mingling with the familiar , musky fragrance of her perfume , triggered a cascade of memory .
a half - step behind the action , my heart went into jack - hammer mode as the spicy perfume of wild mint hit my nose .
the cottonwoods were starting to turn yellow , and the sun , which had warmed the air to near seventy , was baking a sweet scent out of the first of their fallen leaves .
when i flipped the switch to start the flow of solvent , the acrid , chemical scent drifted up to wrinkle my nose .
i missed the hot , dusty nights at the speedway , the growl of engines , and that sweet , pungent scent of racing fuel .
tommy continued to inhale the scent of his fresh blankie and stared at the wall , sucking his thumb noisily .
together , they inhaled the scent wafting off the porches .
the tomato scent of the lasagna began to permeate the air as the wine warmed her blood .
finally , they were in the store , and the scent of chocolate was intoxicating .
there were vendors with food , and something about the sweet smoky scent of roasted almonds , grounded willow and reminded her to live in the moment .
just the pure scent of apple pie suffusing her soul .
the renewing scent of plants and earth , leavened by a slight tang of moisture in the air , became more distinct as she left the entrance behind .
lyssa needed to clear her lungs of the cloying perfume and new - construction smells that hung in the air .
before he knew it , he had the softness of her breasts filling his hands , felt the heat of her through her shirt , smelled the apple - pie - and - cinnamon scent of her .
the air carried the familiar scents of compost and goats , of damp earth and fallen leaves and hedge roses and the dense foliage of growing plants .
when that placed him too close to her and a cloud of perfume that made his nose twitch , he took the paper and moved around behind his desk to scan the list .
noxious perfume filled her nose , and eerily soft lips played over hers .
the club was within walking distance , so he sauntered along the sidewalk , taking in the sounds and scents and sights of new york .
it had nearly killed him to draw back in prescott and take her home rather than haul her off to the nearest hotel room and bury himself in her , wrap himself in her scent and draw her into every cell of his being , but he knew it was necessary .
he gazed at her , wishing he could touch her , bury his face in her hair and breathe in the apple - pie scent of her .
he lifted his gray - streaked head to sniff the bracing scent of shegoi leaves borne on the quickening breeze .
we waited for several minutes as the lifts descended , then rose and then descended again , but one finally arrived on the ground floor where a small purple pony with a very long tail trotted out smelling lewdly of perfume .
i breathed deep , taking in the scent of pollen blown from the wild grass , and carried in vaporous clouds over the larger tussocks , past a grazing antelope and onwards over the rolling hillocks as far as we could see .
after they married she had stopped wearing that exotic perfume , stopped going to the hairdresser , stopped wearing those tight fitting slacks and sweaters .
she considered casting a listen - up spell on herself , but if daddy called for her before the lavender scent of enchantments magic dissipated , shed be in even more trouble for eavesdropping .
she inhaled deeply , filling her lungs with his unique scent of sandalwood and lemons .
she skimmed her hands over his washboard belly and kissed a trail across his chest , inhaling his intoxicating sandalwood and lemon scent through the barrier of his turtleneck sweater .
another scent mixed with his ... it was familiar , sweet and clean .
channie closed her eyes and inhaled the heady aroma that was a mixture of joshs scent and enchantments magic .
~***~ channie sat on the floor and caressed the book as it filled her head with the magical scent of the boy she loved and the girl she used to be .
the scent was reassuring and mildly intoxicating .
channie inhaled , drinking his scent .
they d been alone in the forest all morning , the fresh scent of pine tickling their noses .
channie did nt want josh to touch the book much less open it , but it was his name on the cover , his scent in the air , his magic guiding him .
the scent of willow bark was much stronger now .
the flowers sweet perfume drifted above the clean scent of pine and warm fragrance of cedar , tickling channies nose .
the flowers sweet perfume drifted above the clean scent of pine and warm fragrance of cedar , tickling channies nose .
maxine mcmasters treated her son - in - law as a servant from the moment she appeared in his driveway , emerging from her cadillac in a cloud of cigarette smoke and perfume .
so she was standing next to me , and i smelled a strange mixture of perfume and turkey shit as she patted me on the shoulder now and then and said , ` ` stand back a little , ray . ''
as he passed i smelled fresh scent sport stick .
for on the beach gordy insisted on wearing his lime - green speedo swimsuit and dakotas piquant patchouli oil , a sight and a scent that enraged a group of irish soccer hooligans playing cards .
ripe berries shone moist and bright among tangled thorns , casting an enticing perfume .
the warm scent of hare made his head swim .
i inhaled the crisp , melony scent of the wine and took a sip , then let myself relax .
every time i turned my head in her direction , or smelled her perfume ( white musk by the body shop ) , my heart raced and i believed the prepared phrases must be wrongthat i would be doomed if i acted now .
i liked the scent of her hair when she had nt washed it for a few days .
stepping to the toilet to piss after a last dry spasm of the oesophagus , i d noticed a stale gooeyness of the pubic region , and got a whiff of the scent of lilys sex , which remains an indelible memory , pleasant in spite of the inglorious circumstances .
her movement , and her scent , and the smile i could see on her even when she looked away from me , illuminated everything .
a hint of wood smoke mingled with the scent of slow - roasted pork from bo 's barbecue barn beside the church .
he held her around the waist loosely while looking around at all the familiar sights and inhaling the scents of okinawa .
the slight onshore breeze carried the scent of the golden sand flats uncovered by low tide across the runway from the ramp where the 141 had parked .
one was about the perfume river and the colonial company .
on the left of the muddy road full of ankle deep puddles was the light brown colored water at the mouth of the perfume river running into a small bay .
his pulse quickened as he smelled her perfume .
for the tomatoes though well add something a little different , said gardener , pointing to a smaller pile of fertilizer with a stronger scent of ammonia .
after he asked what she was wearingand after she ignored the questionhe whispered that he remembered the scent of her perfume .
after he asked what she was wearingand after she ignored the questionhe whispered that he remembered the scent of her perfume .
as he did , he felt the softness of her sweater and smelled the sweetness of her perfume , so he pulled her tighter against him .
when she moved , he sniffed hard to catch the scent of her perfume .
when she moved , he sniffed hard to catch the scent of her perfume .
although they were close to the same height , heels made her taller and her overwhelming perfume and pure white skin intimidated him .
now , temporarily dismissing this unintelligible event , she focused on concern for melanie , who she held tightly , even as she smelled the sweet perfume of alcohol on her breath .
hello this is eris , pl- her scent .
a faint familiar scent whirled in the stale air of the train .
a familiar scent wisped through the air .
i felt the scents washed away by fresh pine leaves as they are squashed underfoot .
i slowly raised it to my mouth , and the scent of ripened strawberries filled my senses .
the scents were like rare perfumes lightly sprayed in the harem of a dozen maidens .
i wallowed in a world of scents that were acting like a drug to my senses .
as the figure disappeared into the fresh morning air , i relaxed and let my eyes close again to wallow in my secret world of scent .
the heather sweated in the mid - day heat and a sweet scent perfumed the air .
the kitchen filled with the delicious garlicky scent of the dinner we were preparing .
lacy had stood at the bottom of the ladder , inhaling the scent of moth balls and mildew , shivering from the cool blast of air that always accompanied a winter trek to the storage space .
when i visited the library the first time to take out a membership , i had asked about the pungent scent .
her perfume was intoxicating .
her voice was a purr and her perfume was subtle and probably cost more than i made in a week .
there was a lingering scent of pine sol deodorant like maybe someone had tried to create the impression of fresh air or a forest .
the aroma of the place reminded me of my grandmothers house during holiday family reunionsfine cooking , fresh cut pine and the ever - present scent of old things .
but then somethingcould it be the fresh clean pine scent ?
he smelled a flowery perfume that reminded him of his ninth grade english teacher .
they were her favorite flower and the scent was wonderful .
there was a scent of powder and perfume about her .
there was a scent of powder and perfume about her .
moffat could smell perfume and noticed that she wore a small amount of make up .
i felt the wetness of her tears and i faintly smelled a delicious perfume that i realized even then i would always associate with her .
i caught a whiff of the same scent she had worn on that night and memories returned .
the air filled with the scent of his blood , and i groaned .
i inhaled deeply and literally ingested his scent into me , imprinting it in my mind .
my hunger , ever present , grew even more as the lingering scent of blood still coated the air .
i moaned as the sweet scent of the humans blood became even more unbearable .
the multiple heartbeats were like a beacon , and i was drowning in the sweet scent of human and vampire combined .
i inhaled the sweet scent around me .
inhaling her scent , i launched myself into the sky .
i looked at the door and sniffed , trying to separate individual scents from each other .
me too , i thought , drinking in his scent and loving the way his warm body felt on mine .
a light breeze rustled the curtains while bringing in the light scent of the last few lilac blossoms on the bush below .
the scent of his cologne was earthy and woodsy , with light citrus notes .
the lotion in my bag had the same scent and a high protection factor .
it held the faint scents of shalimar and lavender .
its withering fruit flooded the night air with a citrusy perfume and its inch - long thorns offered the unwary a painful reminder that some trees are for looking , not touching .
when she reached the stoop , a teasing breeze caught her scent and tumbled my senses with fragrances of lavender and gin .
` ` i seem to remember your perfume . ''
in mid - step the pungent scent of jade east bathed my face .
the kitchen even has a faint scent of the cinnamon she favored .
i enjoyed the scent of honey suckle , and the definitive odors of trees and garden plants going to sleep for the winter .
the walls were so recently painted , a light yellow , you could faintly smell the scent .
the whole place was filled with sweet scent and amazing breeze .
we crossed over the river because i could smell the strong scent of water and heard the sounds of waterfall .
sam threw up her hands in disgust as murphy approached , his overpowering scent of aftershave trailing behind .
subconsciously lifting the collar of her jumpsuit , she inhaled the scent of jakes aftershave which was clinging to her clothes .
the room was filled with the subtle scent of his woodsy aftershave .
suddenly , his senses detected sams perfume , that faint clean scent , like the morning dew .
suddenly , his senses detected sams perfume , that faint clean scent , like the morning dew .
no visions , no sounds or scents .
the subtle scent of sams perfume still clung to the fibers .
sam inhaled the scent of a woodsy aftershave .
there were accessories , books , scent warmers , incense , and even handmade scarves .
in doing so i held it within a few inches of my eyes , and was conscious of a faint smell of the scent known as white jessamine .
he had a headache and a queasy stomach , and ann was emanating more sweet perfume than a rose garden in june , which did nt help .
my departure was so fast i ' m sure not even my perfume had time to linger .
the blinds were closed , swaying gently in the breeze coming through the screen , the fresh scent of a newly washed world beckoning .
the sweet scent of roses greeted me as i rounded the end of the house and i stopped to press my nose into one of the flowers , the petals , soft and smooth against my skin .
i could smell her perfume .
he detected that katy was wearing an unfamiliar perfume .
as sure as the band that set up on the stage , the club lights , and the blended scent of everything from light beer to patron counter balanced in the atmosphere , the feeling was very real .
chapter seventeen the next morning mike woke up to the scent of fresh coffee .
in the mist of the strong scent of coffee , toast and bacon emerged to dominate the senses .
an arrival of thunderstorms threatened the city with the indescribable scent of heavy moisture in the air .
hmmmmm- the scent of vanilla and jasmine floated under the bathroom door .
although the waters may have assisted the fragrance in his recall , the perfume was unmistakable .
the sweet scent caused his nostrils to flare .
more paranoid thoughts created the scent of garcias cigarette slithering across the nights air .
i took a quick bath , put on some better clothes , put on some perfume , and told madalena , my wife , that i was going out to keep an eye on a suspect and went downtown .
i actually wanted to send the detective to hell for that recent crap , but a flower scent impregnated my nostrils .
her perfume put me in ecstasy and her shape stuck in my mind when she said goodbye .
her hair wet , lipstick , perfume , light skin , honey eyes , thin nose and filled up checks were attributes to the most perfect face i ve ever seen in my whole life , and it was an invitation to the burning fire consuming me uncontrollably .
i studied her face , hoping to see some essence of the young girl who passed and was passing , hoping to feel renewed by the lightness of innocent youth and lose myself one last time in the scent of strawberry shampoo .
san franciscos real estate breezes were rife with the sweet perfume of obscene profit , and soon every broker , agent and freelance know - nothing in town would lift their snouts toward the heavens , seeking to pick up the scent of giselle frackles $ 70 million sea cliff mansion .
she exuded personal power , and in her vicinity one could almost pick up the rich aroma of coffee , the heady scent of her endless fortune , descended from the plantations of medellin .
the priest was inside for almost an hour and all we detected was ritual chanting and the scent of frankincense wafting from the room .
it was springtime in ohio , which generally meant long , dreary , damp days , interspersed with the occasional sunny day with temperatures in the low seventies that seemed to make the grass greener , the flowers brighter and the air smell like perfume .
sam held , watching fat raindrops as they picked up speed , plopping off the hood of her truck , filling the air with the scent of wet dust .
bouquets of fresh flowers topped every flat surface , the perfume of the abundant hydrangeas , roses and lilacs warring with the intense colognes wafting off the guests .
i smelled the cloying perfume of the wild orchids .
he caught up with the group , exhorting them to breathe in the scent of the flowers , ladies , glory in the beauty of the forest , because we almost back to civilization , and you may never come this way again .
soft steelpan music seeped out of hidden speakers and a delicious coconut scent tickled my nose .
heaven was the scent of fermenting mangoes .
the scent of mangoes wafted away .
maybe i imagined it , but his obsession cologne stayed in my senses long after he d left , rooting me to his scent .
oso was sniffing my hair and neck , and i let him take his time imprinting on my scent .
they sniffed oso , soaking in the scents of his adventures from the road .
his pecs were thick and hard , his scent and physicality making her feel weak in the knees while her insides melted into a gooey mess .
he snuggled closer to the intoxicating , warm scent .
jo slowed to a walk and enjoyed the forest scent .
and that s not all , she thought as the metallic scent of blood danced on the still air .
animals are attracted to the sweet scent , then the sweet taste .
it had been fun getting sprayed with the new taylor swift scent but then she had seen willow trying on scarves .
the scent of pizza and her rumbling stomach pulled jo awake .
this one served a buffet for lunch so the smells of the different spices filled the air , and the spices and scents were not the ones one normally encountered wafting from alabama steam tables .
an older womans perfume .
the calf - skin vellum of civil war conscription lists gave off a hint of nutmeg , and the gilded - age business contracts added a smoky scent of oak - paneled boardrooms lit by oil lamps .
i wrinkled my nose as the sharp scent of alcohol cut through the emergency room 's background smells of sweat , blood , and industrial floor cleaner .
* * * * catherine lowell 's perfume always preceded her into a room .
she had a signature scent , made exclusively for her , with notes of lilac , tuberose , freesia , and brimstone .
i would sit on the beach listening to the waves , or on a cabin 's porch breathing in the scent of the pines .
he left , trailing an odd peppery scent which i finally placed as a custom - made soap sold at a little shop on newbury street .
i should have noticed sooner the air was tinged with his axe cologne , but its scent had been overpowered by his mothers sulfurous perfume .
i should have noticed sooner the air was tinged with his axe cologne , but its scent had been overpowered by his mothers sulfurous perfume .
i leaned away from catherine , who was standing so close to me that her perfume was making my nose itch .
the two men passed us , the scent of tobacco and incense trailing in their wake .
they give a nice scent to a room .
well , you two check out just fine , said mr . putnam , coming back into the room and stirring up the fire until it released another burst of pine - needle scent into the air .
the sulfurous smell of her perfume became more noticeable .
nonsense , said pam whitman , her chinchilla coat giving off a faint scent of the cleaning solution used to preserve the fur .
a gust of cold air suddenly blew across my face , carrying with it a scent of lilac .
the scent of lilac and marijuana mingled together in a sickly - sweet dance .
jim took a deep breath and smelled nikkis perfume .
i was momentarily sidetracked by his unique scent : there was no single word for it other than muskymalemouthfulofdeliciousness .
bennett held her arms , stepping close so she inhaled that spicy scent always lingering on his skin like he 'd walked through a bazaar in some exotic location .
the moment he stepped out of his camaro , the scent of salty water and freshly caught shrimp penetrated his nostrils .
at the same time , the sweet floral scent of perfume invaded his consciousness and a coaxing voice asked , wan na join me in a coffee ?
at the same time , the sweet floral scent of perfume invaded his consciousness and a coaxing voice asked , wan na join me in a coffee ?
with a mischievous little smile and a flick of the hair like a shampoo advert she bounced out , leaving the tiniest trace of expensive perfume .
taylor sweetland , master string puller , rolling up to lunch with the lowly mandy tick who would no doubt be blown away by his massive piece of german precision and his amazing good looks and grooming , not to mention his adorable suit and fresh scent .
he told me not to be startled by anything i see and hear , to accept it , enjoy it , immerse myself in it , and allow the sights and the sounds and the scents to seep into my pours .
the theaters around me promoted ` ` double features '' and i smelled the scent of hot pretzels and mustard in the air .
but , in meeting with all three he definitely picked up on the old spice scent when talking with mr . thomas , so he shifted to the front of the list in the lieutenants eyes .
he felt now he had zeroed in on bob thomas as the attacker , having both the button - less blue shirt and the scent of old spice .
he leaned across the passenger seat and i caught the spicy scent of his expensive cologne through the open window .
i inhaled the warm air laden with the aromas of cinnamon , vanilla , and yeasty dough , mixed with aunt vi 's floral perfume .
as i climbed the steps to my porch the perfume of the purple hyacinths arrested my progress through the door , and i inhaled a lungful of the strong , sweet scent .
as i climbed the steps to my porch the perfume of the purple hyacinths arrested my progress through the door , and i inhaled a lungful of the strong , sweet scent .
with eyes closed , i drank in the exquisite , intoxicating tenderness of his soft lips , the delicious , warm , male scent of his skin .
i inhaled the sweet perfume of the earl grey , and sipped it slowly .
i took a deep breath and caught the definite scent of spring , mixed in with diesel and other exhaust .
the scent of cocoanut oil mingled with sweet earthy perspiration .
behind her was a rack of toys , ribbed condoms , various scents and salves that guaranteed satisfaction , several dildos in colors and sizes of your choice .
it was the perfect night , yellow hint of a moon , a light breeze , and the fresh scent of salt air .
she wore no perfume .
i could smell the perfume in her hair as she led me back to the bedroom .
the pungent scent of coffee crept into my nostrils and i could hear a slow stream of water running into the pot .
in order to complete the sensory understanding of what i am saying , bend low to her chest , mine good friend , and take in her scent . ''
i composed myself as was fitting , ensuring there was no dust upon my person and that my appearance was prim and neat , with a gentle lingering scent of quality soap giving me the air of a man of impeccable hygiene , and not one prone to earning his riches through the resurrection of the dead .
mingled with this was the earthy scent of moss , which grew in abundance over the various caskets laid out within this family monument .
i adjusted my hat as i stepped into the light of the street , my senses assailed by scents of baked potatoes roasted over an open coal fire , intermingled with the less savoury stench of horse manure .
a scent of lavender wafted from her , clean soap , powder .
in large , brass bowls , the sickly sweet scent of dahlias made the roast smell off , the flowers such a deep purple they could be mistaken for black .
the air is thickly fragrant with the scent of patchouli and sandalwood incense .
there was a rustle of silk and the lingering scent of sandalwood incense .
only occasionally was she forced to smell the the pungent aroma of formaldehyde , its eerie scent collecting in the damp recesses of the cottage 's interior .
she filled her lungs with the fresh , clean air of the spring evening , always a welcome contrast to days filled with the chemical scents of ammonia , bleach , and polish .
by the time she had finished the rugs in the hall the scent of coffee filled the room .
she made a derisive sound and waved her hand , wafting her heavy perfume in dirks face .
up close , he expected her to smell like the hospital , but she smelled sweet and floral , like orange blossoms and that same musky scent from before .
she breathed deeply , taking in the rich scent filling the car .
the smell of her perfume , a light floral scent , was so pleasing he leaned toward her as almost a reflex action .
the smell of her perfume , a light floral scent , was so pleasing he leaned toward her as almost a reflex action .
the cologne he wore was a spicy , warm scent .
the shops were nt open yet , so they could nt have gone into one , even if wassermann was mad enough to continue this chase among mens suits and ties , or glass display cabinets full of jewellery , or glass shelves with scent bottles artfully arranged on them .
the sky was still pitch black , and the air had that cool winter scent to it .
the scent of marigold still lingered on the porch .
the air still had the sharp scent of oily dust .
the aroma of cinnamon and ginger was strong , and bethany hoped it was nt her perfume .
beneath the canopy of laurel and oaks , the scent of wet earth and decomposing leaves rose thick in the air around her .
an hour later , delaney reached into the oven and pulled the tray of cornbread from the oven , the sweet scent of corn billowing in a hot cloud around her face .
crossing the narrow bridge , she took in the thick scent of trees in the air , the moist smell of earth , the constant movement in the creek below .
delaney headed for the stables and was at once swallowed up by trees and shade and the dense scent of wet pine .
she asked sadie , breathing in the scent of her .
which , combined with the smell of sweet feed and damp earth and the faint aroma of manure , made up one of her favorite scents in the whole world .
his fetid stench of smoke and body odor arrived before him , soiling the fresh scent of trees .
delaney strolled over , grabbed a big hug from her , and was instantly enveloped in soft motherly comfort and powdery perfume .
breathing in the scent of wet laurel , she forged forward .
the scent of stale tobacco hung in the air .
to him , it felt like they were strolling through a cavern , the air rich with the musky scent of nature .
the scent of cornbread tickled his nose .
did nt realize how hungry i was until the air filled with the sweet scent of home cooking .
he edged along the wall , restraining his reaction to the perfumed scent lingering in the air .
the older woman came over directly and met her with a warm embrace , a veil of shalimar perfume enveloping them .
the grits were ready , the bread browning in the toaster , the scent filling the space around her .
delaney gave sadie a pat on the rear , then kissed the velvety skin of the mares nose , reveling in the sweet scent of her baby .
the musty scent from the wall of clay beside him penetrated his nostrils .
the passing cool front had infused the moist air with the scent of trees , a mix of pine and laurel .
the bleached - out metal door exuded the stale scent of cigarette smoke .
it was darker in the shade , the scent of trees permeating the interior of the truck .
trees emitted their fragrance , the scent accentuated by the hint of humidity .
delaney turned her face into his palm and breathed in the scent of him , the feel of him .
since the cabin had few windows to open for ventilation , the scent had a way of soaking into every nook and cranny , lingering for days .
nick leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips , his fresh drift of cologne mixing with the rich scent of forest hovering in the air .
lacy opened the salon door and was immediately sucked in by the strong scent of hair products , nail polish and perfume .
lacy opened the salon door and was immediately sucked in by the strong scent of hair products , nail polish and perfume .
it was clean but a musky odor lingered in the air under the pervasive scent of perfume .
it was clean but a musky odor lingered in the air under the pervasive scent of perfume .
the binding crackled and he smelled leather : the scent actually melded nicely with the stohli .
he kissed my hair and breathed in my scent .
and he smelled like the earthy scent of eau de locker room .
i could smell her thick rich perfume as she bent down to my ear .
i lay , face down , sinking into the double layers of down , smelling moms perfume and feeling the stress flow out of me .
her lalique perfume bottles glimmered in the light on her dressing table and i could smell their scent even at my distance .
the scent filled the kitchen and breathing it was enough to get me tipsy .
it was amazing how his scent lingered in the fabric after years of wear and washing .
i went straight to the coffeemaker , rubbing my neck as the scent of hazelnut filled the room .
an anvil formed in my stomach when chucks scent enveloped me .
i walked down the brick walk that i d spent a significant portion of my childhood weeding and paused to smell the bluebells with their perfect waxy forms and light scent .
then i smelled her perfume , white linen same as mine , drift over and settle on us like a comfy blanket .
chuck sat down on my bed , tucking me into an envelope of his fabulous scent .
hmmm , was that di peters could manage as he sniffed the air and detecting a very feminine perfume .
you know , di peters started to say as he remembered the scent of perfume in the air , my wife is huge fan of french perfume and she has the exact same fragrance i can smell now .
you know , di peters started to say as he remembered the scent of perfume in the air , my wife is huge fan of french perfume and she has the exact same fragrance i can smell now .
the scent of the fields reminded him of the day he 'd found christian 's bike , of days they 'd spent together working on the farm ... of the bleak wheat field with the gendarmes placed like markers .
petulance and perfume came from sophies direction in gulfs of waves .
the lift smelt faintly of that distinctive hospital smell no one can actually identify along with a trace of perfume from the previous occupant .
a moment later the scent of a cheap and strong perfume , the latest moneymaking ploy by some celebrity , confirmed his thoughts .
i can detect fried food and the faintest trace of what could be perfume or aftershave , he said .
christ , when shed been standing inches away from him and he could smell her perfume , subtle , musky , he d just wanted to kiss her until her head was spinning .
the sky was a cloudless blue and millicent pressed the electric window button and breathed in warm august morning , the scent of cut grass and garden flowers from the houses they were passing , the petrol fumes of a major road and the slight background smell of the heather moors as they slipped out of the town .
all the same , it was a pleasant scent and it took her back to the strife - torn streets of belfast , the religious bigotry and the racial tension that had threatened to drive a wedge between her parents .
the scent of expensive perfume wafted through the air .
they sat together on the porch steps , the distant smell of smoke from the latest forest fire mixed with the fresh scent of cut lumber .
the unusual scent of delilahs blood became stronger as he inched closer .
the vision and scent of delilah were forever burned into his brain .
her scent calmed him .
boone inhaled delilahs scent before he cautiously moved his hand and then backed away from her and to the edge of the bed .
too many scents , boone revealed .
concentrate on crypts with just one or two scents .
its a strange scent though .
first he inhaled her scent , and then he licked the blood .
this is nice , boone whispered taking in delilahs scent and the softness of her warm skin against his hands .
see you soon , he whispered into her ear and taking in her scent .
she inhaled deeply taking in boones scent .
exhaling , she whispered , wolf and strawberries , my favorite scent in the whole world .
the scent of lavender and vanilla filled the air .
i m not even going to ask , boone mused as he pulled delilah closer and inhaled deeply , taking in her scent ; the scent of red wine and honey .
i m not even going to ask , boone mused as he pulled delilah closer and inhaled deeply , taking in her scent ; the scent of red wine and honey .
she buried her face in his clothes , inhaling the scent of him .
it was an impressive sight , with circles of people , the smoke and scent of incense rising - i was not impressed because the heavy hand of death was imminent but i was more appalled by the words of the high priest and the kind of world he planned .
gill again sprinkled incense on the charcoal and the air became heavy with a rich and opulent scent .
gill gathered herself mentally to leave the safety and sanity of her body , manjy heaped incense on the charcoal until the air reeked with a bitter , acrid scent which stripped the soul bare , and with an audible ' click ' gill passed into the astral .
alicia sprinkled incense from the second jar and the same sharp but not unpleasant scent filled the air around them .
the scent of her hair drifted up into his senses , he could nt help but kiss her on the head .
her cousin jumped up , grabbed a potholder and pulled the cookie sheet out the oven , the sugary scent of the last batch filling the air .
the drinks on the table rattled as the bubble popped -- the scent of cheap perfume and bubblegum overwhelming us all at once .
now if we could convince her to stop wearing so much of that cheap perfume sue jan shook her head .
i tell you , blood seeped through that towel faster than i felt comfortable with , filling the air with its copper scent .
he followed a familiar , pulsing music and the scent of wood smoke to her backyard .
a soft breeze trickled across her cheek , and she turned into it , inhaling the scent of rosemary it brought with it .
the moss beneath her hand had taken on a velvety texture , and the rosemary scent had intensified to intoxicating levels .
the scent of the sea and gentle roar of the ocean filled her senses .
the gentle scent of night - blooming jasmine wafted across the warm evening air , turning the balmy friday night into a peaceful , comforting companion .
he could feel the heat of her even through her tee shirt and bra , could smell her heady , clean scent , could hear the combination of their not - so - steady breathing through the roaring in his ears .
she allowed him to bathe and oil her in the traditional samhain female scent of apples and dress her in the proper robes of green , then held out her hand to him like a queen .
sage essence glistened on his muscled chest , the heady , woodsy scent magnifying the air of anticipation , amplifying the sexuality that was building almost visibly , stretching to form an arc between them .
she broke their embrace , sliding down his body , running her tongue down the center of his well - defined chest , sweat and oil tingling exotically on the tip of her tongue , the scent of sage burning the fine hairs of her nostrils .
well , now a strange , tangy scent was filling the air instead .
her shriek lingers like the scent of old lady perfume as she digs her nails into my arm .
her shriek lingers like the scent of old lady perfume as she digs her nails into my arm .
a touch of lipstick , some perfume , a mild scent that always makes me feel fierce , my heart necklace , and were off .
a touch of lipstick , some perfume , a mild scent that always makes me feel fierce , my heart necklace , and were off .
when he pulls away , i m out of breath and still wanting more of him , his taste , so addictive , his scent , like sex and candy , his touch , tickling and electrifying .
i can smell the scent of floral dryer sheets in the clothes .
i recall leons blood in my face , the scent that unearthed a deeply buried part of myself , his taste , his happy sigh when i bit him .
a strong scent of ether overwhelms my nostrils as i struggle to breathe the air around me .
the overwhelming scent of ether resonates throughout the room .
through their nostrils , i no longer smell the overwhelming scent of ether ; it has been replaced by dank , musty air .
reginalds friend took scents from the clothes the kids wore .
he inhales and errantly , i wonder if he remembers her scent to this day .
bite her now , she is a delectable untouched morsel and you will have her scent and then i can transform you to look like her .
i have smelled similar scents from the animals around here , but they are not quite the same and they are all mixing , its confusing .
this one has a very familiar scent .
its an odd combination of smells : fried food , perfume , tacos , sweat , dogs , aftershave .
julie sat next to me , and i smelled her strong perfume , the kind my aunt ruby wears .
gia followed mary into the house , noticing a sweet flowery scent .
the scent of grilled meat still hung in the air through the campground , there being no breeze to remove it .
every room had the eerie glow of security lights and was heavy with the scent of funeral flowers .
the scent of the oak and hickory along with some tree bark that had fallen from the wood fragranced the porch .
the elevator door opened , the air was fresh with the scent of pine , the cubicles were angled to the white wall amidst grey file cabinets and a bank of clean windows that overlooked the streets below .
i could smell his bad breath and the lingering scent of a cigarette .
everything on this floor was unchanged : the place was well lit , the comforting scent of lavender wafted through the air and the chamber music was a soothing contrast to mr . beards funhouse screams .
the sweet and invasive perfume she wore hung about her in the damp air .
chapter four 9 am , tuesday august 17 tench stood with the other mourners among the sweet and sour perfumes of magnolia trees , loblolly pines and raw earth near the fresh dug grave .
the air of the cellar was different than that of the tunnel ; the moist earth scents of the passage were replaced with dry musty dust and a sweet perfume .
the air of the cellar was different than that of the tunnel ; the moist earth scents of the passage were replaced with dry musty dust and a sweet perfume .
the sweet perfume was from a wad of smotes chewing gum stuck on the door where he could see it .
the imaginary scent moved from his mind as the reality of the dank mildew reached his nostrils .
at the same time as he reached for her , he smelled her perfume , the same scent of honeysuckle that he remembered from so long ago .
at the same time as he reached for her , he smelled her perfume , the same scent of honeysuckle that he remembered from so long ago .
it was in bloom , its scent overpowering .
the sweet scent of salt air rushed my nostrils .
the warmth of the full - bodied scent lay on my cheeks and drifted gently into my nostrils .
i could smell the vanilla notes of her perfume .
the scent of hot cornbread , the taste of lemonade on my lips and the warm aroma of clean beeswax lingered on and around me like an invisible cloud .
i live illegally in my office , in a low - slung wooden 1920s warehouse , a warren of dance studios and art galleries and the toxic - sweet scent of petroleum products wafting through the low - ceilinged hallways .
not only can i feel the rhythm of the press , i can smell the sweet scent of warm ink .
i settled down cross - legged with my back against an aspen tree , breathing in the scent of juniper , and closed my eyes .
i would think you would wear a pine scent so you could weave in and out of the trees like a deer , or a nipmuc scout .
i remember the rich scents of the forest just as i reached the ravine .
few others seemed to like the scent so i took it home with me .
a strong , enticing scent came from her body .
she s a thrill seeker , a sky diver , alluring lover i like her perfume .
your perfume of vanilla and rose petals is very nice , stands and stares at her .
but his close cropped hair was clean and he carried the scent of soap .
the corn was wrapped in silver foil and the scent was heavenly .
mary margaret wears no decoration of a necklace , dangling earrings or elbow gloves , only a small faint scent of rose perfume .
mary margaret wears no decoration of a necklace , dangling earrings or elbow gloves , only a small faint scent of rose perfume .
chloe haphazardly sprayed her personal perfume bottle at the right side of mary margarets neck parading passed her doorway down the grand staircase into the ball room .
tucker chuckles dropping his nostrils into her neck smelling her perfume of garden roses .
she twists left leaving the hunky guy strolling towards the bathroom , ponders bathing her stinky body from the perfume and sweat .
just curious like a cat since tuck might be having an allergic reaction to her flora perfume or some other sweet or bitter potted flowers or other smelly fragrance inside her bedroom .
the air was deceptive , over - flowing with sage and other herbal scents as if i were in a verdant oasis .
her and mum had visited harrods in london a few years ago and everywhere they went in the store the same expensive perfume lingered in the air .
it was the same expensive scent that mirabelle wore .
she rested her head on his shoulder , surprised at how relaxed and safe she felt in his arms , then she inhaled the musky and slightly salty scent of him .
the apartment smelled faintly of perfume which heightened his arousal .
he took a bath , picked out his best clothes , applied perfume and left his house .
the air , moist and cool , mixed with a scent of fresh roasted coffee beans .
just the feminine sway in her hips and the scent of sweet perfume distracted me and lifted my spirits for a prolonged instant .
just the feminine sway in her hips and the scent of sweet perfume distracted me and lifted my spirits for a prolonged instant .
that perfume and the curves had me gasping and trying not to drool all over my shirt .
the smell of face powder and strong perfume filled the tiny cabin .
chapter two wesley grant leaned his bare back against the warm wood in the new steam room of his mens club as he inhaled the heavy air filled with the scent of pine .
the intoxicating aroma of coffee swirled around the room , enveloping my senses with its strong scent as i approached the counter , trying to divert my eyes from his handsome features .
i inhaled and caught a whiff of his manly scent .
as soon as i walked into the shop , the scent of the old building made me feel warm and safe inside .
his scent was intoxicating , like spicy leather and sandalwood .
karyns delicate perfume lingered lightly around the space as she stood in front of me .
a breeze wafted into the room , carrying the scent of damp soil and burnt leaves .
i opened the cover and a rich scent of leather stirred in the air around me .
the house smelled like old - lady - dried - out - prune - skin odor hiding out under cheap flowery perfume .
some say the perfumes in shampoo and soap scare off the deer , but i ca nt help thinking b.o .
barney used to shower with a perfume - free soap , then dress in clothes he d stuffed in a bag of leaves overnight .
yes , i vowed , as the toasty waffle scent drifted from the iron , i ' m going to enjoy the weekend and not think once about stacy north .
another plant with red flowers and stems clothed with woolly hairs of a reddish / purplish color was unique , but she was disappointed that the flowers did nt have a scent .
there was a glint in his eyes , a scent of sweat , musk , a man in heat .
the room smelled of stale smoke and a variety of perfumes and aftershaves .
her bedroom smelled of fresh flowers and subtle perfume .
he inhaled the scent of her hair and closed his beady eyes as he drank in the smell of her perfume .
he inhaled the scent of her hair and closed his beady eyes as he drank in the smell of her perfume .
travel mode is the scent of sadness that s lost to the fear that you ll end up someday in some hospital bed regretting that you did nt make this trip .
i braced for the reek of hair spray , but all that wafted toward me was perfume .
lavender perfume , of course .
a faint metallic scent that i knew i d smelled before , but which i could nt place , hung in the air , along with the odors of dankness , mold , dirt , and dust .
somewhere in the back of my head , i must have recognized that metallic scent of blood ; plus , it just was nt like brenda puckett not to show up for an appointment .
it was awkward at first , the three of us standing there , the bitter scent of burnt grass still fresh in the air .
off the kitchen , there was a garden with a lilac tree in full bloom , the scent filling the air .
candles gave off a subtle lavender scent .
her light perfume touched me as i pressed my lips to her smooth skin .
a swish of silk and the scent of janet 's perfume , and she knelt beside me and smoothed my brow .
a swish of silk and the scent of janet 's perfume , and she knelt beside me and smoothed my brow .
i breathed the scent of her , trying to forget the grim world outside , the cold beyond our circle of warmth .
the room smelled faintly of old flowers , overlaid with the slightly stuffy scent of a room whose windows had long been closed .
i looked in at store windows sipping my deliciously creamy beverage while blue sniffed the cornucopia of scents littering the sidewalk .
declan brushed my hair aside , and the scent of my shampoo wafted between us .
the scent made her slow down and breathe deeper .
the scent of jasmine followed them down the walk .
because of interviewing benson , worth noticed smells : the black - haired nurse who wore too much perfume , the volunteer with blonde streaks and hairspray .
peeling it back in ragged petals released the rich scent of citrus oil , made bitterer when she meticulously scraped the pith off the membrane .
a faint floral scent of a sachet sue ann must have used in the linen closet greeted me .
shed taken to drinking , and i could smell it on her now and then , even over her perfume .
the scent spread as she rubbed oil on the white candle .
inhaling her scent , i walked through the opened gate .
i cursed as her blood scent penetrated my scattered brain .
i inhaled her scent and a growl ripped through me .
no , i leaned in and inhaled his scent .
oh , she breathed as the fresh scent of blood reached her .
the rest of the walk to the museum was a pleasant one full of mild breezes and the scent of freshly turned earth .
my face was pressed into his chest and all i could breathe in was his cologne , a scent that i would now always associate with ethan ripley and this hug .
last thing he remembered , he d been talking to a diamond - studded , smokin hot brunette in a little black dress , within searing distance from the giant rock fireplace - he d stood close enough to smell her musky perfume , ostensibly to hear her over the conversational din .
it hissed and smoked , filling the room with its rich timeless scent .
i took a deep breath , inhaling his scent , and used every ounce of energy i had to not turn around and follow him .
i liked his scent , his smile , and even his sarcasm .
the perfume of wild honeysuckle filled the air in places where the shade was less dense .
the scent immediately brought memories of childhood , sitting on a grassy bank behind her home , letting the tiny drops of honeysuckle nectar drop onto her tongue .
its kind of like a good conversation with an old friend or the scent of pine at christmas or the sound of church bells chiming .
chuckling at her fancy , she applied a little mascara , blush , and lipstick and topped off her ablution with a light touch of perfume .
the sweet scent of roses filled the air and she could envision them trailing over the white picket fence .
he walked onto the front porch and let the outdoor scents and sounds that he had missed so much , bring him home again .
the first thing they noticed upon entering was a pleasing herbal scent .
ill make it a point to talk to teresa today or tomorrow about their favorite flowers and scents so i can make my plans .
the musky scent of her perfume overpowered the pervading odors of diesel fumes , sawdust , and horse .
the musky scent of her perfume overpowered the pervading odors of diesel fumes , sawdust , and horse .
she leaned closer , and the scent of her perfume filled my nostrils .
she leaned closer , and the scent of her perfume filled my nostrils .
a minty scent , left over from liniments and leg braces , clung to the walls .
i could smell her scent , imagined that i could feel her breath on my skin .
her musky perfume filled my head , and her closeness was overwhelming .
her perfume smelled faintly of vanilla .
as i neared the barns , the scent of freshly - mown grass and damp soil was replaced by the sharp odor of horses and the lighter fragrance of liniments that drifted from the wash racks .
the sweet smell of spring hit my nose ; it was like the aroma of flowers and honey , the fragrant scent of green grass and morning dew .
he was jamming at the open mike set in the macomba lounge one hot summer night , a thick cloud of smoke , perfume , and sweat choking the air , when a wisp of a girlshe could nt have been more than 18came up to the stage .
the music of the night mingled with the scent of olives and lemons and dusky perfumes that pooled in the air over the little caf .
the music of the night mingled with the scent of olives and lemons and dusky perfumes that pooled in the air over the little caf .
the air was fragrant with the scent of lemons and roses .
maggie felt her mothers hug , and the light , familiar scent of chanel no .
it seemed to waft the lovely rose scents right into the bed with her .
aside from that , the living room was tidy , each cushion in its place , the smell of chinese pancakes and plum sauce slowly beginning to mix with the scent of lavender potpourri on the coffee table .
she could smell the scent of tobacco on him as it clung to his clothes and hair .
the scent of baking rillettes and the ever - plentiful croque - monsieurs filled the air .
so strong and pleasant was the scent , in fact , that it succeeded in blotting out any aural hint of medicine or antiseptics in the small hospital .
her heart quickened as garys distinct scent filled her nostrils .
the whole mansion smelled of fir boughs and toasted cinnamon sticks with the scent of even greater , impending , wonders wafting in the air .
i caught another whiff of perfume .
she wore an understated blue pantsuit , had a large diamond ring on her left fourth finger , and smelled subtly of expensive perfume .
the world she sat in was strange , its heavy scent of paper and ink weighing on her mind , but the male constitution was unchanged ; he figured he could brush her request aside with little regard .
as the last twinkling of light speed from the sky , a brisk wind developed , and the undeniable scent of snow filled her nostrils .
dropping to her knees , she clutched it to her face , allowing the scent of him to fill her total being .
an intriguing scent emanated from her , so subtle that i thought i must have intuited it .
i sniffed the air , catching a whiff of angel kiss , a scent amanda used only when she wanted to make love .
warm sawtooth sunlight flooded his mind and , with it , the scent of pine forests and the rough feel of granite .
scents of sage and fir filled the air , sweet and refreshing .
the perfume on the sweater .
the bowl of vegetable soup sent the pungent scent of herbs and spices wafting towards his nostrils .
i m back there and this time i can see its face , its there but i ca nt describe it , ca nt describe anything just the memory of its teeth ripping into my flesh , my tongue , gouging my face , my nose , my eyes until the sockets are hollow and i can feel the sweet scent of its bloody breath , its air flowing into my brain through what s left , and then , its tongue , hot , sticky , touching , exploring , poking through my right eye socket , deeper , entering my brain , entering my thoughts , and i want to scream , i want to tear my hair out , tear my skull off , tear my brain out just to make it stop if only for one second , one millisecond , one part of hell , anything just for this to stop , oh god , oh lord , please please please and then it stops and i m back .
the wind blew the tal scent away from him .
she inhaled the scent of the food , but did not yet touch it .
the scent of the sea that shed noticed earlier was stronger now on the breeze .
there were empty wine bottles , dirty glasses , and full ash trays everywhere , plus the unmistakable odour of womens perfume , and lots of it .
anyway once all the details had been sorted and the girls had been given a stiff one , drink that is , of brandy just to calm the nerves ian thanked them for their time , stood up , retrieved his handkerchief which was by now covered in eye make up and smelt of womens perfume .
and what s that smell , its that a womans perfume ?
the scent of gravy and pies filled the air , welcoming her to what was sure to be a superb breakfast .
claire carefully picked up a powder puffthe powder was still intactand sniffed at the gentle gardenia scent .
zo noted they were nt like any of the baby powder or musk scents that were so popular today ; these perfumes captured the scents of different blooming flowers .
zo noted they were nt like any of the baby powder or musk scents that were so popular today ; these perfumes captured the scents of different blooming flowers .
heres where the tobacco scent is coming from .
she could even smell the musky scent of his cologne she used to experience daily in his arms .
the big , teeming , strapping , brawny city belched out a variety of perfumes .
co - mingled with that base scent were the smells of each specific neighborhood .
while along fifth avenue the aroma of shit and gasoline was blended with french perfume , travel a few blocks east and the unmistakable odors from the eastside gashouses swirled over the short city blocks .
archie could focus on nothing else but the softness of her body and the subtle perfume of her skin .
he could smell the salty scent of her soft skin and could feel her moist lips on his forehead .
as a horseman , the smell of hay and horseshit were as sweet as the scent of any rose .
the walls smelled of sour ammonia , a scent that seemed permanently ingrained in the wood .
he was so close he could smell her perfume .
as she passed , the scent of a light fragrance rose from her hair .
as she passed , that alluring scent from her hair came over me again .
it was the same pleasant flowery scent as when i first met her in the library .
now i recognized it was the faint scent of violet , like her middle name .
i leaned in close , breathed in the scent of her hair again , and kissed her on the temple .
and leave rachel 's perfume , and her hairbrush .
the heat of the indies had n't done the battered tin of bear grease any good , either ; the rancid fat nearly overpowered the scent of the peppermint and other herbs mixed into it .
no mistaking that smell , even overlaid as it was by grave reek and the incongruous scent of night - blooming jasmine from the vines that grew in tubs by the terrace .
accompong nodded and took a deep breath , sniffing appreciatively at the mingled scents of cassava porridge , fried plantain , and frying pig meat .
no fresh outdoorsy scent to go with his looks , though .
` ` we 'll be there soon , mr . thornton ... payne ... the third , your highness , sir , '' came from the wiseass in the front seat driving a limousine so new the leather had a robust scent .
a scent teased his nose .
he answered , trying to keep his eyes fixed on gwen 's meeting , but abbie 's soft scent climbed inside his head with every breath .
he filled a crystal glass two fingers deep with forty - year - old macallan whisky , inhaling the sweet toffee and woodsy scent of the rare blend .
a lingering trace of tear gas clung to her hair , but standing so close to her filled him with the scent of her skin .
he inhaled deeply , enjoying the musky scent of their lovemaking .
she whispered , and inhaled the scent of warm male .
if she closed her eyes she could shut out the world and still smell the lingering scent of their intimacy from this morning .
the wind lifted her hair and floated her scent over to him .
when he did , it brought him close enough to syd that he could smell the sweetness of her perfume .
his warm , masculine scent permeated her head as she became acutely aware of his muscled biceps pressed against her upper arm while they listened to papa roach sing ` ` tyranny of normality . ''
syd fisted her hand in steele 's dark hair as she inhaled the innately masculine scent of him .
he froze as he reached for the button and caught the lingering scent of sydney on his clothes .
he closed his eyes and savored the sweet , feminine scent .
to bury his face against the softness of her neck and just inhale that sweet perfume of hers .
` ` i 'll rest a lot better with your scent on my skin . ''
i ' m sure you could find a better female to sniff , maybe one with a more expensive perfume than eau de bath soap . ''
his husky voice added to the simple action of breathing in her scent had a strangely erotic appeal , spun her nerves into a frenzied tangle .
he soaked in her scent , wanting to taste her more than he 'd wanted to taste anything in the last two years .
she breathed in his male scent , engaging parts of her mind and body that had been dormant too long .
he 'd wanted her since the first time he 'd inhaled her scent and last night had only increased the level of that want .
she missed his warm scent she 'd breathe in whenever he worked shoulder to shoulder with her in the yard .
when his chest moved close to her face , she inhaled his scent and wanted to lean forward another inch to touch her lips to his skin .
he could smell her fresh shower and sweet feminine scent .
she stuck her face in his pillow , but the scent was gone .
the waves would crash and the wonderful scent of saltwater would soothe their naked bodies .
he paid his check at 6:40 and left the coffee shop , hugging dell on the way out and choking on the fumes of her cheap perfume .
there was a swirl of giggles , of ` ` hello , ms . lawson , '' wet hair , the gentle perfume of both ymca chlorine and bubble gum , the sound of backpacks being shucked off , of seat belts fastening .
i could smell her perfume , and i remembered the smell of it in her suv , remembered the crunch of the catfish as margo and i slammed her seat down .
i made sure i was shaved smooth and my eyebrows were plucked , and i put on all the usual lotions and a tiny dab of perfume .
the heavy scent of the mimosa twined with the hot - penny smell of blood .
i stood on the tiny back porch for a minute , inhaling the faint scent of the new leaves on the climbing rose vines .
before i saw him , i could tell who it was by the scent of his aftershave , for he was fond of smelling sweet .
the scent of the banks of flowers filled the air of the church , already challenged by all these people , and my head began to ache .
maybe because i was stifling - the press of people and the heavy scent of flowers almost overwhelmed me - i found myself wondering if my own funeral would have been as well attended if i 'd died when i 'd been abducted years before .
the smell of him , his skin and hair and deodorant and cologne and clothes , the combination of scents that said jack filled my senses .
as i moved from one immaculate room to the next , i could smell the sultry scent of lavender , roses , and other fragrances you 'd normally only find in expensive eau de toilette .
i wanted to bathe in his scent and to spread it all around me .
* * * the scent of pasta , fresh pesto , and seafood hit my nostrils the moment i descended the stairs and turned right , following the narrow hall to the kitchen .
our eyes connected in the mirror and i realized he had probably caught everything : the way my fingers seemed to want to rip a hole in my top 's hem , the way my eyes kept darting toward him , eager to soak up his every move , the way my knees pressed together tightly so the scent of dampness coming from my panties would n't give away how much i wanted him to touch me there .
the air was thick with the scent of wood and grass , but i all i could focus on was jett .
he was sitting so closely , i could smell his manly scent and take in every detail of his face and body .
i blinked rapidly , intoxicated by the scent of his skin .
he pushed me down onto the grass and lowered his face between my thighs , cupping my ass as he soaked up my female scent , making me blush .
a warm morning breeze wafted in , carrying the sylvan scent of damp wood and blossoming flowers .
jett smelled of cologne and sex , and for the first time in my life i found the scent intoxicating , just like the man beside me .
the intoxicating scent of our lovemaking hit my nostrils and blurred my vision as the telltale pull of another approaching orgasm gathered deep in my belly .
his mouth was so close to my lips , i could smell the faint aroma of coffee , mint , and his intoxicating scent .
glaring , i inhaled his scent , fighting with the voice inside my head that kept telling me to give it a shot .
the delicate scent of roses hung heavy in the air .
the intoxicating scent of chocolate and our lovemaking was my last conscious thought .
the air carried the scent of fumes and damp earth , and a faint promise that fall would soon be coming , coloring the streets in hues of copper and orange .
hearing the sound of his voice and the steady rhythm of his breathing , smelling his scent and feeling the warmth of his body - was just too much .
through the pain inside my head and abdomen , i inhaled the scent of his aftershave as he kept repeating , ` ` we 'll get you out of here . ''
i could smell their faint scent and remembered they were sylvie 's favorite flowers .
the scent of him , his warm body - everything was overwhelming .
my mind was too clouded to ask a question , too high from his scent and the taste of his mouth , too starved from his touch .
everything was quiet , but the air smelled of sylvie 's perfume and memories .
she did not have to turn her head to know that mimmi had left already for work , but her scent still lingered in the stuffy air of the bedroom .
ahead he could smell the scents of laundry .
the scent of old spice wafted gently in the air , as comforting as any hot chocolate on the coldest of days .
he was gulping air fast and a scent of grilled burgers , fries , and cigarettes accompanied each breath .
the warm air , like the rest of the hotel , carried the scent of an ashtray .
a faint smell of sweet perfume blossomed from her .
they were close and he savored the same flowery scent from last night .
sounds of morning traffic filled the air from beyond the buildings , a pungent scent of carbon exhaust filling his nostrils .
a strong scent of espresso mellowed a thick nicotine cloud .
the smell was pine , not the horrid scent of mud and urine most apartment lobbies wafted -- the smell of cats , one moscow journalist had called it .
the ground peeled up soft and clumpy and carried a sharp scent of peat .
the distinctive smell of beeswax drifted from brass stands holding thick candles that flickered in the muted light , the mild scent softening a lingering presence of incense .
the interior was about fifteen hundred square feet filled with thick quilts , varnished wood , and a lingering scent of hickory and pine .
i popped in the pearl earrings , dabbed on a very little scent , and worked on my makeup until the doorbell rang .
it was covered with a pall of red carnations , and the sharp scent of the flowers carried through the chilly air .
patty cloud , in her favorite pink , this time a rose shade , appeared at my mother 's shoulder , trailing a delicate cloud of expensive perfume and a staggeringly handsome date , some man from atlanta she 'd met at a sierra club meeting , she managed to let me know .
she 'd smelled of cucumber melon after a shower , and to this day , whenever he caught the scent of it , his heart skipped a beat .
it was overpowering , and even though i 'd taken a shower , it was still there , mixed in with the mint and lavender scent of the soap i used to scrub it away .
the barrage of scents hits me hard , and when i see the food on the table i drool a little .
as he lets out breathy snores , his mouth open , the strong scent of alcohol and pepperoni pizza wafts right towards me .
a bourbon scent emits from his pores , and after trying different soaps and colognes , we found some that work to mask the repugnant odor .
the familiar cranberry and garlic mashed potato scent permeates in the air and old couples in tables drink coffee and smile .
i press a strong kiss to her lips , inhaling the vanilla scent of her hair .
the water swishes into a pale pink hue , and i breathe in the flowery aroma , the scent pretty close to lilies .
as conflicted as she was away from him , when she was in his presence , he was like a heady perfume .
it was comfortable and relaxing , and she could have laid her head against his shoulder , breathing in his familiar scent , all day .
he tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear , and he was so close that she could almost taste the familiar scent she associated with jack .
she breathed in his peppermint scent and let it calm her nerves .
she swallowed and tried not to associate the musky scent he exuded with where her mind always went with it - sex .
she breathed in that old familiar scent , reminding her body not to react to the association she had with the smell .
i bristle as her cheap perfume overwhelms my senses , but i ignore the sensation .
his scent immediately invades my senses .
more of his scent overwhelming my psyche as his body presses against mine .
the moment i stand , jude 's intoxicating scent wraps around me and i inhale deeply before standing back up .
i would stand to greet her and when she drew near , i 'd pull her into my arms and envelope myself in her sweet scent .
pushing open the heavy oak door , the scent from the oven - baking pizza stirs memories of forgotten hunger .
i can smell vanilla lingering in the air she just occupied , and i wonder if that 's the scent she chooses for body wash as well as lip gloss .
i push my subconscious aside and inhale deeply , catching a whiff of her vanilla scent teaming with the island breeze .
` ` i do n't think it 'll be possible with you lying so close , '' i admit , inhaling her sweet vanilla scent .
i close my eyes , inhaling his scent and pretending i did n't hear his last sentence .
` ` take me , '' i plead , drowning in his enticing scent and touch .
the dark , rich scent wafted just in front of him , teasing him with the promise of a good time and no tomorrow .
the sweet scent wafted over their bodies .
pull her in close , feel her curves mold against me as i breathe in her sweet scent .
leaning up , i nuzzle his neck , inhaling his unique spicy scent .
his scent reaches me , filling my head , reminding me of what it feels like to be wrapped in his arms , his broad shoulders beneath my palms .
see if i can somehow smell his scent lingering in the fabric .
his scent surrounds me , the warmth of his skin , his salty taste .
she slides into the passenger seat , sitting right beside me , her usual floral scent not as strong .
perhaps it 's a mixture of everything , plus her own unique scent .
inhaling as discreetly as possible , i breathe in his scent , closing my eyes for the briefest moment .
her scent , her smile , the way she looked at me when i explained hush 's background .
dipping my head , i nuzzle her hair with my cheek , breathing in her scent , closing my eyes .
his scent , the way he watches me with that calculated , hot gaze .
her scent lingers in the air , the warmth of her presence easing my earlier tension despite her obvious reluctance to come here .
her arms and legs clutch me close and i nuzzle her damp hair , breathe in her heady scent .
her scent surrounds me , heady and sweet , and i ' m tempted to jump her right here .
next thing i know he 's rushing in , rushing me , and i ' m in his arms , being clutched so tight i can hardly breathe as my face is pressed against his chest , breathing in his familiar , delicious scent .
his scent hits me first : clean and subtle , a mixture of soap and just ... him .
most of the men i know slather themselves in expensive scents all with the purpose of drawing us silly women in .
i want to lean in closer to her and inhale her scent .
leaning forward , i breathe deep , inhaling the deliciously sweet floral scent .
i ca n't even smell the usual bakery scents anymore .
of every little sound she makes , the intoxicating scent of her , how she looks at me like she 's ready to run and hide .
the scent of her hair drives me crazy .
i enter the bakery , the familiar , delicious scent of bread baking hitting my senses , making my stomach rumble despite not really being hungry .
i miss her scent , the way she likes to cook my dinner , how she snuggles up against my back when we sleep together .
she huddled close to him , inhaling the spicy scent of his chest and resisting the urge to crawl into his lap like a scaredy - cat .
his scent enveloped her , and she lifted her face for a kiss automatically .
he walked in and the humidity hit him , as well as the perfume of the roses .
greenery exploded into view - the jade of fresh leaves , the smell of turned soil , and the thick perfume of roses .
she stepped inside the greenhouse , immediately noticing the damp , warm feel of the air and the thick scent of roses and fresh dirt .
unable to help herself , gretchen moved to the roses and leaned over to take in their scent .
the delicious scent of baking bread filled the air , but he could see no one .
they headed into the greenhouse , and gretchen was immediately hit by the humidity and the perfume of the flowers .
they ' ve been bred and crossbred with each other for the best qualities - long stems , bright colors , lovely scents .
the day after that , white roses with pink edges and a delicious scent that was so thick it made her nearly dizzy with delight .
she closed her eyes and leaned into his embrace , taking in the lush scents of the rows upon rows of roses and the smell of damp earth .
she clung to him , enjoying the warmth of his arms around her , smelling the fresh dry cleaning scent of his clothing .
if she had to admit it to herself , the scent was ... wonderful .
reese smelled like soap and warmth and the outdoors and that spicy , musky scent she was starting to identify as pure reese .
inhaling his scent made her think back to the kiss on the dock , and her gaze automatically went to the window , looking outside for a familiar form .
he would n't have been able to see her watching him , sniffing his jacket and basking in his scent .
his warm , musky scent filled her nostrils and her breathing started to speed up as he moved in .
the door opened and there was a rattle of silverware , followed by the scent of pancakes .
it felt too good to be huddled in his arms , her face against his neck , breathing in his scent .
she opened the door and inhaled his crisp , just - showered scent .
her skin was like silk and he could n't get enough of touching her , tasting her , breathing in her scent .
here , her scent grew more exotic , sweet and musky , and he could n't wait to taste her , to take her right to the edge and watch her fall over .
he leaned closer to her , inhaling her fresh scent .
he was close enough that his scent , a mixture of clean refreshing soap and minty fresh toothpaste , flooded my nostrils and i clenched my legs together hoping to relieve the growing ache in my sex .
our arms and legs were tangled together , his masculine scent all around me , i could feel his erection on my back ... it was seriously like a scene from one of our books .
being pressed against his hard chest , engulfed in his heavenly man scent , and having his arms wrapped around my waist was nearly my undoing .
there 's got to be some virginity scent that you have and we need to figure out how to bottle it up and market it .
i stopped breathing momentarily as the sight of him mixed with his masculine scent flooded my senses .
i could smell his unique ash scent and could n't wait to snuggle up in it later that night .
feeling his solid body against mine , inhaling his clean masculine scent , hearing his raspy voice say my name ... the assault of all things mason on my senses was too much for me to take .
i closed my eyes and turned my head so i could inhale the scent of her hair .
he pulled me to his body , and i reveled in his masculine scent .
his scent was intoxicating and his touch entranced me .
i kissed the top of her head and inhaled her sweet scent .
chapter twenty one love madness ~ muse i ' m yours ~ jason mraz scarlett waking up covered in all things ash took me straight back to the numerous nights i had spent in his bed the year before ~ his arms holding me securely against his body , his legs tangled in mine , his masculine scent filling my nostrils , his morning erection pressing into my back .
i was scared to death that if i stared in her big brown eyes , if i inhaled her sweet , heavenly scent , or if i touched her silky , soft skin , that i would fall right back into that unhealthy obsession i had for her , similar to the temptation of someone sitting a bottle of whiskey directly in front of me .
her scent reminded me of a warm night on the beach , the fresh air mixed with a hint of ocean sea breeze and coconuts .
her clean coconut scent was intoxicating , and i could n't help but kiss my way over to her earlobe , nibbling on it a bit .
do n't breathe in his heavenly scent .
whitley was standing so close to me that i could smell her perfume .
i could smell the sweet earthy perfume of wood and dirt mixed with scent of the warm plastic tarp .
i could smell the sweet earthy perfume of wood and dirt mixed with scent of the warm plastic tarp .
i breathed in the scent of italian spices , and my mouth started to water .
i wrapped my arms around his neck , breathing in his masculine scent .
his sexy male scent made me want to inhale deeply .
this was a familiar scent for me .
the house smells like wood smoke now , one of my favorite scents in the world .
the scent overwhelmed me .
a hint of vanilla perfume wafted up from her neck .
her hair smelled sweet , the scent mixing with campfire smoke .
the dampness made the scent of pine even stronger here in the middle of the forest , and i inhaled deeply , leaning against eliot 's chest .
if it were n't for the deep scent of leather and cinnamon , i would n't have known it is axel who held me so tenderly .
i let the safety of his strong arms and the comforting scent that only comes with axel , carry me off to the numbing blackness .
my nose fills with his hardy scent immediately .
his heart is pounding rapidly against my ear and his scent , which is now mixed with my arousal , is invading my senses .
i joke , leaning into his neck and inhaling his intoxicating scent .
i offer him a weak smile before pressing my face into his pillow and pulling in his scent .
leaning down and kissing my son softly on his small head and breathing in his baby scent has me choking on my emotions again .
every time the scent of vanilla hits my system , it is like a signal straight to my dick to salute the heavens .
the only place that i know i 'll feel one hundred percent safe is in beck 's bed , where i can pull the covers around me and let his scent surround me .
wrapping my arms around him , i let his comforting scent and strong body ease some of the tension from me .
he takes me in his arms , and i breathe in his woodsy scent and try not to panic , thinking about emmy out there alone and scared .
i jump , but when beck 's delicious scent washes over me , i smile just as big as the two love birds at the front desk .
` ` something smells damn good , '' jude said to me , sniffing the air that was thick with the scents of lemon and butter .
chapter nine the scent of patchouli and the beat of reggae swept through the hallway , alerting me that my roommate and friend , india , had , was currently , or was about to get her freak on in our dorm room .
the heat blasting through the car heightened jude 's normally subdued scent .
i enjoyed the scent of salt on his skin .
the scent of fresh bread and basil hit me full - on as soon as we made our way inside .
he was so close i could smell the scent of his favorite soap .
having him here , his presence , his smile , his scent ...
jamison stiffened at the proprietary touch , and the bitter scent of scotch that clung to him .
he did it now , savoring the sweet peaches - and - cream scent of her and the way her crazy hair tickled his nose .
but it was easier said than done , even when she was distracted by the delicious scent of the pillow she currently had her face buried in .
that the warm , citrusy scent she 'd awoken to had indeed come from him sleeping the night before in the exact spot where she had been lying .
chapter five the last vestiges of ryder 's nightmare faded away , helped along by the honeyed peach scent of jamison stretched above him .
taking a deep breath , he held her scent deep inside of himself as he battled once again to put the specters of his past behind him .
when she came back , she settled right next to him on the couch , and her lush peach scent wrapping itself around him like a blanket .
jamison was in the bunk below him - she 'd refused to take the bedroom and mess up the rotation , and they 'd refused to let her get on the other bus with the rest of the road crew - and he could smell the rich cinnamon - and - honey scent of her .
when she 'd moved against his thigh , the warm , wet scent of her arousal so f**king sexy he 'd almost come down his leg like a schoolboy .
he much preferred jamison 's honeyed peach scent .
it 's become a familiar scent .
the room has the light scent of vanilla and lavender .
his scent fills my head and i breath him in .
i rest my face against the soft suede and breathe the scent in .
chapter 25 the scent of peter fills my head as i lay in his bed .
the unmistakable scent of cigarette smoke lingers in the air and i glance to my right to find her .
her warmth , her scent wraps around me , intoxicating me , and i brace my hands on the wall above her head , my arms bracketing her .
drew 's familiar clean scent clings to my skin and my clothes .
sniffing the air , i catch the distinct scent of beer .
i stick my hands in the front pocket of the sweatshirt and breathe deep , inhaling drew 's scent .
i can smell her , her scent fills my head and i want her .
i drift off to sleep with her scent surrounding me , her face in my thoughts .
she follows me back to my bedroom , her sweet scent surrounding me as she stands by my side , and we go through my closet together .
i lean in closer to her and inhale the subtle scent of her shampoo .
i can smell the scent of alcohol emanating from her body .
her scent precedes her , light and floral , making me long for her .
with every gulp of air , a little bit of the perfume from her clean skin invaded my nose and imprinted itself on my brain .
it had a soft floral scent that was n't overwhelming .
she handed it to me and found the matching shower gel and a bottle of perfume .
her clothes were in my room , and her scent was on my sheets .
hell , she made breathing better because every time i breathed , i got a little bit of her scent .
before i could stop myself , i reached for the shirt and inhaled her scent .
her hair smelled like cigarettes and some sort of spicy perfume .
even just being in her room and being submerged in her scent was making my head buzz .
i heard colton 's step beside me , heard his breathing , smelled the acrid , faded scent of cigarette smoke and the fainter cologne and the ripe sweat of exertion .
it 's what i ' ve been doing for the last two years , only now it 's even harder because i have fresh images of her , the scent of her shampoo in my nose , the memory of the tingle of the silk of her bra against my t - shirt .
i stop breathing from her proximity , from the drunk - making wonder of her scent , shampoo and lemons and whiskey and woman .
i breathe in his scent , let the heat of his body warm me .
i smile into his chest , breathing in his scent .
it 's a wonderful smell , a scent that somehow is beginning to mean home to me .
colton lowers me to the bed , and i catch a scent of his cologne and shampoo and whiskey .
she usually smelled like cookies and faint perfume .
she took another step , and her heat and softness washed over me , her scent enveloped me , her liquid black eyes wrapped me up in love .
i failed ... '' i could n't take the cloying scent of his cologne , the unfamiliar feel of his embrace .
i heard a door open , and i smelled my mother 's scent .
i was still buried inside her , and the slick warmth of her body around mine was an intoxicating drug in my system , her scent in my nose an aphrodisiac , her lips on mine and her hands skating over my arms and back and chest sending blood thrumming through me , and then i was ready once more , hardening and lengthening inside her , needing her all over again .
the stench of stale beer , sweat , and perfume swirl in the air , topping off my list of cranial irritants .
her mild fruity scent combined with the comfort of her body calms my nerves .
he never smells coated in fragrance , more like an underlying flavor that runs beneath his natural scent .
the pear scent of her hair , combined with the sweet taste of her skin , is a heady mixture .
i pull the fabric to my nose and breathe in deep , his scent a reprieve to my anguish .
a gentle hum vibrates from her lips , the soothing scent of her skin a salve to my fury .
i brush my lips against each of her eyelids , taking my time to savor the soft pear scent of her hair .
she walks past me , and the scent of vanilla from her sunshine - blond hair penetrates my senses .
she rests her elbow on the table , bending forward so that her delicate vanilla scent penetrates my senses .
climbing in is easier than i thought , but once inside , i ' m surrounded by the woodsy scent of his aftershave .
a small gust of wind carries the vanilla scent of her skin , and calls to my senses .
the safety of his strength and the warmth of his touch , combined with the clean , spicy scent of his skin , would be any girl 's happy place .
i move deeper inside , allowing the scent of maple , rosewood , and mahogany to soothe my damning thoughts .
a light sheen of sweat on her skin intensifies her vanilla scent and sends my body into a raging state of arousal .
i breathe his scent in deeply one last time and straighten from his hold .
i kiss her head , breathing in the scent of her soft hair .
breathing in his woodsy scent helps me to relax and re - awakens my need .
i run my nose between her br**sts , dragging her sweet vanilla scent into my lungs .
they 're probably bitter , like the smell of the perfume that wafts off my stand - in 's body in waves .
buried my nose in to inhale her scent .
i ' m panting , breathing in deep the scent of her hair and sweat - dampened skin .
she took a step closer and he breathed her in , her scent like jasmine on a hot summer 's day .
the front door clicked and ryan strode down the hallway , bringing the scent of freshly cut grass with him .
i could smell the sweet earthy scent of wood and dirt mixed with scent of the warm plastic tarp .
i could smell the sweet earthy scent of wood and dirt mixed with scent of the warm plastic tarp .
i breathed in the scent of italian spices , my mouth starting to water .
chapter five - school devon walked across brookings quad in the early summer air mingled with the scent of blooming flowers .
he smelled good , fresh from a shower and she was glad that his scent was n't tainted with the smell of pot .
i rolled my eyes and leaned into him , taking in his alluring scent as i whispered in his ear , ` ` you are a delusional man mr .
i closed my eyes as i took in his scent that made me weak but excited .
i leaned closer as his scent filled me with excitement .
` ` you feel so good , '' i said as i took in his scent .
i laid there as he rubbed his hands up and down my back and i lightly kissed his neck , taking in his incredible scent .
i leaned over and snuggled into him , taking in his scent that already was making me ache .
i subtly took in her scent as it filled the enclosed space we were in .
i could n't help but take in her alluring scent as she whispered , ` ` you are a delusional man , mr .
i closed my eyes for her scent was mesmerizing .
i took in the scent of her hair as it was arousing me .
i took in the vanilla scent and held it up to ellery so she could smell it .
` ` not as good as you feel , baby , '' i whispered as i buried my nose in her neck , taking in her arousing scent .
i closed my eyes as i held her , taking in the familiar scent that i ' ve missed so much .
it 's the same scent that i ' ve smelled since i first met her .
i buried my nose in her neck , taking in her scent of lilac and closed my eyes .
as our tongues collided with each other and his scent aroused my senses , he took his hand and stuck it down the front of my dress , cupping my breast in his hand .
i grabbed her hand and tried to ignore the warmth coming from her body and how i wanted to lean into her , press my mouth to her neck , and breathe in the sweet scent coming from her .
i breathed in her sweet scent and almost thanked god out loud for bringing her back to me .
i almost groaned out loud when i lay down and was surrounded in her scent trapped in the pillow .
this was a better dream than most ; i swore i could smell her sweet scent in this one .
i listened to his heartbeat , breathed in his clean , masculine scent , and memorized the way my body felt pressed up against his .
i held her to me and tried to savor every second of her warm body against mine , her long hair wild from her lying on it , her sweet scent engulfing me .
my head instantly dropped to the crook of his neck and i let his large arms , warm scent , and soft words continue to soothe me all the way back to the ranch .
i tried not to get lost in his scent , or how i finally felt like i was where i belonged for the first time in three months .
the scent of food caught me off guard and i slowly made my way back to the kitchen .
the faint scent of cologne , deodorant , and some girl 's powdery floral perfume lingered in my nostrils as the plane descended , and we were shuffled out , blindfolds intact , onto a boat .
the faint scent of cologne , deodorant , and some girl 's powdery floral perfume lingered in my nostrils as the plane descended , and we were shuffled out , blindfolds intact , onto a boat .
the scent was coconut - something i was a little tired of - but i did n't care .
his skin smelled musky so close to mine , and the scent of it sent a ripple through my body .
we barely made it into the bushes before dean 's mouth was hot on mine , tasting of champagne , and the scent of his skin - smoky and masculine - surrounded me .
i pushed open the door to the rink and inhaled at the delicious scent of fresh ice that met my nose .
so i leaned in and kissed the ice , inhaling the crisp scent of it .
i did n't move , i simply breathed in the scent of ty from where my head was nestled against his neck .
then i leaned in and pressed my face to his neck , wrapping one arm around his shoulders , breathing in his scent .
i nodded and pressed my cheek to his chest , inhaling his scent .
brodie smelled like a hint of sweat and a delicious , musky , masculine scent .
he opened up the bag of food on the counter and the scent of chinese hit my nose , sending me into the giddy heights of takeaway heaven .
i shifted and crawled into his lap , breathing in his warm , male scent as i rested my head on his shoulder .
i knew it was jared , not because i had eyes in the back of my head , but because i knew the feel of his hands and the sweet clean scent of his skin , even over the smell of alcohol so strong it damn near seeped from the walls .
my throat feeling dry , i swallowed before breathing in the clean , sweet scent of rain .
i loved wearing it to bed more , particularly when he was away for work , so i could breathe his scent deeply into my lungs .
the manoeuvre had him leaning slightly towards me , and i inhaled the spicy scent of his skin underneath the haze of wine i 'd drowned him in .
the scent of travis surrounded me , and i breathed deeply .
i shifted reluctantly from the bed that was still warm from his body and covered with his scent .
the warmth of his scent wrapped around me , and i bit down on my lip as i breathed it in .
not for much longer , i thought as i filled the frypan with bacon and the scent overtook the kitchen .
he leans inward and inhales the scent of me , a loose strand of hair fallen from my ponytail he plays with in the tips of his fingers .
furtively i inhale the scent of his skin , his natural scent that somehow makes me want him to kiss me .
furtively i inhale the scent of his skin , his natural scent that somehow makes me want him to kiss me .
he smells faintly of cologne and i inhale deeply of his scent .
i shut my eyes softly and breathe his scent in , savoring his closeness and trying to force myself not to believe the truth , that none of what he 's saying to me is real .
his natural scent , it 's faint but comforting and draws me closer to him like a bee to nectar .
the house smells faintly of windex and an unnatural mixture of sweet scents that can only be attributed to some kind of store - bought air freshener .
he fits his hands on my h*ps and leans toward my neck , inhaling my scent , a low growl rumbling through his chest .
i feel her step up behind me , the warmth of her presence , the sweet scent of her skin .
i tuck my face into her neck and breathe in the scent that is uniquely hers .
i nod , and he drops it over me , and his scent wraps around me .
her perfume smells like white roses and ivy - a scent that dizzies me in an intoxicating lull .
her perfume smells like white roses and ivy - a scent that dizzies me in an intoxicating lull .
his scent overwhelmed me - citrus and leather and something else that made my mouth water .
her warmth , her scent calmed me .
this new leaf threw me off balance , and suddenly all i could think about was the scent of beer on my breath and how disheveled i probably looked .
his caramel - colored eyes were right there , and the scent of cologne , spicy and sweet , wafted up to my nose .
i could smell the familiar , masculine scent of him from here .
he swayed toward me , and the scent of him , woodsy and masculine , meshed perfectly with the morning air .
i closed my eyes to breathe in the scent .
i picked up my glass , smelling the dark , fruity scent .
the smell of sea salt combined with the perfume of the flowers , and when hunt caught me sniffing repeatedly at the air , he laughed .
kind of soapy , kind of earthy , and kind of like some other scent i could n't quite put my finger on .
contemplating the undertone scent of some tight - pant wearing guy i 'd just met ?
on top of the overanalyzing , the scent i found waiting for me when i crawled under the blankets kept me up too .
a rush of cool air burst inside my room , instantly filling it with the scent of grass and the sound of those crickets .
the stubble i felt scratching against my neck and the spicy scent were foreign .
the air coming in from the window had that fresh rain scent , and that , combined with the scent of jesse 's skin , was a powerful aphrodisiac .
anything to keep from cramming in between a couple of linebacker - sized guys who thought eau de funk was that season 's scent .
we were a few feet from the front door , so close i could hear and smell the sounds and scents of coming home ... and someone 's words were ruining the moment .
the air was permeated with the scent of burnt , and the smoke curling from the fry pan and toaster oven told the rest of the story .
that fruity perfume she liked always overpowered rowen 's softer , earthier scent , and i did n't like that .
that fruity perfume she liked always overpowered rowen 's softer , earthier scent , and i did n't like that .
my truck was , as i guessed , overpowered by that fruity , sweet perfume .
` ` just keep your mouth closed , let me hug you for a little longer , and then i 'll be temporarily okay , '' i replied , inhaling the scent of his dark shirt .
that acrid , metallic scent was so thick in the air i could almost taste it ... and i knew what it was .
his scent was captivating , and his arms were strong as he sheltered me .
our tongues were tangled as the alluring scent of him engulfed my senses .
i know that every time he came stumbling home drunk , reeking like sex and cheap perfume from whatever teenage tramp he talked into letting him in her pants you looked like he had kicked you in the gut .
the combination of cute rocker boy , too much tequila , and the heady scent of leather and sweat was starting to make my head spin .
i hesitantly bring it to my nose and am met with the burning scent of whiskey .
trying to ignore the things you say you turn to me i turn away hurts to see you every day smell your perfume on my bed thoughts of you invade my head truths are written , never said ridge picks up the pen and marks through the last line , then tilts his head to face me .
hurts to see you every day cupid shut his eyes and shot me twice smell your perfume on my bed thoughts of you invade my head truths are written , never said and if i ca n't be yours now i 'll wait here on this ground till you come , till you take me away maybe someday maybe someday when he 's finished writing , he sets the pen down across the paper .
my chest felt like it had exploded , but the smell of her soap and perfume was comforting .
i wanted to see his face and smell his clean scent , so different from krit 's .
i inhaled sharply , breathing in his soft apple scent from our shared body wash . would he ever stop making me hurt and heal at the same time ?
the stagnant air of our prison filled with scents of food - something stir - fried with a platter of warm bread to scoop it up with .
the scent of dinner overwhelmed , and i could n't stand it any longer .
scents of freshly brewed coffee coaxed me forward , despite trepidation .
his scent enveloped me , sending heartbeats racing with notes of sandalwood , juniper , and citrus .
the tip glistened with pr**um , his scent of musk and darkness spelled around me .
quintessentially q , his signature scent of lust and darkness permeated the air .
the scent of citrus and sandalwood hugged me , sending a mixture of longing and panic kicking in my blood .
i crushed against his wet , suited chest , inhaling his unique scent .
his scent of citrus kept me grounded , reminding he might have flaws , but he cared about his possessions .
we were in the kitchen , enveloped with scents of fresh bread and baking .
i swayed , wanting to smell , to drug myself with his citrus and sandalwood scent .
or the deep musky scent of aftershave and sandalwood ?
she spoke in past tense ... mrs . sucre opened an oven , and heavenly scents of cinnamon and sugar wafted as she removed perfectly cooked sweet buns .
the scents of melbourne tickled memories and a small wave of comfort descended .
his familiar apple scent and size all overwhelmed , and i did the one thing i swore not to do .
i rolled my head , searching for the scent of citrus and sandalwood .
smiling , laughing even , but everything was muted - covered by a filmy screen , never letting me see bright colours , or smell rich scents , or enjoy exquisite pleasure .
squeezing her back , i breathed in her scent of lavender and cleaning products .
throwing my arms around him , i breathed deep his heady scent of citrus and something darker , something pulling energy from my body .
her scent of orchids and frost was the last of my undoing .
my heart beat too fast as i breathed in his scent of sandalwood and citrus .
not your skin , or sweat , or perfume .
ducking my head to nuzzle her throat , drowning myself in frost and scent that was uniquely tess .
it was ingrained into his pores as much as his heady citrus scent .
i wanted to wear his scent .
i snorted , dropping my head to inhale her crisp scent .
q 's signature scent wrapped its arms around me and took away my loneliness .
the scent of tess swam in my pounding head , making my heart thud and c*ck twitch .
it all mixed in some sort of morbid perfume , resonating with the feral part of me , making me proud to be a killer of evil .
my mother with her blue - rinsed hair bent to my level , tutting under her talcum powdery scent .
i breathed in his deep scent , drowning in musk and something heady - a dirtier smell of sweat and blood and toil .
i ran my nose along her jaw , breathing her in , imprinting her scent of frost and orchids into my soul .
i hated shopping and now my wallet was considerably lighter ; my patience was fried and the disgusting overpowering perfume smell from the overbearing sales assistants who 'd fallen all over themselves to help me find the perfect stuffed puppy dog seemed to be on everything .
lowering my head to her neck , i took a deep breath catching the soft vanilla scent of her blonde hair .
i wanted to lean in and smell his clean scent .
i breathed in the clean scent of him .
i unpacked a few boxes of clothes , showered and shaved , borrowed some of my sister 's perfume and makeup , and dressed in a short strapless blue dress .
i missed her voice and the candied scent of her shampoo .
her perfume bit at my nostrils .
i could smell hannah 's honeysuckle perfume and a few of our candles .
` ` look ... nova ... '' my eyes shut as i inhale in the sweet scent of her .
but as i sit there , with my legs crossed and the blanket bunched up at my feet , all i can picture is the way nova looked the last time i laid eyes on her and how soft her lips were , the way she felt underneath me , the scent of her hair , and the sound of regret as she sobbed .
i smell a little like smoke mixed with the scent of the perfume i used to try and cover up the stench of the weed stuck in the fabric of my clothes and in my hair .
his eyes are bloodshot , like they almost always are , and i can smell the scent of pot flowing off him .
i thought i smelled a hint of weed beneath her perfume when we were back at her house , and i wonder if she 'd been smoking it or something .
i put my lips beside his ear , trying not to breathe in his scent , but it 's impossible .
i hold on to him tighter , breathing in his scent as we step out into the sea of tents , suddenly aware of how clear my head is and how much i do n't want to let go of him .
then the opening band begins playing , and music and sweat and enthusiasm deluge the field , along with the enthralling scent of smoke .
my thoughts are blurred by the lingering high and the scent and feel of nova .
i got some stuff to take care of , '' he says , and then he gets the door zipped up entirely , leaving me in the tent with the lingering scent of my weakness .
i nodded and snuggled closer to him , inhaling the scent of him and his aftershave .
shifting closer , inhaling his familiar scent , i wished we were somewhere we could do something about being this turned on .
he leaned over and pressed a kiss to my cheek , the warm , spicy scent of his cologne comforting . '
at his advice , i sucked in a huge breath and with it the fruity scent of nate 's shampoo .
his cologne taunted me , its heady scent affecting not only my sense of smell but my taste buds as well .
the familiar strength of him , his scent , his taste on my tongue , even the slightly bristly feel of his cheek on mine .
i tipped his eight - pound - three - ounce body toward my face and i breathed in his sweet baby scent .
the room smelled like eucalyptus and lavender , a lush , heady scent of escape , of something divine being sought .
my hands did the same , finding tight muscles and loose clothes and a slightly - stubbled jawline that made me want to scratch myself against it forever , inhaling the sweet scent of trevor and my own soap and a pureness .
lavender and eucalyptus were my favorite scents , sprinkled liberally throughout my little home , wafting through my senses as he explored me with hands and mouth and ragged breaths that spoke a language so different from what we 'd said to each other even at the rest area .
why was i thinking about aunt josie when i had the most incredible man i 'd ever found by the side of the road - ok , the only man i 'd ever found by the side of the road , but he was still pretty f**king incredible - in my bed , covered in my scent , my juices , our minglings still floating through the air .
the coffee maker sent out the most delicious scent of java .
for some reason i could hold it together when trevor was in the room , next to me , his scent filling the air , but joe was a stranger .
the scent of him was burned into my brain , the pressure of his fingertips , the friction of his skin against mine a sultry memory .
* * * the hair at the nape of joe 's neck was damp and he smelled like industrial soap , the scent you get after spending the night in a hotel , with a hint of bleach .
trevor finished the chorus and everyone sang it with him , the room filled with mostly working class shlumps all singing random acts of crazy draw you in ... . and when trevor sang the last line , on the word love his eyes locked with mine , opening a thousand dimensions and tens of thousands of possibilities deep within , the roar of the cheering crowd and the scent of beer , aftershave and cigarettes fading out into a cloud of nothing but me and trevor .
darla stepped forward and reached next to me , her shirt sliding open as she bent down , giving me a heady whiff of her scent and a nice view of her rack .
chapter eleven darla i woke up to an empty hotel room , the heady scent of sex and sweat , and a huge pile of $ 20 bills on the nightstand .
naked , covered in dried sweat and mingled sex scents , the rumpled sheets felt like handcuffs , the mirror a jury about to indict me for the crime of being too stupid to live .
a glimpse of myself in the mirror showed a red - eyed , sobbing mess wearing a mop of crazy , frizzy blonde hair , twisted in sheets that still smelled like both men , their musk and joe 's citrus scent filling my lungs with a kind of grief that does n't go away just because you force it to the back of your mind and pretend it 's not there .
i was completely nude and wet and my scent was all over him as he crawled to me and took me in a breathtaking kiss , my own taste in me without warning , the boldness making me ready for more instantly .
especially considering the fact that we were covered in ( and full of ) each other 's scent and sex .
the car jerked forward and i leaned against the shiny vinyl upholstery , consumed by the scent of coconut air freshener and my own fear .
hot breath tickled that spot between my earlobe and my jaw , the rasp of sandpaper on skin more a sound than a sensation , the scent of him blanketing me before the heat of his body added another layer , all hardness and burn .
she whispered in my ear , the scent of shalimar overwhelming .
unknown : and while i do love coffee - both the scent ... and the taste - i have no doubt i 'd prefer the scent ... and the taste ... of something ... more personal .
unknown : and while i do love coffee - both the scent ... and the taste - i have no doubt i 'd prefer the scent ... and the taste ... of something ... more personal .
his scent drifted to her - fresh , spicy .
his heat and scent grew stronger .
every woman had a unique flavor , like they had a unique scent , and he could drink lexi all night long .
he closed his eyes , brought the panties to his nose , and pulled in her scent .
rubi closed her eyes , took a deep breath of the rich , sweet leather scent , and hummed with intense pleasure .
filled his truck with scents that should absolutely not be in a man 's truck , but that when mixed with the leather and oil and metal , just ... shit , turned him on .
inside the cab , tawna 's perfume still lingered .
her heat , her scent wrapped around him .
the familiarity of her scent , her heat made him weak .
as she passed , her scent touched him .
her head filled with perfume .
` ` then why do you smell like her perfume ? ''
his taste flooded her mouth , his scent filled her head , the texture of his delicate skin covering heated steel teased her tongue .
the scent reminds me of you . ''
i ' m surrounded by him on all sides now , the hardness of his chest and stomach and thighs pressing against me even as his scent works itself into my consciousness .
i suck in a deep breath at the sensations rioting inside me , and immediately regret it as i pull his scent deep into my sinuses , into my lungs .
there 's a part of me that wants nothing more than to roll around in his scent , to wrap it around myself and huddle inside it - inside him - until everything bad in my life just floats away .
so close that i can smell the minty scent of his breath .
i ' m too caught up in the taste and scent and feel of him to think of anything else .
chapter twenty i drift into consciousness slowly , to the feel of early morning sunlight on my face and the scent of coffee in my nose .
somehow he 's managed to have my favorite scents mixed into a perfume that 's perfect for me in every way .
abby leans into him , breathing in his scent .
his scent fills my head along with the night breeze .
jack 's scent , his smell , fills my head and i want to make him so high from lust that he forgets everything else .
the scent fills my head .
he inhales deeply , allowing my scent to fill his head .
my nose was assaulted by the scent of sugar and yeast , and i was in a good mood .
i woke up the next morning to the scent of coffee and jack 's painting hung on the wall .
the scent of your skin was intoxicating , and yet , i could n't touch you .
jack 's scent was perfect , filling my head , making me bold .
the scent was divine .
the masculine scents of tobacco , spice , and a hint of grapefruit hit her nostrils and affected her like she 'd dropped into a godiva factory .
the familiar scents of incense and pot drifted in the air of the cozy lake house in upstate new york , luring pedestrians through the doors with a promise of pleasure .
the perfume and quick cleanup should ' ve wiped out all evidence , but she still caught the slight traces of sweet smoke in her hair and clinging to her skin .
to once again feel the burn of her skin , the softness of her mouth , the muskiness of her scent .
her scent swamped him , a delicious hint of sugar and musk that rose to his nostrils and made him want to stamp and snort like a thoroughbred about to mate .
adele crooned from the speakers , and the scents of coconut and chocolate drifted around her in puffs of steam .
the smell of wood and must hit her nostrils , along with another familiar scent , calming the instinct to scream .
an odd scent of incense and smoke drifted to her nostrils , and she shook with a sudden need she could n't make sense of .
sweat glistened on her skin , and the delicious scent of female arousal drifted to his nostrils .
a heavy scent hung in the air , deliciously musky and sinful .
the scent of freshly ground beans drifted from the kitchen .
her scent still haunted him , and slade swore he 'd never be able to go to a carnival again without remembering her heady sugary scent , like spun cotton candy in his mouth when he tasted her .
her scent still haunted him , and slade swore he 'd never be able to go to a carnival again without remembering her heady sugary scent , like spun cotton candy in his mouth when he tasted her .
just a vacant space that still smelled of her sweet scent , and a silence that cut through him with an agony he never experienced .
his scent was a delicious mixture of ginger and spice that made her want to howl like a bitch in heat .
her scent soaked his nostrils and the connection between them seethed with electricity .
his delicious scent swamped her senses , spice and a hint of citrus .
bunny squeak lay close to my paw , and the delicious scents of meat drifted in the air .
everything from that light floral scent , to her soft curls made him want her even more .
the scent of strawberries filled his head as he remembered kissing those lips not so long ago .
the scent of her perfume filled his head .
the scent of her perfume filled his head .
the scent of exhaust mingled with the crisp autumn air filled his lungs .
the shirt he wore clung to his body and his scent filled my head .
the mingled fruit scents filled his nose .
everything from his scent , to the way his skin felt beneath my fingers , to the way his muscles rippled beneath my touch made me want him more .
her scent fills his head and he 's utterly lost , unable to think or focus on anything but her .
i pictured my dream guy loving my scent , burying his face between my legs like he could n't get enough , licking me off his fingers and then begging for more .
everything from the scent to the colors has my heart racing faster .
the scent of the ocean fills my head as i tell emma what happened with cole .
his scent fills my head and i think back to last night , to laying in his bed and sleeping right next to him .
the rain makes everything have a thick , fresh scent .
the scent of coffee is too appealing to resist .
the building has that old musty scent that makes my eyes water .
the scent of her shampoo bombarded me one more time and i swayed slightly at the assault but regained my stance .
i subtly breathe in the scent of his shirt and have to stop myself from burying my face into his neck .
it 's the most unusual scent i ' ve ever smelled and it 's addictive , '' i confessed .
i waded through the crowd , inhaling a woman 's overkill perfume , stepping on a guy 's foot , which almost got me killed , but finally got close enough to spot a fidgety harper .
she burrowed her face in my neck and , unable to stop myself , i inhaled the scent of her hair .
the scent assaulted me , a fragrant punch to the chest , and my fingers itched to run through every single strand , to feel its silk .
i asked , breathing in its heavenly scent .
harper and i ran down the middle aisle as our guests threw handfuls of dried lavender over our heads , the scent was incredible and i knew i 'd never forget all the overwhelming sensations that presented themselves to me that day .
i closed my eyes and breathed in deeply through my nose in preparation but her delicious scent sent me reeling forward into her mouth , devouring every square millimeter of her lips .
and as if that was n't bad enough , just the smell of your beautiful scent sends me reeling , careening deeper and deeper into an attraction i never thought possible .
i grabbed the gifted soap and opened the cap , inhaling its heavenly scent .
i cried myself to sleep on that sofa , my face buried in her dress so i could inhale her scent .
i inhaled deeply , catching the soothing scent that was callum 's cologne .
he buried his face into my neck and inhaled , kicking up the perfume that laid dormant on my skin .
i breathed deeply to keep myself in check , but that only magnified the problem because it kicked up whatever perfume she was wearing and my head began to swim .
that is , until i caught the whiff of january 's perfume .
i reached back into my bag and spritzed a tiny bit of perfume , enough to tickle the nose but not enough to suffocate you in the car , then applied a bit of color to my lips and a thin layer of liner to my eyes .
i breathed her beguiling scent deep within my chest .
her sickly sweet perfume enveloped me .
the light , sweet , scent she wore fills my head and makes me want her .
actually , i love that scent and i ' m wondering how he found out .
my stomach grumbles at the scent of pancakes and grease .
meanwhile , the scent of her hair , and her skin , is lodged in my mind and it 's all i can do to breathe like a normal person while she lays next to me .
the scent of honeysuckle and cassie 's shampoo fills my head .
his lips are dangerously close and i ' m aware of his scent , of the way his breathing is becoming more ragged , even though we ' ve stopped yelling .
the room is hazy with cigarette smoke , and beneath that is the acrid scent of marijuana .
the door closes , and then he fills the driver 's side , and i ' m assaulted by his scent , cologne and sweat .
dawson wraps his arms around me , and i sink into him , absorb his scent , the feel of his skin against my cheek .
i inhale the scent of shampoo in his hair and the citrus aftershave or lotion or whatever it is .
i bury my nose in the hollow of his throat and breathe in his scent , and feel my tension bleed away .
the faint scent of roses wafted past as jett peered into each cubicle , making sure it was empty .
i inhaled the earthy scent of his aftershave and let it slowly engulf my mind .
not too close but enough to make me aware of his manly scent and the sudden tension in the air .
with the soft fragrance of his sheets and the heady scent of our lovemaking still clinging to our skin , i fell asleep in jett 's arms .
inhaling his scent , i settled against his warm body .
i smiled against his hot skin and inhaled the fresh , clean scent of his hair .
i breathed in his heavenly scent , savouring his proximity , the moment .
the soft breeze from before turned into a strong gust blowing up the leaves , and the air carried the scent of oncoming rain .
a faint scent wafted past .
his mouth came so close i could smell the faint scent of mint and that intoxicating fragrance of his that always made my knees buckle beneath me .
inhaling his scent , i stared at jett 's bulging biceps as he strained to push the rest of the wine rack aside .
and i drowned in the sea of release , the air heavy with our scent mixed with herbs .
inhaling his intoxicating scent , i buried myself in his waiting arms and closed my eyes against the cascade of butterfly kisses descending upon my face , forgetting the world around us .
the scent of vodka was pouring out of his mouth , i ' m pretty sure i could get drunk just from his breath .
i inhaled his scent surrounding me and smiled while climbing into his bed .
i pressed my face harder into his left hand and closed my eyes , inhaling his clean masculine scent .
i desperately wanted to go back home , curl up in chase 's bed , breathe his scent in and numb my heart and mind again .
chapter two i vaguely registered a subtle vanilla scent and a small , warm body curled up in mine .
her body stiffened , and i could n't help but lean my head toward hers , skimming my nose along her jaw and subtly breathing in her sweet scent .
i breathed in the heavy scent of bacon , and my stomach growled .
i leaned close , letting my chest press against her back , and i almost groaned when i smelled her soft , vanilla scent again .
i let my nose trail up the inside of her forearm as i took in her subtle vanilla scent and kissed her wrist before removing her hands and walking out the door .
i inhaled her vanilla scent and wished i could promise her that i would never do anything to hurt her again , but we both knew that would be a promise i could never keep , ` ` go eat , sweetheart . ''
i kissed her softly and skimmed my nose across her cheek , breathing in that soft vanilla scent that was distinctly my princess .
the soft scent of vanilla registered in my mind at the same moment i felt the tips of harper 's fingers trailing up my arms and over my shoulders .
i swear i can feel harper in my arms , smell her light vanilla scent .
without warning , the scent of coffee fills the air .
i brush my face against her hair , inhaling the scent that still captivates me .
he lowered further , and i could feel his breath on my face , the sweet scent of him dragging into my lungs with each inhale .
his scent trickled into me as his hand reached up and stroked the side of my face .
as soon as the scent of fresh air wafted into me i stopped and breathed it in .
the scent of sweat and garlic wafted off him .
then i breathed in the familiar scent of what reminded me of a fresh cut grass - logan .
i inhaled the scent of meat cooking and smoke as if i was at a barbecue .
the familiar scent of raul drifted into me , and my nerves sparked .
i could hear his heavy breathing and smelled the scent of his last cigarette .
i pushed his hand off my neck then stepped back so i could take one breath without having to breathe in his delicious scent .
kat was already awake , and the scent of coffee brewing had me inhaling deep .
the scent of his soap drifted into me , and i inhaled deep , closing my eyes .
he slipped his finger into his mouth and tasted the scent of her shampoo , coconut papaya with a hint of vanilla .
emily wrapped around him trembling , her lips against his , the sweet scent of her skin so close he tasted it .
the scent of him with each breath had my insides quaking and my stomach dropping .
daisy comes up from behind me and i ' m overwhelmed by the smell of perfume and hairspray .
i catch a faint hint of kayden 's musky scent mixed with cologne .
the inside smells like old cheese overlapped with a pine scent .
i squeeze my eyes shut , inhaling the scent from kayden 's shirt .
i inhale the scent , remembering how it felt when kayden kissed me , before i toss the shirt on the bed and insert my arms through the sleeves of a plaid shirt .
after a while her scent and warmth get to me and my hands slide up to the bottom of her back .
i let my head fall forward into his shoulder , breathing in his scent .
the streetlights flicker through the raindrops and i inhale in the scent , closing my eyes .
` ` i know ... '' i smell the scent of her hair ; shampoo mixed with cigarettes from luke smoking in the car on our way here .
i nibble at the tip of her earlobe and breathe in the scent of her hair .
it smells like his cologne mixed with a scent that belongs only to him and i inhale deeply , relishing it .
micha i ' m woken up to someone sucking on my neck and the scent of vanilla .
the bus ride takes forever and the seat i end up in has a funny smell to it , like unwashed socks mixed with a very overwhelming floral scent .
i shut mine , too , but only because being so close to her , breathing in her scent , feeling the warmth emitting from her body is driving my body into a frenzy .
the evening sky is cloudy and there 's the faintest scent of rain in the air .
` ` she told me the other day , '' i say , breathing in his scent .
the scent of cologne flowing from the blanket that 's over me is familiar .
he leans in , getting his chest closer to my face so i can get a whiff of his man scent .
i discretely breathe him in , letting the scent of him saturate my lungs .
i can feel all the warm , hot , overpowering sensations , and i breathe in his delicious scent , taste the anticipation .
when i open the door , my nostrils are instantly flooded with the scent of paint thinner .
i lower myself down onto the armrest and i ' m overwhelmed with the scent of nail polish and her shampoo .
` ` because '' -i lean closer to her and start to shut my eyes when i get a whiff of her perfume , but quickly blink my eyes open- '' i want to let you know that i understand how you 're feeling and that sometimes things do feel all crazy , but it 'll fade . ''
there 's so much clearness in it and i ' m hyperaware of everything , from the way his lip is slightly swollen from where he chews on it to the intoxicating scent of him .
he has candles burning on the nightstands and in the windowsill , creating the perfect glow and lavender scent to make love in .
i open my mouth to scream bloody murder , but arms encircle my waist and i catch a scent of a very familiar cologne and relax into ethan 's touch .
his hands comb through my hair and i breathe in the scent of him as i clutch on to his arms , wishing he was n't leaving me .
i ' m enjoying the moment , basking in ethan 's scent , the feel of him next to me , and how he makes me feel so complete inside instead of empty .
his room still smells like him , too , as if the scent of his cologne is embedded in the carpet fibers .
i ' ve always loved the smell , a simple scent bringing me instant comfort even in the darkest times .
i know it 's him because of the overpowering scent : his cologne mixed with mint and beer and something intoxicatingly wonderful that belongs only to him .
he taps the cigarette on the side and then holds it in his fingers , smoke filtering through the room and erasing the delicious cinnamon scent .
she smells like vodka and vanilla and i bask in the scent , ready to get home because i ' m seriously about to lose it .
she relaxes her head against my chest and i breathe in the vanilla scent of her hair .
he smells like cigarettes and paint , but there 's no scent of booze .
his scent fills my head as he rocks against me and holds my wrists to the bed .
the sound and scent of the ocean fills my head , but the fireplace next to the table warms the room .
the scents of fall , sea water , and crackling wood mix together .
the scent of the ocean , the sound of the waves , and the fuzzy new sweats are caressing my skin .
chapter 1 the city has that scent in the air , like it 's going to snow .
the scent of his cologne hits me hard .
the scent of salt water fills my head as the wind blasts my face through the window .
i do n't want to believe her , but i smell her deodorant and her perfume is still there .
his scent hit me hard in the stairwell .
i feel the supple sheets and marty 's scent fills my head .
it has the sharp crisp scent .
his wife would have been making pot roast and wintery foods that fill the house with delicious scents .
his scent fills my head .
when i walk out of the bathroom i ' m hit with the scent of bacon and coffee .
his hand has my scent .
his scent fills my head as i jiggle the screwdriver and the buckle comes free .
sean 's scent hits me hard and makes me choke .
my tongue tastes the sweetness and recognizes my scent .
everything had to be absolutely perfect in order for any of this to work because travis and his men were the type to sniff out your lie before they caught a whiff of your perfume .
i buried my head in his neck , inhaling his scent that used to be musk and tea but now was just him mingling with the salty air .
i leaned in close and coaxed him with my eyes , trying not to inhale too much of his intoxicating scent .
the girl did n't even have to look up to know who it was - the scent of angel perfume was way too strong .
the girl did n't even have to look up to know who it was - the scent of angel perfume was way too strong .
everything was beautiful , from the perfume of hot asphalt and night - blooming flowers to the ornate streetlamps that lit up the colonial - style buildings as we got closer to the city .
i caught a whiff of her perfume , freesia and linen .
it smelled different here , the scents of cars , food , and cement all different than the city smells from des moines .
they smelled divine , their sweet scent filling the kitchen with images of summer .
the scent relaxed me , my shoulders dropping down from my ears to rest where they were supposed to .
i held this moment in my mind , the heat of the water , the touch of his skin against mine , the scent of him filling my mind .
the fingers stopped and i leaned into the hot water , the scent of my shampoo filling the room .
i could almost smell his cologne , the soft scent of his soap as i remembered .
the air was cool , but with a heat of something warmer coming , the sweet scent of apple blossoms filling my mind .
i walked slowly through the trees , absorbing the sweet perfume of the flowers , and soaking in the warm sunshine .
this close to him , i could smell the soft scent of his cologne and his leg was warm against mine .
i took a deep breath , my insides going tingly at being wrapped in his scent .
i took a deep breath , my insides going tingly at being wrapped in the scent .
i remembered the sweet scent of plumeria , and went to find one of the strange - looking trees .
he was between my legs in less than a moment , his masculine scent heady and intoxicating .
the shirt smelled like dean , and i breathed it in , enjoying the scent .
i stepped closer to her , smelling her sweet perfume .
i smiled at her unapologetically , before giving gramps a hug , inhaling the scent of tobacco lingering on his clothes .
i needed out of that apartment where cassie 's scent and my memories of her lingered .
i breathed him in , the scent reminding me of being here with jack .
the air has that crisp fall scent , and i know there will be frost tonight .
the scent of cinnamon hits me hard and my stomach churns .
i open the lid and get treated to the scent of powdered sugar , yeast , and cinnamon .
the intensity in his eyes and the way his scent fills my head and makes me long for more .
it smells nice in the bathroom for a change and i realize it 's her stuff that left that clean scent in the air .
her scent wraps around me , and i want to bury my face in her hair and drink her in .
i take in the scent of her again and revel in the feel of her in my arms .
i rest back on my hands and lean my shoulder into his , breathing in his scent of cologne , mixed with campfire and a hint of dirt .
i sat there swimming in the scent of his soap .
i can smell it in your expensive perfume , in the quality of your ridiculous clothing , in the bracelet wrapped ' round that delicate wrist . ''
i slipped on my dress and shoes , and spritzed myself with one of abri 's assorted choices of flowery perfumes .
i could feel his breath fan across my face as he examined me , could smell the spicy , clean scent of his soap , could practically count the hairs on his head .
i took advantage of the nearness and took a deep breath , inhaling his incredible scent of woods and water and my eyes rolled into the back of my head .
i took a long , silent drag , letting the smoke out slowly and filling the car with an intoxicating scent .
we lurched forward and her hair whipped with the wind , sending the unlikely scent of her vanilla and grapefruit shampoo my way .
all too soon , we were at my door and i slid off , away from her warmth , away from her scent .
instead , i turned my head toward her hair and leaned slightly , drawing in , basically gasping in , her heavenly vanilla and grapefruit scent .
she brought my face into her neck and i inhaled her scent , my knees nearly buckling underneath me .
i wrapped my arms around her tiny back and inhaled the scent of her hair , my eyes sliding to the back of my head .
the perfume sparked a memory in me , reminding me of that night i sat at her back and the wind whipped the bouquet of her hair at me .
a fierce wind blew through the tree and the most intoxicating scent swarmed my senses .
i could tell it was her because i recognized her perfume .
i do n't know if it was his soap , his expensive shampoo , his laundry detergent , some cologne or just his natural scent , but he always smelled so incredibly good and now i was saturated in his smell .
it mixed with his enticing scent in such an appealing way , that i knew i would forever combine the two .
his breath sent a shiver down my spine and i closed my eyes for a second , inhaling his scent deeply , while he adjusted our fingers on the guitar .
i snuggled up against him and breathed in his rich scent , trying to calm my mind and my heart .
i stopped when i found the scent denny liked to wear .
water was dripping from his hair onto my wet cheeks , the smell of the rain mixing with his scent intoxicatingly .
the city twinkled mesmerizingly and i inhaled his intoxicating scent deeply , as i snuggled further into his leather jacket .
before school , i would grab his band 's t - shirt ( that i still never wore ) and held it tight to me , breathing in his scent , wondering where he was and what he was doing .
i breathed in his dizzyingly amazing scent , and raptured in his warmth and comfort .
i inhaled the scent of his skin mixed with his leather jacket , savoring every second with him .
clean , manly , seductive ... it was a scent that lingered with me , even in my dreams .
my favorite smell in the world , aside from kellan 's natural scent , was wafting through the house - coffee .
sighing , i rested my wet head on his shoulder and closed my eyes , letting his peaceful scent wash over me .
i 'd decided to forgo wearing his t - shirt to school , but maybe i could get his scent to leech into my clothes .
the scent of him beneath me mixed with the smell of clean water , both of them stirring something within me .
the scent of him overwhelmed me and i inhaled it , savoring it .
inhaling the lingering scent of him , knowing that i needed to get a handle on my rotating emotions , i pushed open his heavy door .
and holding kellan , kissing him , falling asleep with him , smelling his scent again ... that had been fun too .
inhaling his wondrous scent into me , i pulled back from his mouth .
i inhaled deeply , savoring the fresh , invigorating scent that was uniquely his .
his masculine , clean , intoxicating scent hit me as his warm hands caressed my back .
the scent of kellan mixed with the light scent of sweat and flowers , filling my senses .
the scent of kellan mixed with the light scent of sweat and flowers , filling my senses .
as i felt heat staining my cheeks , kellan glanced around , then leaned down to my ear ; the smell of the leather jacket mixing with his scent was intoxicating .
he leaned down to me , and i paused a moment to absorb his captivating scent .
almost immediately , the sweet scent of almonds filled the air .
he was gone for a few minutes , and the sweet almond scent became stronger , permeating the room in a delicious , invasive way .
the scent of the flowers i keep in my window box .
i want to go to sleep without the scent of sex lingering from the last girl i hooked up with .
seriously , if mia monroe were a bottled scent , i 'd spray it all over my pillows .
when she came back from changing , she was freshly showered , and her hair was still a little damp , vanilla scent floating around her .
the scent of his aftershave momentarily soothes me .
i 'd be content to sit with my nose buried in her neck , inhaling her sweet scent for the rest of the night , in - between kissing that gorgeous mouth of hers , of course .
truth is , i do n't want to open the window in case the fresh air takes the scent of mia from my bedding , disappearing just like she has from my life .
i waded through suntanned bodies , the ocean mist of gel and perfume .
i sat with her in the refrigerated theater , smelling her cigarette breath and way - too - young perfume , watching a terrible movie , laughing .
instead of the usual boy funk there was a faint herbal scent , his cigarettes and some kind of incense , maybe patchouli .
we were in our own little zone , surrounded by perfume and alcohol breath and damp young skin .
his body was close , the scent of suede and faint smoke , like a snuffed candlewick , flooding over me .
in her bedroom , surrounded by peach satin and white wicker and the virginal flora of girl perfume , i sold her an 8 - ball for two c 's .
they held the ceremony on the football field , the grass lush and emitting a rainy perfume , our royal blue gowns gleaming in the sun .
the music is now just background noise , but i can still smell the alcohol , perfume and beer that lingers on my clothes from being inside the club .
all of the sudden , i can feel the heat from his body , smell the scent of his cologne and i can finally make out the color of his eyes .
i could smell her subtle scent and my mouth watered , making me want to put my lips all over her .
i asked again , my lips going to her hairline , breathing in her scent .
leaning over her , my face went into her neck , smelling the scent of her hair mixed with the ocean .
the light breeze was especially strong with the scent of the wild roses that grew on the outskirts of the water .
usually his scent made me sigh ; right now though , it served as more of an aphrodisiac .
cole smelled like his usual brand of scents .
i buried my nose in his hair , where the scent was strongest , and inhaled .
i took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of him .
he smelled so wonderful , with just a hint of spicy cologne over his own natural scent .
he smelled so good that i felt my eyelids drift closed with the pleasure of his scent .
i nuzzled my face into the hair around his ear , smelling his wonderful spicy scent , mixed with his sweat and just a hint of cologne .
i felt his warm breath and inhaled the scent of his aftershave - something basic and male - before he withdrew , his eyes on mine , waiting for my answer .
struck again by his scent - clean and subtle , unlike the trendy colognes kennedy favored , which always seemed to overpower any scent i wore - i felt an impulse to bring my fingertips to his face and trail them over his freshly shaven jaw , the sexy scruff from yesterday gone .
struck again by his scent - clean and subtle , unlike the trendy colognes kennedy favored , which always seemed to overpower any scent i wore - i felt an impulse to bring my fingertips to his face and trail them over his freshly shaven jaw , the sexy scruff from yesterday gone .
like dog ... combined with the chanel cologne mom always wore , plus some other undefinable scent that my mind classified as home .
he leaned closer and i inhaled the soothing scent of him .
i breathed him in , closing my mouth tight and inhaling the scent of him through my nose .
it 's the type of scent that would awaken a primal desire within any female , and good god , do i feel awakened .
i stand there for a second , taking in his scent .
i love the new car scent .
his lips press down on top of my head as i close my eyes , taking in his freshly - shaven scent .
closing my eyes , i take in his irresistible scent .
he smells divine , and for just one minute i get lost in his scent , letting all other thoughts leave my head .
i hear him breathe in my scent , trailing his nose gently along my neck and up to the back of my ear .
i can smell the hard liquor on his breath mixed with his sweet scent .
i just stand there with my eyes closed , breathing quietly , trying to take in any scent of hers that lingers .
the scent that still reminds me of that day .
her scent brings me back to the present and , when i feel as if i ' ve absorbed every bit of it that may linger in the room , i nod .
chapter three knox the overpowering scent of citrus floor polish was giving me a headache .
i shot to my feet , needing out of this room where her sweet scent was invading my senses and making my head spin .
her scent was light and crisp , with the warmth of vanilla and a hint of soap .
i could n't stop comparing your subtle feminine scent to her harsh perfume .
i could n't stop comparing your subtle feminine scent to her harsh perfume .
that scent i 'd come to love - sandalwood , leather , and male deliciousness - greeted me .
her perfume fills my head , making me breath in another gulp before she passes .
holly 's scent fills my head as i tell her no .
her scent fills my head as her hands tangle in my hair .
the scent of her hair and the feel of her nak*d body burns in my mind .
her scent hits me like a truck and i can barely control myself .
i sleep in his bed , inhaling his scent , wishing this did n't have to end .
a scent hung in the air that made something primal in the pit of his stomach tighten and ache with joy .
he gave a smooth about - face , sucking air into his nose to try and fill himself with the scent .
it took all his willpower not to reach out and touch it to feel its silky softness and bury his face in her scent .
despite her delicious scent , she was hiding something .
her scent trailed behind her out into the night and he breathed it in , closing his eyes .
he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply , letting the warmth and sweetness of her scent envelope him .
her scent floated around in his memory like a welcome ghost , making him smile unconsciously as he remembered it .
what he wanted was to find that girl , and smell that wonderful , relaxing and yet stimulating scent again .
he had smelled that same scent , heard that same heartbeat in afghanistan .
he took a deep breath , and his nose filled with her scent .
he breathed in her scent , letting it fill his nostrils and soar through his body .
her scent enveloped him , and the only thing he could think of was her .
i lean against the counter , breathing in the scent of extinguished candle .
i breathe in , smell clean hair , soap , woman scent .
his nostrils flare and he draws in a deep breath , pulling in my scent .
her cheeks flame with shame as i lift my fingers to my nose to inhale her aromatic scent .
i can smell him , sweat , faint cologne , deodorant , soap ... and me , my scent mixed in with his .
i breathe in her scent and kiss her sweet lips .
maylee could smell the clean , spicy scent of his cologne , could feel the warmth of his big body next to hers , felt the heat of his gaze on her face .
he remembered the scent of her skin , the way she made soft little gasping cries when she came , and the tight suction of her mouth on his dick .
it was a thick , musky fragrance , very different from violet 's own scent .
violet 's soft body next to his played havoc with his senses , the faint scent of her perfume filling his nostrils , and his body immediately responded to her touch , his c**k hardening .
violet 's soft body next to his played havoc with his senses , the faint scent of her perfume filling his nostrils , and his body immediately responded to her touch , his c**k hardening .
he tilted his head forward , that dark pink treat so close that he could smell the fresh scent of her skin , and gently rubbed the tip across his lower lip , not quite taking it into his mouth .
he was touching violet 's skin , breathing violet 's scent , his fingers buried in violet 's pu**y .
her juices covered his mouth , her scent was in his nostrils and coating his fingers , and he was in heaven .
the scent of something citrusy , spicy , and a bit musky all mingled to make her hum even more vibrantly like a magnet drawn to iron shavings- except the magnet was her nether regions , a familiar warmth pooling in her belly above her pubic bone , threatening to make her breathing as labored as laura 's .
his name tag was askew , hanging from his shirt pocket like an afterthought , and his messy hair made her want to see it in bed , sunlight streaming behind him , na**d and sleepy next to her , covered in their scent .
stop inhaling his scent .
` ` it sounds so crazy , '' he said , his mouth against her neck , hands riding up her back and sinking into her hair , the scent of him making her want to lick his skin just to have it in her forever , ` ` but i do n't think you mind my being this forward . ''
clean shaven now , the same spicy but dark scent she 'd noticed yesterday coming off of him again .
as they walked , the heady scent of trees in full bloom filled the air .
the scent of something good hung over the air between them .
she inhaled deeply against his neck , and he wondered if she liked the cologne he 'd chosen , a scent he 'd worn since high school , something spicy and citrusy that he did n't think twice about putting on , on days he did n't work .
the air between them held the scent of wine and a hungry tension .
alex pulled her down on the mossy ground , her nose filling sharply with the rich scent of oregano , the heat of his body against hers a pleasure she would never take for granted .
sandalwood and lavender mixed in with a light peppermint scent greeted alex along with ed .
the scent of peanut sauce wafted up and made her mouth water .
a deep breath , inhaling the scent of lavender and coffee that clung to josie like a second skin , rejuvenated him .
he closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of her little , perfect baby head .
but what took the breath out of her lungs and made the air dance a little in front of her eyes , was the teasing taunting sensual combination of body , and face , and skin , and damp scent , and everything .
she inhaled and the scent of man sweat and athleticism blended with antiseptic and glue .
the scent of spices and charbroil made her mouth water .
the scent of something garlicky wafted through the restaurant , followed by a distinct fryolater sound , like hot oil being breached by an ascending whale .
his scent was intoxicating and i wanted to just melt into him as his tongue explored my mouth .
he could almost smell her soft perfume , hear the moan she made .
she picked one of the flowers out of a vase on the floor beside her bed and raised it to her nose , closing her eyes in pleasure as the scent filled her senses .
he sat on the edge of his bed and simply held her for a moment , breathing in the scent of her hair like he 'd waited all day to do just that .
the scent of her perfume was heaven to him .
the scent of her perfume was heaven to him .
she melted down onto him , and he breathed in the scent of her , shaken by the desire to hold her to his chest and never let her go .
his masculine scent sent shivers down her back as she remembered how he 'd felt as he 'd pounded into her , filling her more completely than she 'd ever experienced .
` ` good , '' he said , breathing in the heavenly scent of her hair and imagining how it would feel on his thigh as those luscious lips of hers closed around his cock .
ryan chose this time to tease me , casually drifting his fingers under his nose as if he still wore my scent .
the fragrances of his body wash and shampoo wove me into a familiar cocoon of favorite scents .
i breathed in his familiar scent of leather and spice and skin , causing thousands of memories to surge into my consciousness .
the scent of his cologne was enough to make me want to strip him bare and nuzzle his neck for a few hours .
the closer he came the stronger the scent of his cologne became .
he smiled and inhaled deeply through his nose , like he was sensing the most pleasing of all scents .
we were so close that i could smell the scent emanating from his body ; he had a slightly spicy but light and manly aroma .
i allowed myself a moment to appreciate his warmth , his scent , the feel of his back muscles on my hands , the enjoyment this hug gave me .
the soft scent of his skin was like an aphrodisiac , making me crave him even more .
the last few miles of road were bordered on both sides by tall pines and thick trees ; the air was scented with the fresh perfume of the woods .
i nestled my frosty nose near his warm neck to add another delicious scent of him to my memory .
i inhaled deeply , enjoying the soft scent of pine and fallen leaves .
the cotton held his delicious scent .
i crawled back into bed and pulled his pillow to my chest , enjoying the soft scent of his cologne that still lingered on the pillowcase .
lush floral arrangements of roses and lilies adorned the tables and the air was perfumed with their scent .
the cotton held his scent , and although i liked his manly smell , this shirt desperately needed to be washed .
the scent of his leather jacket and cologne permeated the air .
i snuggled up on my pillow and pulled ryan 's pillow to my chest , catching his familiar scent and wishing he was lying next to me .
the smell of his scent permeated the air , reminding me of happier times .
i pin her hips in place with mine , and i ' m drowning in the clean scent of her skin and hair , in the crush of her tits against my chest , her breath coming in short , sharp gasps of surprise .
my breath sticks in my throat as he erases the inches between us until his chiseled , rugged features are all i can see , until his scent is in my nostrils and his heat is billowing against my skin .
we enter through sadie 's , the nearest door , where all is white walls and black , white , and red checkered benches , and the scent of vanilla and baking pastries and coffee , and then we 're in the florist shop and it 's all geraniums and roses .
i lean closer to her , brush my palm against her cheek and inhale her scent .
i ' m leaning into her finger , closing the inches between us , inhaling her scent .
i do n't ask , i just slide my face across her stomach , rub my cheek against her inner thigh , bury my face in her core , inhale the scent of her arousal , flick my tongue out and taste her essence .
all of her on him , his whole being in her , the rasp of his cheek against her neck , the scent of pussy and her soap filling the air between them - and the soft slushy sound of car tires wheeling by , mingled with horns and trains and carefree calls of owners to dogs said one , singular thing whispered through the lips of this gorgeous woman stretched over him , jellied limbs around his neck , spent nerves twitching in little residual movements : ` ` i love you , too , you pervert . ''
as his arms enveloped her , the scent of aftershave and his musk mingled in her senses as she inhaled , throat shaky .
underneath the scented candles ' perfume , the room smelled like the fresh cedar the cabin was made of , a scent of comfort .
underneath the scented candles ' perfume , the room smelled like the fresh cedar the cabin was made of , a scent of comfort .
it really felt as if this cabin had grown out of the ground like a tree , the knots in the wood visible in the walls , the scent of cedar filling the room .
speaking of things that felt good ... dylan 's arm found its way around her waist and he kissed her neck , the scent of wine and citrus mixed with his earthy , spicy aftershave .
dylan 's scent filled her as he nuzzled her neck , then he pulled her to the ground .
as his strong back faced her , arms scrubbing furiously as he washed his hands , the scent of orange mint floated over his shoulder , the new dish soap inviting and fresh .
too bad life could n't really be as clean and open as that soap seemed to promise , as if a scent could make the atmosphere happier than it really was .
the heady aroma of orange and mint on his hands now had the scent of hope and renewal , of wholehearted love and faith .
the closets were a fairly decent size and i could detect a light scent of fresh paint , as though they had just finished painting the pale yellow walls .
his scent that clung to his shirt engulfed me and i knew i would remember this smell for the rest of my life , and it would always bring me right back here , in this moment with him .
he laid me on his pillows and his scent engulfed me .
as he passed by me i could smell his sweet scent .
there 's a roaring in my ears as gage pulls me into his arms , his face , his scent so familiar , so dear to me .
i brush my face against her hair , breathing in her distinct floral scent .
warmth radiates from his skin , and his scent wraps all around me as i inhale deeply , breathing him in .
i take jackson from her and hold him close , breathing in his sweet baby scent , loving the way his head knocks into my jaw as he struggles .
miss james , she of the intoxicating scent that makes my head swim and my c**k hard .
or when you spend time in his office , just you and him , working together , his voice a low murmur , his clean masculine scent lingering in the air , driving you wild .
burying my face into the soft mass and inhaling her delicious scent .
those long , bare legs make my gut twist and her scent washes over me , sweet and so uniquely bryn i ' m afraid i might do something f**king crazy .
combine all that with her heady scent , her sensible work ethic , that curvy figure , her dependability , those damn black shoes that are giving me heart palpitations , and i ' m a dead man .
well , i did get hung up on her scent but told myself it was nothing .
and when i finish kissing her , i ' m going to press my face into her hair and breathe deep her addictive scent .
her scent carries on the breeze , deliciously sweet , and i inhale as discreetly as possible .
i can feel his body heat , smell his intoxicating scent , and i press my lips together to keep from saying something really stupid .
that intoxicating scent of hers that drives me wild .
her skin is soft , fragrant with the unique scent that drives me f**king wild , and i lean into her for a long , lingering moment , overwhelmed at what she does to me , how she makes me feel .
a faint sheen of sweat covers her skin , and i can smell that addictive - as - hell scent of hers wafting all around me , despite the bucket of chicken shit sitting at her feet .
i was near enough to breathe in that clean , freshly showered scent .
soon , i was near enough to breathe in that clean , freshly showered scent .
then , she inched closer , and she was so near to me i could smell her shampoo , some kind of tropical rainforest scent that made me want to thread my fingers in her hair , back her up against the wall , and kiss her .
i could hear the bell on the door jingle when someone came out , and the tell - tale scent of coffee trailed behind .
she marches to the backdoor , and i march to the kitchen where i find cleaner and some paper towels and try to rid my beautiful new handheld of that awful scent .
but her hair smells ridiculously good , a pineapple scent that lingers in the cold december air as she breaks the embrace , and my hand twitches because i have a sudden instinct to twine my hands in her dark blond hair .
she shakes her head , her hair moving with the slightest swoosh , enough that i catch a faint scent of her pineapple shampoo that already is her scent to me .
she shakes her head , her hair moving with the slightest swoosh , enough that i catch a faint scent of her pineapple shampoo that already is her scent to me .
a vase of jasmine flowers fills the boutique with a sweet floral scent .
she leans closer , her soft breath on my neck , her pineapple scent taunting me as her long hair brushes against my shoulder .
the sweet , floral scent of expensive perfume and woman .
he kissed her neck while he waited , breathing in her heady scent .
electricity tingled through her at his touch , and his scent invaded her nostrils , making her feel lightheaded .
aidan leaned over to nuzzle her neck , inhaling the delicate smell of her perfume .
emma hugged him tight , closing her eyes in contentment as his familiar scent of peppermint and old spice filled her nose .
his nose stung with the smell of her perfume while his body ached for the feel of her delicate curves beneath him .
her perfume filled his nostrils and invaded his senses .
she inhaled the scent of the sea with another sigh before opening her eyes .
she totally had no pride left by the time the waiter lifted the silver tray with a flourish and revealed a huge slab of steak , its wonderful scent making her swallow several times .
he looked at her and he wanted to kiss her , wanted to take her into his arms and lose himself in her scent , her touch , her passion .
she had once told him that she had a hard time sleeping when he was n't around and to comfort herself , she would wear his shirt just to have his scent close to her .
she walked ahead of him , her h*ps swaying seductively as her perfume wafted towards him .
` ` i can do it myself , '' she protested weakly , trying not to inhale too much of his wonderfully male scent .
unthinkingly , she pressed her lips to one hard shoulder and inhaled his scent .
the air inside the store was clean and smelled of luxury - leather , brand - new wool , and hints of perfume as fresh as ozone crackling at the edge of the ocean .
trapped in my fabric cloak , against the bed , i could n't smell his musk over the fabric detergents and my own perfume .
the scent of cherries and sandalwood lingered on my skin .
being so close to my former lover , smelling his familiar scent , brought memories rushing back .
she tasted of sweat , and as he pressed into his work , kissing and licking , the faintly musky scent of her intoxicated him until he was high , so high , and only brynn calling his name as her muscles pulsed brought him back to the cottage .
` ` i 'll miss you , '' he said as he inhaled the spicy scent of her freshly - washed black hair .
the cleaning supplies had been put back in different places , and the air smelled of perfume .
the scent of his skin , or the food he 'd eaten , was too strong , and she would not kiss him .
the second part of my sleep was more peaceful , and i woke up to the scent of coffee brewing and bacon frying .
i took off the shirt and held it against my nose , deeply inhaling the scent of cologne and that distinctive smell of a man 's body .
when the doorman opened the glass door for us , i got hit in the face , full - blast , with the scent of riches .
i was enjoying the combination : green apple sweetness in my mouth , his sexy cologne and body scent in my nose , the sound of ladies shopping for clothes all around us , and his long fingers running in the wild waterpark in my panties .
i pressed my face against the silky - soft skin , drinking in the musky scent .
i also smelled flowers , fresh flowers , plus my own sweat , my personal scent , coming off my soaked panties .
in the dark , in the quiet room , with only the scent of flowers and vanilla , i thought i might die from pleasure .
the door opened , and the scent of hot food filled the little room .
his nostrils flared , and i wondered if he was smelling me , taking in the scent of my hair gel and perfume .
his nostrils flared , and i wondered if he was smelling me , taking in the scent of my hair gel and perfume .
nick 's scent , the way he gripped kelly 's shirt , the warmth of his body , all brought back memories of last night with a confusing rush of sensations .
this time kelly 's nose lingered at nick 's temple , taking in his scent and letting it stir everything from his mind to his body .
monica his scent cut through the dank musk of the studio before the sound of the door closing reached my ears .
his scent was everywhere around me .
on my hands and knees , i put my lips to it , thinking his name over and over , tasting the flat flavor of wood and dried lacquer , finding his sawdust scent inside it .
we were conjoined by the molecules , the scents they carried , the temperature , from her lungs to mine and back again .
i lay there another forty - five minutes , just pressing my nose to her scalp and filling my head with her scent of canned peaches .
our scents lingered on the sheets like the twin deities , pain and pleasure , lulling me to sleep with thoughts of their harmonized perfection .
his breath in my ear , his scent in my nose , the feel of his chest on my back , the way he fit like a puzzle piece ...
i shuddered a little and rested my head on his chest , losing myself in his leathery scent .
i smell her canned peaches scent and hear the warm caramel of her voice .
i located the squat blue candle lit on the windowsill that must have been the source of the scent .
his scent when his cologne 's worn off .
i caught the burned , dewy pine scent that made no sense and kept walking .
i just took in his scent of dew - soaked pine , wet earth , and smoldering fires .
i blew on the black liquid , the ripples releasing the licorice scent of the sambuca .
i took a long breath , memorizing his scent , the thickness of his hair , the cleft in his jaw , the angle i held my head to look into his deep brown eyes .
even as i noted the placement of every extra 's arms and legs , i ached for that treacherous man , his pine scent , his rock of a dick .
` ` cookies , '' i explained the scent in the air as i rounded him and his eyes tipped down to me .
so close , i could smell his scent .
his tongue in my mouth , his scent in my nostrils , his big body bent over me , those hands on me , i was ready .
drawing him in through my nostrils to memorize the scent of his hair tickling my nose .
seeing what i saw , smelling nothing but the scent that was pure deacon , having him there , morning two , after denying that i wanted him for what felt like eternity , i immediately got wet with wanting more of him .
you did n't run into me , i would n't have a chance to smell your perfume .
got you close , smell your perfume , feel your warmth , and later you 'll be in a good mood .
the wave of scent that assailed me was so strong i was certain my hair wafted back with it and the visions that assaulted my eyes did n't bear thinking about , so i erased my memory of them and shut the door as fast as i could .
he continued to stay there when he whispered in my ear , ` ` love it when my girl 's perfume is fresh .
i wrapped my arms around his solid , warm bulk , lifted my head and shoved it in his neck taking in his scent , letting everything that was him envelope me .
so attractive all i could do was stand still and take in that glorious scent .
a spritz of perfume mostly out of habit .
because if it was n't , you would n't have wandered into my bedroom that night and i would n't go to bed at night with the scent of your hair all i can smell and the taste of your pu**y still in my mouth and your sweet body close to me and know i 'll sleep easy and wake up happy .
i had three pairs of jeans , four t - shirts , five long - sleeved shirts two of those being henleys like what i had on now , a heavy sweater , a lighter cardigan , two tank tops , half a dozen pairs of undies , three bras , two nightshirts , seven pairs of socks , two pairs of cowboy boots , one pair of flip - flops , three pairs of shorts , a bikini , three books , a watch , a jeans jacket , a scarf , seven bottles of perfume ( my only splurge , i loved scent ) , some makeup , assorted cheap jewelry and not much of it and a brother .
a girl has to have a signature scent .
makeup refreshed , a spritz of perfume , having run my fingers through my hair , re - donning my fitted , fabulous black halter top sundress and strappy , spiked - heeled black sandals , my hand in gray 's , we were walking across the porch .
i had makeup on , had spritzed with expensive perfume and my hair was long and wild like gray liked it .
and i stood in a warm kitchen with christmas music playing , bay and rosemary scent all around me , safe in the attentions of two men who loved me as i cried for another one who used to love me , who used to be everything to me .
any scent you wear is a discovery . ''
chapter twelve my girl deserves gentle after sam had a shower and got on the phone , i hopped into the shower and did what i did since i started things with sam which meant the whole shebang of shaved legs , shaved pits , all over lotion , half - squirts of perfume in strategic areas and a cute outfit of white short - shorts and tight - fitting , coral pink , eyelet camisole that kicked ass with my tan .
so it was lucky for me i chose a pair of dark green , tailored , cuffed short - shorts and a kickass melon - colored tee that was sleeveless and had awesome drapey bits crossed tight at the neckline as well as light makeup , light perfume and a touch of cool - as - hell jewelry i 'd picked up at a boutique in paris .
then i wondered if he 'd notice it if i 'd spritzed on perfume when he got back .
and the candles were good ones ; the calming scent of fresh cotton was already filling the room .
so , somewhat desperately and not - so - somewhat breathily , i noted , ` ` the scent is really nice and you can tell those candles are good ones .
and i know that you use music and scents to regulate your mood .
my scent , the one i always used , was sweet pea .
i looked right as i walked down the stairs and i saw a gorgeous , older woman at the stove , bacon in the skillet , its scent filling the air and her head was turned to me .
i spritzed with perfume , put the diamond studs in my ears that dad and meredith gave me upon graduation from u of c and i slipped off my robe and started to dress .
she also now did n't wear a perfume that was a floral scent that was nice enough , though a little overwhelming , like she used to wear .
she also now did n't wear a perfume that was a floral scent that was nice enough , though a little overwhelming , like she used to wear .
now her perfume was far more understated .
it was a perfume a woman might like but a man definitely would .
he got one sweet stroke of her tongue , her strawberry scent all around , when they heard barry shout , ` ` we got chicken ! ''
this was not good because , when she did , he could smell her perfume .
she moved closer and jesus , her scent , that hair , those eyes , all so close .
her perfume assaulted him straight on and he stilled .
with that , not giving him a chance to say another word , she turned and strutted her narrow ass back through the loud , rowdy , drunk bikers and their bitches , her hair swaying , her arms moving gracefully , her scent still in his nostrils .
he knew it and did n't give a f**k as he slid out of her , kissed her throat , feeling her skin , smelling her scent , and rolled off her and the bed so he could make his way to the bathroom to get rid of his condom .
on that thought , he fell asleep , lanie curved close and held tight in his arm , her perfume all over his sheets .
lanie 's perfume was still all over his sheets .
she moved to him and stopped so close he could smell her perfume .
he did n't wear cologne but his scent was spicy .
after patrol , he wanted to go to lanie 's , take off his clothes , lay his body down in her soft sheets , curl her warmth into his and fall asleep smelling her perfume .
spritz of perfume .
your perfume on my sheets .
i was reconsidering this life rule and making plans to troll goodwill stores for stained , used sweatpants and sweatshirts , trying to contain the queasiness this thought was giving me as i opened up my food and the scent of sublime imperial kung pao shrimp hit my nostrils .
with him that close , that spicy scent of him in my nostrils , his badass gorgeousness all i could see , i lost it .
i lifted my head , sifting my fingers in his overlong hair , smelling his spicy scent , feeling his ' tache tickle my skin and i kissed my husband .
smelling lanie 's perfume , he relaxed when he let it out .
then i walked out of the bathroom , put away my stuff in my suitcase ever ready to escape , spritzed with perfume , put on some gold hoop earrings , a bunch of gold tinkly bracelets and wrapped a thin , lilac scarf edged with an inch of gold once around my neck , letting the long ends fall down the front .
i found my envelope clutch which was a soft , fawn suede , understated and not gold , pulled out my fawn - colored pashmina that had a hint of sheen but was n't overboard , spritzed with perfume , grabbed my wineglass and headed downstairs .
i got out , toweled off , lotioned , spritzed perfume and put on a pair of my new matching undies .
` ` yeah , ace , a day of you cryin ' in my arms , sleepin ' in my arms , kissin ' you , feelin ' your body , smellin ' your hair , your perfume , only so much a man can take .
then he relaxed against me and the feel of his hard , big body , his warmth , his scent hit me as his hand lazily travelled the skin of my back .
candles burning , the scent of pine .
lexie pressed into his side , feeling her tits , smelling her hair and perfume , knowing she was smiling because she 'd just been laughing .
so he let her do it again and fell asleep thinking of nothing but her warmth , her softness , the scent of her hair and f**king her in the shower the next morning .
faye goodknight talking and reacting two feet away , her voice coming at him , her face expressive , her scent filling the room , she was n't an itch .
he 'd sat in her truck , smelling her perfume , watching her expressive face , hearing her sweet voice using a variety of different tones that were as expressive as her face .
her perfume was flowery but there was a hint of vanilla mellowing it .
i 'd sprayed perfume in the air and ran through it because i wanted to refresh the scent but i did n't want it obvious i refreshed the scent and i had no clue how to do that .
i 'd sprayed perfume in the air and ran through it because i wanted to refresh the scent but i did n't want it obvious i refreshed the scent and i had no clue how to do that .
i was pretty certain i 'd made the right decision to be in my tidied house in nice jeans , with a subtle refresh of scent , soft music playing and candles burning instead of being in wyoming by the time chace got there .
tonight , faye would be in that bed with him , her hair , her scent , her body , her crystal blue eyes all a pillow away .
i 'd changed out of my work skirt and into jeans , brushed my hair and done the run through a spritz of perfume routine .
chapter eighteen my sister chace blinked away sleep , feeling faye cuddled close to him , smelling her hair , her lingering perfume and seeing the late april sun streaming into her apartment .
still , i had the scent of roses lingering in my nostrils and the feel of ham still lingering between my legs .
my breathing came faster , dragging in scents of disinfectant , beer , and the clean smell of hard work .
bowing my head , i inhaled her soft floral scent .
my balls tightened as i sucked in her scent of lily of the valley .
my nose swam with scents of sun and salt and wind .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i whispered , breathing in her subtle scent of lily of the valley .
i also spritzed on the scent every morning .
` ` talking to you makes my breath come faster , dragging your smoky scent into my lungs ... '' i pressed my fist against my solar plexus .
the sharp metallic scent of bronze and lifeless metals hit my nose .
hugging her tightly , i breathed in her fresh apple scent , praying with all my soul she would survive beyond all doctors ' predictions .
her body heat struck me first , along with her sweet , exotic scent .
i kissed her again , inhaling her apple scent into my lungs .
smell her apple scent .
his smoky scent intoxicated me and every taste bud came alive as his sinful tongue entered my mouth .
he kissed my cheek , smothering me in the scent of smoke .
her soft scent drugged me , and i lost all sense of time as we gave each other pleasure .
my lungs dragged in his scent of leather and woods .
his masculine scent threaded around me transporting me from the coffee shop and into his control .
his voice whispered over me , threading with his heady scent of woods and leather .
i could n't breathe without dragging her scent into my lungs .
his heady scent of woods and leather settled over me .
drowning myself in her scent , bruising my lips as i licked her harder and harder .
the sounds of men came and went as i passed rooms , and scents of fresh baking from the kitchens made my mouth water .
his scent of woods and leather enveloped me .
the crispness of plants and the musky scent of earth overpowered his smell , giving me a welcome reprieve from the man who drove me mad .
he hovered , his scent of woods and leather scrambling my heart until i suffered a bad case of arrhythmia .
resting my head on wings ' muscular neck , i breathed in the scent of equine and hay .
he breathed hard , his scent of woods and leather surrounding me .
i had n't noticed before , but she had a singular subtle scent of freshness - a comforting perfume that was both an aphrodisiac and intoxicant , making me fall deeper into hell .
i had n't noticed before , but she had a singular subtle scent of freshness - a comforting perfume that was both an aphrodisiac and intoxicant , making me fall deeper into hell .
the ceiling above was obscured by the bolts of persian material , and the scent of freshly spun fabric was the best air freshener i 'd ever smelled .
i rolled over , inhaling the scent of his woodland leather from the pillow he 'd rested upon .
the only scent i should inhale was the comforting notes of citrus and sandalwood of my master sleeping beside me .
her lips parted , and the scent of mint and tess 's unique smell enveloped me .
breathing in her soft innocent scent , i murmured , ` ` and when you 're finally happy , i 'll give you whatever you want .
i ran my nose down her cheek , inhaling the scent of expensive hotel soap .
his scent of sandalwood and citrus drugged me far more effective than anything he 'd given .
tracing back up , the pads of his fingers massaged my scalp , sending scents of coconut to envelope us in a tropical world .
my nose pressed against his balls , inhaling his masculine scent .
not to mention the amazing scents of garlic , herbs , and fresh pasta filling the space like a tastebud - tempting haze .
shit , her scent filled my nose .
my heart kicked harder , thrumming from his proximity , heat , and gorgeous scent of citrus and sandalwood .
holding on tight to her man , she inhaled his masculine scent combined with the leather of his cut .
the scent was amazing and sweet .
the scent of her pu**y permeated the air .
the scent of leather filled her nostrils , turning her on .
the bed dipped , and sasha 's senses were flooded by the extreme scent of perfume , another of kenneth 's demands from her mother .
the bed dipped , and sasha 's senses were flooded by the extreme scent of perfume , another of kenneth 's demands from her mother .
tuning out what he was saying , she closed her eyes and inhaled the scent of him .
stroking her hair , he closed his own eyes , inhaling her scent .
he kissed her neck , breathing in her scent .
the air had the scent of cigars and strong coffee .
she looked into the cup and smelt the scent of coffee wafting up .
her scent clung to every surface , a vanilla scent that was soothing to him .
her scent clung to every surface , a vanilla scent that was soothing to him .
her small hands wrapped around him , her scent invading his nostrils .
her small cl*t was swollen and she was so wet and juicy , her unique scent teasing his nostrils .
he sucked her and tasted the sweet musky scent of her delicious cream .
she smiled as his scent surrounded her , comforting her .
david closed his eyes and inhaled her warm vanilla scent .
her womanly scent invaded his senses .
his scent engulfed her .
the lemony scent he associated with her flooded his senses .
he wrapped her in his arms , inhaling her scent as she rested her head against his shoulder .
gabriel rested his head against hers , inhaling her citrus scent .
the scent of coffee wafted through the bedroom .
her scent teased the air around them .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her scent before pulling away , feeling uncomfortable .
her legs were wide open , and her feminine scent permeated the air .
krissy 's perfume was giving him a headache .
her perfume always turned him on first thing in the morning when she handed him the mail .
the scent of baking invaded her senses .
` ` you 're a goddess , '' heather said , taking a mug of the steaming brew and inhaling the musky caffeinated scent .
the side of her body brushed his arm , her citrus scent invading his nostrils .
her feminine scent surrounded him as he plunged all the way in then pulled out .
his masculine scent threatened to drive her insane with longing .
she came in with the scent of coffee with her .
her scent permeated the air .
her scent was everywhere .
his scent surrounded her , filling her with warmth .
the space was filled with her scent , and it comforted him .
elijah went hard at the scent of her subtle perfume and the feel of her warm curves flush against his .
elijah went hard at the scent of her subtle perfume and the feel of her warm curves flush against his .
the scents were amazing .
the scent of her pu**y permeated the air confirming his thoughts .
wayne pressed his face against her hair inhaling every bit of scent from her .
she lifted the roses to inhale their scent .
wayne inhaled her scent and knew their life was going to be okay .
her scent invaded his senses making him moan with wanting .
her scent clung to his clothes .
the unique floral scent he 'd always associated with her surrounded him .
her floral scent invaded his nostrils , and he smiled thinking about how perfectly the scent suited her .
her floral scent invaded his nostrils , and he smiled thinking about how perfectly the scent suited her .
tony closed his eyes as her scent invaded him once more .
the distinct floral scent he 'd come to associate with her .
her heady scent of cinnamon invaded his nostrils .
as he perused the menu the distinct scent of cinnamon overcame him , and he placed the menu down and gazed up at scarlet .
her husky scent teased his nostrils , and he wanted more .
he inhaled her feminine scent , finding her softness relaxed him .
i 'll never let anything happen to you , '' she heard him say as he inhaled her scent .
the scent of garlic met his senses , and he followed the smell through to the kitchen .
the masculine scent of him swamped her .
he saw the scents and creams she liked to wear .
he could n't get the scent and feel of lacey out of his mind .
kissing her neck , he breathed in the scent of her .
she stepped closer inhaling his musky male scent .
she picked him up inhaling his sweet scent before turning to her own mother .
laughing , she took the flowers inhaling their fragrant scent .
holding him close , she inhaled his scent feeling all the love she had for him come crashing through her .
he wrapped his arms around her , inhaling her scent .
inhaling her scent , butch calmed down .
pushing the band of her panties aside , he inhaled the musky scent of her pu**y .
the masculine scent of his deodorant wafted up to her nostrils .
he stroked across her cheek , moaning at the scent coming off her .
her scent invaded his senses , and he could n't deny himself a taste of her cunt .
her lemony scent invaded his senses .
wrapping her arms around his neck , she breathed in his masculine scent .
he stood close to her , inhaling her sweet scent .
leaning down , she inhaled simon 's sweet scent hoping her smile stopped everyone from looking too closely at her .
the scent of coffee wafted up to him .
the scent of bacon mingled with the coffee , calling to him .
the sound of the door opening followed by the feminine scent of strawberry swamped him .
tiny inhaled her sweet scent knowing she would make everything fine .
collapsing against her he basked in her scent and the feel of her pu**y fluttering around his length .
his hands started to shake , and the scent of booze lingered in the air .
wrapping his arms around her waist , he breathed in her scent .
he buried his head against her neck , inhaling her scent .
he was so f**king in love with her , and all he wanted to do was drown in her scent .
the scent of homemade lasagna filled the air .
the scent of leather and his own natural smell overwhelmed her .
his arms wrapped around her with his scent surrounding her as they moved together .
her face was flushed , and the slight scent of alcohol radiated out of her .
mouth watering at the sight before him , he inhaled her musky feminine scent .
the scent of cinnamon , milk , and chocolate filled the air .
hardy would come home stinking of perfume because of the sluts rubbing against him .
he wanted to soak in her musky scent , knowing he was the cause for turning her on .
murphy breathed in her scent .
her lemony scent clawed at him to push her to the bed and force all memory of kate from her mind .
her scent was addictive , and he wanted to surround himself with her scent .
her scent was addictive , and he wanted to surround himself with her scent .
his scent clung to the leather , and angel knew she was n't going to wear anything else .
she snuggled close , inhaling his masculine scent .
she lay in his arms inhaling his masculine scent .
james inhaled her sweet scent and wondered how she was getting on .
closing her eyes , prue inhaled his scent .
she loved the fact his scent was comforting to her and that she needed him in order to feel safe .
her scent lingered , or it could have been his imagination trying to pull every possible sign of her .
his scent surrounded me , and i needed a break from being me . ''
her scent , the way she looked , everything captivated him .
she always wore the most subtle perfume , which always drove him crazy with wanting her .
her scent already filled the air with her sweet perfume .
her scent already filled the air with her sweet perfume .
the scent of the basil was nothing compared to the scent of her creamy pu**y .
the scent of the basil was nothing compared to the scent of her creamy pu**y .
she stared at the impressive length , inhaling the musky scent of their combined releases .
her glorious scent surrounded him .
kevin held her close inhaling her lemon scent .
james felt every supple curve , and her scent invaded his senses .
all he smelt was her subtle perfume that permeated the air .
his subtle masculine scent teased her nostrils .
the scent of leather and hard muscled man was intoxicating .
biting her lip , she closed her eyes enjoying his scent surround her .
she was becoming addicted to his masculine scent mixed with the hint of leather .
her feminine scent teased the air .
the sound filled the air around him like the scent of her pu**y did .
her feminine scent surrounded him , calming his nerves .
the moment he walked inside his house the scent of garlic and basil assailed his nose .
the scent of whiskey on his breath made her aware of his inability to drive .
with the scent of coffee surrounding him , he grabbed the paper from the letter box followed by any mail .
the scent of wealth and extravagance surrounded him .
the musky scent of her arousal teased his nostrils .
the scent of the books always soothed her chaotic mind .
he inhaled her scent , and all of his worries disappeared into the night .
a floral scent teased his senses , and he leaned closer and inhaled .
the scent was her natural fragrance .
her floral scent as she moved away had filled his senses making him crave for more .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her scent .
the scent of cupcakes sent him right back to his childhood .
chapter twelve the following morning , violet woke up to the scent of coffee .
his scent invaded her senses , and the feel of him pressed against her was more than she 'd ever felt before .
inhaling her lemony scent , he relaxed as she caressed his hair .
the lemon scent of her bath salts soothed her as she undressed .
moving from her lips to her neck , he inhaled her sweet scent before kissing each of her mounds .
the scent of her perfume was making him feel nauseous .
the scent of her perfume was making him feel nauseous .
her beautiful lemon scent comforted him .
with the scent of fresh brewed coffee wafting through the air , she went and took a tour around the studio area of the loft .
the open air , the never ending forests , and the scent of the waterfall attracted her more than the artifice of the city walks .
even with his anger tightening inside him , he noticed the feel of her hair , and the intoxicating scent coming off her as well .
he moved in close , inhaling her scent .
her curves were driving him crazy , and knowing the scent of innocence had nothing to do with her being a virgin , zeke could n't wait to slam inside her .
while he 'd been taking a breather , her scent had drifted toward him .
slowly , hour after hour he was recalling her scent , and mary was finally starting to smell like he remembered .
` ` they would spray the house in all different scents , and no one would disappear to the basement .
the scent of spicy chicken was overpowering .
pulling her into his arms , zeke inhaled her warm fresh scent .
he pushed her long brown hair over her shoulder and inhaled her scent .
mary watched him take a deep breath inhaling her scent .
he poured his scent into her core and the bite never wanting to let go .
his scent surrounded her , and in the last the few days she 'd found his scent calmed her nerves .
the mating scent filled the room surrounding both of them .
his natural mating scent overrode everything else and poured into her body .
closing his eyes , he inhaled her fresh , loving scent .
going to zeke 's side , mary snuggled against his warm heat , inhaling his comforting scent .
she watched the expensive whisky bottle tilt , and the scent of spirits filled the air .
his scent comforted her , surrounding her with his warmth .
she remained silent as his scent settled her nerves .
their personal scents wrapped around them like an invisible cloak .
scorch 's manly scent surrounded her stopping the panic from rising up inside her .
he leaned in close inhaling her scent .
the scent of her baking filled the house .
nick closed his eyes , more interested in inhaling her sweet scent .
nick inhaled the musky scent of her cum before moving down to tongue her juicy slit .
` ` i ' m going to fill your body with my cum and surround you with my scent . ''
the fresh air , along with the scent of the surrounding woodland , was heady .
his scent filled her along with his cum .
he inhaled her sweet scent mixed with his own .
the end < br/ > chapter one daniel brennan ran through the forest inhaling all the delicious scents and listening to all the sounds that surrounded him during a run .
considering the age of the house , the scents were sweet , charming .
for the next ten minutes they cooked dinner , and the scents of the spicy chicken filled the air .
the musky scent filled the air , making his mouth water and his c**k pulse with the need to be inside her .
he placed a kiss to her head , inhaling her scent .
he rubbed his nose against hers then caressed down to inhale the scent of her neck .
the scent of her cooking met his nostrils , and his stomach growled .
the scent of chinese filled the room .
she smelled her scent on his fingers yet did n't pull away .
the scent of sunshine was on everything .
he rested his head against her neck breathing in her glorious scent .
the scent of the food called to her .
the yellow walls had lost their new paint scent .
his presence seemed to consume the small room , filling it with the scent of sandalwood soap and clean male skin .
with a flounce , sherri turned to head back into the crowded party , leaving behind the overwhelming stench of her expensive perfume .
he set his empty glass on a low table , moving so he was close enough to catch the delicate scent of vanilla that clung to her skin .
he buried his face in the satin softness of her hair , breathing deeply of her sweet , vanilla scent .
grabbing her purse , madison stumbled out of her bedroom , lured toward the kitchen by the scent of freshly brewed coffee .
` ` you never used to drink in high school , '' he said , breathing deep of her vanilla scent .
even the candles had been personally hand - dipped to include holly 's favorite lavender scent .
he bent his neck to brush his lips over her wide brow , savoring the warm scent of vanilla that filled his senses .
it was n't perfume , or even lotion , but just the natural aroma he always associated with her .
he pushed open the thick oak door and inhaled the scent of fermenting grapes .
dried hay mixed with newly crushed grapes was a heady , sweet scent .
` ` kimberly 's going to take you for everything you 're worth in the divorce : ' and then she was gone , although her cloying perfume lingered .
her senses had come alive in jack 's studio kitchen , and now she took in the heady scent of the growing grapes cooling after a hot summer day , the fragrant dirt beneath them .
the heady scent of the vines surrounded them , and vanessa felt drunk with desire .
emma was branded with his scent - an elementally male essence of clean soap and sunshine that set the tips of her small br**sts into tight buds .
but now , the slight scent of jason on his t - shirt was making her feel warm and moist between her legs .
she inhaled jason 's spicy , delicious scent and warmth spread through her from head to toe .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the sweet scent of nature into her lungs .
lily breathed in the faint scent of his cologne .
` ` i ' m so wet , travis , '' she said , and as she spread her legs wider above his chest her sweet scent became more potent .
inhaling his potent scent , she fingered his prada suits and ralph lauren ties .
lily pressed her face into his neck and breathed in his wonderful , masculine scent .
a moment later she was leaning in closer , breathing in the clean , heady scent of his arousal , and then hot , hard flesh was on her tongue and she was taking him into her mouth , opening up as wide as she could to accommodate not only his thick head but the wide shaft that followed as well .
she drank in his chiseled features , his all - male scent .
he was standing close , so close that she could breathe in his clean , masculine scent as his hand reached toward her silk - covered legs .
his c**k twitched as he breathed in her alluring scent .
his voice was low and husky and he bent down and inhaled , as though he were breathing in her scent .
she could smell his masculine scent with a hint of sandalwood .
her fresh , alluring scent wafted from her body and he breathed it in like a man deprived of oxygen , hungry for her fragrance .
her ample br**sts were rubbing against his chest and her scent was making him want to devour her .
chapter 1 simon woke the morning after his incredible sexual encounter , surrounded by the tantalizing scent of kara and feeling like something was missing from his bed .
he pulled a pillow over his face and breathed in her fragrance , a scent that would likely haunt him forever .
and every time he imagined her scent , he would think about her taste .
kara hugged the older woman fiercely as she arrived beside the booth , breathing deeply , taking in the welcoming scent of vanilla that always seemed to radiate from helen .
she was close enough that simon could smell her sweet scent .
she moaned softly as her mouth moved over the pulse at his neck , the masculine scent of him flooding her body with carnal heat .
she did n't want to admit that she missed simon so desperately that she wanted to use the tub he used , breath in his scent that lingered in his bathroom .
he breathed in the scent of her as she tilted her head , resting it against his jaw , her fragrance surrounding him .
even after a year , just the sight of her , the sound of her voice , the thought of her , her enticing scent - anything that even reminded him of kara had him completely enthralled and his c**k instantly standing at attention .
shuddering as he breathed in her unique , feminine scent , simon turned her around , slapping a hand on each side of the desk , imprisoning her .
maddie answered sarcastically , but her heart was racing and her breath caught as sam moved close enough for her to catch a whiff of his enticing scent of musk and man , a spicy aroma that made her slightly dizzy .
snapping his seatbelt on as he backed out of the parking space , sam took a deep breath and ran through a mental list of willing females ... until he caught a tantalizing smell , an elusive scent that clung tenaciously to his sweater .
snapping his seatbelt on as he backed out of the parking space , sam took a deep breath and ran through a mental list of possible willing females ... until he caught a tantalizing smell , an elusive scent that clung tenaciously to his sweater .
all he had to do was think about that kiss , or smell her scent on the sweater he had been wearing that night , a garment that , for some strange reason , he had n't yet thrown into his pile for dry cleaning , and his c**k was hard enough to pound nails .
` ` shit , '' he muttered softly , fingering the tresses gently , indulging himself as her light floral scent wafted over his senses .
he buried his face in her silky curls , letting himself completely absorb her , breathing her in over and over again until every part of him was filled with her scent .
maddie sighed , inhaling deeply , letting his masculine scent drift over her senses .
pulling mia away from the edge of the bed to cradle her back against his front , he groaned with ecstasy as her scent surrounded him , happily drowning him in her essence .
` ` do n't give a f**k , '' he murmured against her ear , breathing in the scent of her hair .
mia sighed and wrapped her arms around him , stroking her hands over his back and to his waist , absorbing the heady , masculine scent and feel of the man she loved .
he pulled his mouth from hers and buried his face in her hair , absorbing her scent , needing to be close to her .
he had an instant hard - on as the scent of jasmine surrounded him , making him hard enough to cut through steel .
inhaling deeply , he let her jasmine scent fill every one of his senses .
for the first time in forever , he wanted to stop running and enjoy the sensation of the woman in his arms , be intoxicated by her scent .
` ` i want to breathe in your scent , and i swear , from this day forward , the smell of jasmine will always make my c**k hard enough to pound nails .
he could happily drown in her seductive scent , bury himself inside her until he did n't give a shit about anything else but her .
he lowered his cheek to her hair , inhaling her floral scent and closing his eyes .
his scent was so intoxicating , so masculine .
he swooped down and kissed up the side of her neck , nuzzling her ear as he whispered , ` ` just your scent makes me hard , and all i have to do is hear your voice or see your face and i ' m ruined .
` ` it smells like you , '' she said dreamily , his scent surrounding her .
she was wearing the top of his pajamas , and she could smell his tantalizing scent all over the garment .
his masculine scent filled the air around her and she almost sighed when she inhaled the intoxicating smell .
she did n't get this close to him very often , but whenever she did , her knees got weak just from the virile , musky male scent that emanated from his body like pheromones , beckoning her to get close enough to wallow in him .
all he 'd wanted was to freeze that moment , absorb the light , flowery , intoxicating scent of her skin until it filled every cell in his body .
hope felt the heat pulsating between her thighs just from inhaling his musky , woodsy scent , the essence of male pheromones that could make a woman drunk just from breathing him in .
if i get that close to you again , i 'll get lost in your scent , drown in those baby blues .
her hand wrapped around the root of him , she used her mouth and hand in tandem , getting lost in the scent and taste of him .
all the tension drained out of hope 's body as she inhaled his distinctive scent .
she breathed in the now familiar , masculine scent of him .
jason could smell the tantalizing scent of chocolate and peanut butter , and his mouth watered .
hope let out an elated sigh ; the feel and scent of jason drove her desire .
the scent rose as it warmed to my body , and he rubbed it in , gently .
but not quite pressing against me , just close enough to hear my breathing , to inhale my scent .
i felt the loss of his body heat , his presence , the scent of his cologne mingling with his skin .
i breathed in that scent of his , closing my eyes momentarily as i lost myself in everything benjamin chase .
i moaned , my hips jerking of their own accord , and the thick scent of my arousal filled the air .
when i come in with his morning coffee , i take a moment to close my eyes and breathe in his scent .
she closed her eyes , savoring the scent .
the servant carried their food in , bringing with him the scent of beef and potatoes , but she was no longer hungry .
with the woman 's every movement , the scent of alcohol assaulted johanna like some sort of foul perfume .
i ca n't explain it , but sometimes when i 'd be at preschool , i can faintly remember lifting my shirt to inhale his scent when i was missing him .
so with my cheek pressed to his chest , i take in his scent and hold on to it while he runs the fingers from both of his hands through my hair and down to my face .
pulling away and jerking my head to the side , i do n't look at him , but soon feel his nose gliding along my exposed neck , hearing him inhale my scent .
he folds me in his arms and i get a whiff of perfume .
` ` i can smell her cheap drug store perfume on you . ''
with a childish groan , i make my way over to him and stubbornly take his hug , and then tease , ` ` seriously , her cheap perfume is making my nose burn . ''
` ` you belong to me , '' he eventually says as our bodies calm down , still connected , and bathed in his scent .
their scent envelops every room by the time i have taken a shower and gotten cleaned up and dressed for the day .
his scent is encased within his leather chair , and i ca n't fight the sadness that finds my heart as i sit at his desk , in his office , surrounded by everything declan .
the place smells of his clove cigarettes , a scent that is so familiar to me , one that i find comfort in .
and when i ' m done , he sits up on his knees and jerks off , spurting his cum all over my chest , covering me in his scent .
his masculine scent surrounded me , aroused me , and instantly i was going blow for blow , clasping him to me , sucking his lips , losing myself in his taste .
she leaned in , bringing an air of perfume and a new wave of queasiness rocking through me .
body pulsating as his masculine scent hung in the air around me .
it was like he was savoring my scent .
i could just stand in the door and inhale that scent all day .
i could n't escape the alluring scent of soap and sweat and sandalwood and god , he was all man .
being so close that i could smell the sugary notes of her perfume made my stomach lurch .
i inhaled his warm , familiar scent .
i caught a whiff of rachel 's perfume before i saw her , the musky notes of chanel invading my nostrils .
he leaned in and his virile scent flooded my nostrils , making me close my eyes as i breathed him in .
the weather , the birds , the light floral scent of roses beside the hot tub - all of it was preferable to telling melissa the truth .
the warm scent of her tousled hair beckoned me when i swept it to the side .
he whispered a kiss on my forehead , inhaling my scent like it was the sweetest thing .
i barreled toward my desk , picking up the vase and burying my nose in the understated floral scent , water droplets spritzing my skin .
framed art work and glass sculptures surrounded me and fresh , lush flowers beckoned with floral scents that i wanted to inhale and keep with me forever - but a security guard stood like a mountain in my way , preventing me from taking one step further .
i inhaled the warm scent of her arousal and grabbed the spacer , my c**k as hard as the metal in my hand .
this was my bliss ; his arms around me and his scent clinging to my skin .
her fresh , floral scent did n't linger in the air .
i rooted myself in place , fighting the urge to bring the wrinkled thing to my nose and inhale her scent , to hold it in my arms and- and what ?
he moves closer , and i can smell his musky , sweat - soaked scent - as masculine as any love drug .
soon , our little lounge is filled with the redolent scent of blooms .
close enough for me to imbibe his musky scent .
the bathroom air is redolent with the scent of roses .
there 's a nip to the wind as it rushes down the mountains , carrying with it the scent of snow .
even from where i stand , i can smell their cloying , sickly sweet scent .
he can smell her perfume - a light summer scent that brings daisies and bright meadows to mind .
he can smell her perfume - a light summer scent that brings daisies and bright meadows to mind .
the taste of his mouth , the scent of his body against hers .
lori is a powder puff of pinkness and screeches and perfume , and so sam performs the dutiful but hasty display of sisterly affection by hugging her at arm 's length ( body slightly averted , bosoms not touching ) .
and always she comes back to his kisses , the feel of his hard body against hers , the smell of his aftershave mingled with his intoxicating , extremely male scent .
her strong perfume wafts into his nostrils - dangerous and predatory .
she leans closer and breathes in the scent of him .
the minute he tasted her flesh , he was reminded of how shannon tasted and how her unique scent had driven him wild .
her nose tingled from the faint scent clinging to the collar .
he held her tightly , inhaling the unique scent of her essence and knew she was trouble in more ways than one but he could n't bring himself to push her away .
but as her nose tingled at the sensual scent of clean male skin and the sharp bite of aftershave , she sucked in a wild breath and pushed hard against the wall of muscle , nearly falling from the bed in shock .
he buried his face between her damp folds , inhaling the beautifully feminine musk , loving it more than any expensive perfume ever dabbed along a female 's flesh .
in vince 's opinion , there was nothing more sensual than the smell of a woman 's musk and emma 's scent in particular drove him wild .
the scent of her own musk teased her nostrils as he drew away .
her nose twitched at the sharp tang of his cologne as well as the subtle but alluring scent of pure masculine skin and she had to scowl to prevent herself from leaning in for a deeper inhale .
her hair , tumbling down around her shoulders in voluptuous curls , shone in the dim light as her scent washed over him in a sensual wave .
he brought the thin scrap of lace to his nose and inhaled deeply , intoxicated by the womanly scent of pussy , and then tossed the panties to the floor without regard .
her fingers itched to feel his skin , her mouth yearned for the feel of his cock , she wanted to bury her nose against the skin of his thigh and groin , inhaling the masculine scent that was unique to him and him alone .
at her gasp , hesimply smiled , a subtle twist with a wolfish bent of his lips and murmur ed with complete satisfaction , ` ` the smell of your pussy is better than any french perfume . ''
he brought his finger to his mouth and after inhaling her scent left behind , he popped his finger in his mouth and sucked it clean .
she plucked a single rose from the vase and inhaled its sweet scent .
both brothers flanked her , the warm , sharp scent of their cologne beckoned with seductive promise and as wretched as she felt inside , she wondered if it were possible to go back to the way they were before .
first , he thought he caught a whiff of her perfume , then he thought he saw her walking by but each time strangers stared back at him .
tucked a strand of hair behind her ear , and the scent of her shampoo floated his way .
he leaned into her , teasing her once more with his spicy , masculine scent .
close enough that his addictive scent was once again wreaking havoc on her senses .
all he could concentrate on was the softness of her lips , her intoxicating taste , her sweet vanilla scent .
he inhaled deeply , memorizing her scent , the way she felt in his arms .
she slid into the passenger seat , breathing in the clean pine fragrance intermixed with the spicy masculine scent she was growing accustomed to .
he licked his way from her mouth to her neck , sucking gently on her skin and inhaling the intoxicating scent of her .
she inhaled the spicy scent of him , threaded her fingers through his hair and forced his mouth back to hers .
she smelled like flowers and honey , the aroma filling his nostrils , subtle and yet far more potent than the scent of sweat , perfume and aftershave mingling in the hot air of the club .
she smelled like flowers and honey , the aroma filling his nostrils , subtle and yet far more potent than the scent of sweat , perfume and aftershave mingling in the hot air of the club .
he moved closer and the spicy scent of his aftershave wafted into her nostrils .
he inhaled the scent of lilac and vanilla .
the flowery aroma mingled with the sweet scent of sex lingering between them , flooding his senses and making his c**k twitch .
the sights and sounds had been too vivid , the scent of cotton candy on his breath , the faint melody of the merry - go - round in the distance .
she inhaled the scent of fried food and sweet desserts , her gaze fixed on the ferris wheel , a commanding shape that dominated the large parking lot .
he moved closer again , the spicy , masculine scent of him filling her nose and weakening her resolve .
she breathed in his spicy , masculine scent , smiling when she felt his c**k twitch inside her .
and she smelled incredible , like honey and lavender and a flowery perfume that made his groin ache .
it was as sweet as he 'd imagined , the feminine scent of her flooding his senses and making him dizzy with need .
he held her tight , inhaling the sweet scent of her shampoo , smiling when her hair tickled the tip of his nose .
lowering his head to her neck , he breathed in the appealing scent of ... orange blossoms ?
he liked this new scent .
she felt soft and warm against him , and that scent drove him crazy .
the moment his head hit the pillow , the scent of orange blossoms filled his nostrils , which only made him angrier .
he held her close , breathing in the sweet scent of orange blossoms , rubbing his chin against the silky - smooth flesh of her neck .
a bell chimed as they entered the store , and almost immediately , the heady and powerful scent of flowers filled his nostrils .
her sweet scent wafted over , surrounding him in a lust - crazed cloud .
she breathed in the clean scent of salt , suddenly wishing she 'd tried harder to seduce him right out of this ` ` date '' .
the flowery scent of air freshener hung in the large space , and both women were sitting on a couch now cleared of the random items of clothing previously strewn on it .
the sand bar was always the place to go when you wanted to find a warm , willing body to spend the night with , but for some reason , the mob of bodies and the scent of sweat and perfume made him nauseous .
the sand bar was always the place to go when you wanted to find a warm , willing body to spend the night with , but for some reason , the mob of bodies and the scent of sweat and perfume made him nauseous .
her familiar feminine scent floated into his nostrils .
rolling her eyes , the blonde bombshell ran a hand through her hair , causing the scent of her shampoo to drift into his nose and wreak havoc on his senses .
and he smelled terrific - the scent of his woodsy aftershave kept wafting into her nose and giving her a head rush .
he zoned out as his sneakers slapped the wet sand , drawing in the scent of salt and sweat on each inhale .
everything about him turned her on - his drool - worthy body , those intense blue eyes , the heady scent of his aftershave .
he drew her into his arms and kissed the top of her head , breathing in the sweet , feminine scent of her .
his intoxicating scent surrounded her , spice and aftershave and pure man .
his woodsy scent enveloped her , his powerful arms providing the rush of soothing tranquility she 'd needed .
her silky blonde hair tickled his chin , the sweet scent of it filling his nose .
the scent of his aftershave gave her a head rush ; his firm lips as they gently brushed over hers made her even dizzier .
he breathed in the flowery aroma of her shampoo , the sweet feminine scent that was uniquely jen , and his heart lurched in his chest .
instantly , the familiar scent of him wafted in her direction .
the intoxicating scent of her , vanilla and roses and something soft and feminine .
so what if his woodsy , masculine scent drugged her senses every time she inhaled ?
call her pathetic , but the clothes smelled like him and she liked being surrounded by his heady scent .
but when he walked back into the room a few minutes later , that scent she loved so much held the unmistakable hint of smoke .
seth was standing two feet from the sink , and when she got near , her feminine scent filled his nostrils and sent a dizzying rush of lust through him .
his spicy scent surrounded her , made her feel light - headed .
as he breathed in the scent of sweet kiddie shampoo , something shifted in his chest .
the scent of deep - fried food , popcorn and sugar permeated the evening air .
her wild gaze darted around the beautiful room , taking in the wood - paneled walls and expensive carpeting , the commanding fireplace and elegant furniture , the scent of money and leather hanging in the air .
it smelled like dylan , though , that woodsy , masculine scent that had filled her nostrils during the entire helicopter ride .
her mouth tasted like peanut butter and alcohol , and her hair smelled like lavender , the sweet scent teasing his senses .
and he smelled so darn good ; his lemony - scented aftershave mingled with the aroma of sizzling bacon in the air , and she honestly could n't decide which scent was more intoxicating .
there was a foot of space between them , but he could feel the heat radiating from her body , smell her addictive lavender scent and see her pulse throbbing in her throat .
as he breathed in that familiar citrus scent , he battled a spark of guilt , then ordered himself to snuff it out .
he drew in a deep breath , only to inhale a lungful of claire 's lavender scent .
aidan was on claire 's other side ; he was n't touching her , but the heat of his thigh and scent of his aftershave were comforting .
he wrapped his arm around her and planted a kiss atop her head , inhaling the sweet lavender scent of her hair .
as dylan kissed her neck and breathed in her addictive scent , aidan gently wiped claire 's br**sts , then dropped a soft kiss on her lips , showed those sexy dimples , and said , ` ` merry christmas , sweetheart . ''
claire hugged him even tighter , breathing in his woodsy scent and sinking into the familiar hardness of his body .
a sweet flowery scent filled her nose , but no sound reached her ears .
the rustling of his clothing hinted that he was moving closer , and then his body heat surrounded her and the most intoxicating scent filled her nostrils .
he was enjoying mia 's company , her melodic laughter , the sweet scent of her shampoo .
he planted fleeting kisses along her jaw , then nuzzled her neck and breathed in her flowery feminine scent .
his spicy , masculine scent surrounded her , and she breathed him in , loving that intoxicating fragrance .
his potent masculine scent captured her senses , coated her tongue , and she desperately wanted to gulp him up .
i flick my tongue out and lick him lightly at the base of his ear , inhaling his delicious scent .
i ' m in his arms immediately , inhaling his sexy - as - hell scent and wrapping my tongue around his .
i grin as i scoot up onto the mattress , inhaling the sweet scent of leather and cologne as i lean back on the only remaining pillow .
i ' m wondering if i can slip in during nanette 's shift tonight when the scent of cinnamon rolls hits my nose .
i can still remember how she tastes , but that night , i had priscilla 's noxious perfume in my nose .
she leans closer , giving me a nose full of expensive perfume , and whispers something in my ear .
` ` i ' m marie v. '' she stretches out her hand , and i smell a pleasant scent that reminds me of sunlight and linen .
i lie out and they help pose me , spraying yummy scents in the air and lighting candles .
i roll over in the sheets , inhaling his scent , and i have to swallow back a sob .
i gasp , and when i do , i smell the bitter scent again .
suri 's on her feet , gliding toward me in a haze of sweet perfume .
she crawls after me , but when she gets close enough that i can smell that damned perfume , i hold my right hand up .
i step from the glossy urban expanse of the showroom into the dingier garage , inhaling the familiar scent of gasoline and metal , then turn around to lock the door between the garage and the showroom .
i sniff the air and am stunned to find it smells like over - strong perfume and not rabbit shit .
close enough that i can barely breathe for the scent of her toxic perfume .
close enough that i can barely breathe for the scent of her toxic perfume .
my favorite brand and second favorite scent , at that .
i inhale the sweet scent of her shampoo and feel the heat of her body and see the confusion on her face , and i ca n't do it .
then i put on the most comfortable outfit loveless loaned me , spritz on some of the perfume that i found in marchant 's cabinet , and stride into the hall to take a more active role in my fate .
despite the overwhelming scent of alcohol , i do n't pull away when his arms wrap around me .
i ' m in the back of the group , so i allow a tear to slip out of my eye as i breathe the acrid scent of rubbing alcohol , lemon disinfectant , and rubber .
i can smell her perfume : stella .
i want her to go because i want to kiss her , and i do n't like feeling out of control the way i do now that i am breathing her perfume .
i inhale the scent , roll over on my side to get more comfortable .
i press my face against the warmth of her arm and allow myself to inhale the sweet scent of her skin .
my prada perfume permeated the rolls royce as i entered .
he inhaled my scent as his tongue lightly flicked my clit .
i could still feel his fingers on my wrist , could still smell him - a mixture of soap and masculine scent .
his scent again , masculine and clean , enveloping me .
i felt like his scent infused the room and saturated me .
in the confined space , his scent seemed to magnify and sweep over me .
his aftershave plus that indefinable masculine scent .
i breathed in the scent of soap and male .
i breathed in his scent and felt myself relaxing .
i stretched and then brought the note up to my lips , smelling his faint scent on it .
i was still sore and worn out from yesterday but the scent of him made my skin tingle and my heart start to beat faster .
i opened the top of the bag and the delicious scent of bacon and friend hash brown rose up .
i smelt his scent and realized i had my eyes closed .
the scent of lucien reached her nose and filled her head with cinnamon and spice , and the warm strength of his hands holding the toy against hers made her want his hands on her everywhere else .
he did n't want to browse duty free with her , because buying sophie a new bottle of scent was part of their usual holiday ritual .
the lush scent of orange blossom tinged the air as lucien placed the small glass bottle on the floor near to her face , and sophie 's eyes wandered over the black label .
the delicious scent of singapore noodles filled her nostrils as soon as she opened the carton .
dan considered her for a few seconds more , and then turned and opened the door , leaving sophie with just the scent of another woman 's perfume to remind her that her husband had been there at all .
kara had clearly filled him in on sophie 's paris trip while she 'd been busy in the changing room , because he 'd wafted her with perfume and bid her a theatrical ' au revoir ' as he opened the door and bowed them out of the shop .
sophie moved in close when he held out her chair , and he caught the scent of an exotic perfume that was n't her usual variety .
sophie moved in close when he held out her chair , and he caught the scent of an exotic perfume that was n't her usual variety .
the scent of new carpets and fresh paint would no doubt fade once the place was packed with warm , pulsating bodies .
the clean , apple scent of her shampoo drifted around him as he let his mouth skim the top of her head , and her mouth brushed his throat as she sighed .
their burst open skins were seemingly unequal to the struggle of containing their rosy nectar , their sweet , seductive scent was a waft of delicate perfume .
their burst open skins were seemingly unequal to the struggle of containing their rosy nectar , their sweet , seductive scent was a waft of delicate perfume .
` ` dinner will be here soon , '' he said , inhaling the scent of her as she passed the antique desk .
sophie breathed him in , the scent of his familiar body .
she passed behind him as he inclined his head , and her scent had him closing his eyes as she disappeared into her own office .
he kissed her , noticing the synthetic taste of her lipstick and the heavy scent of her perfume .
he kissed her , noticing the synthetic taste of her lipstick and the heavy scent of her perfume .
lucien breathed in the scent of sophie 's skin , lost in how good she felt in his hands , and how good she made him feel in hers .
he flipped the lid and inhaled the fresh scent , his eyes screwed shut as the all too familiar smell filled the shower enclosure .
he lowered his head towards her as sophie reappeared with lucien close behind her , and the clean , masculine scent of him caught her off guard as he shrugged out of his jacket .
it was still warm with dylan 's body heat , and as kara lifted it onto a coat - hook the indefinable scent of him caught her for a second time .
his scent surrounded her as she took it down from the hook , and it took some supreme effort not to bury her nose in it and inhale deeply .
the scent of garlic and fresh seafood reached his nose and plan b quickly assembled itself in his mind .
he laughed softly , so close she could taste him , so near she could smell him , that heady scent that seemed to short - circuit her brain .
he brought her hand to his mouth and kissed it , her skin warm , her scent familiar beneath his lips .
bob marley suggested putting his cards on the table , as he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of her .
his cock stirred at the scent of her , and his mood lifted whenever she was near .
the familiar , clean scent of her hair , the delicate perfume she always used .
the familiar , clean scent of her hair , the delicate perfume she always used .
` ` i know , '' sophie said softly , breathing in the scent of the wild flowers she held , a larger version of the corsage on kara 's wrist and the tiny posy clutched in tilly 's hand .
she wrapped her arms around him and closed her eyes , breathing his scent in deep as his restless hands moved over her back , in her hair , over the flare of her hips .
elroy inhaled his spicy scent and said , ` ` it happened my senior year while i was in boarding school .
while elroy 's face was between cleaver 's legs , and while he chewed cleaver 's boxer briefs and inhaled the scent of his crotch , he felt a big , strong hand slid down his back and rest on his ass .
elroy inhaled his scent and closed his eyes .
he sucked the deepest areas - his favorite part of a man 's body - inhaling his masculine scent each time he took a deep breath .
he was close enough for elroy to inhale his masculine scent .
his natural scent mingled with remnants of his the hair product he 'd used on his short dark hair earlier that morning .
and the damp scent that rose from between his legs filled evan with such a sense of excitement he lifted his legs up and rested one foot on the back of the sofa and the other on the cocktail table .
but it felt so good to be in his arms , and so good to inhale his familiar scent , evan could n't move his feet .
he took a quick breath and inhaled the familiar damp rubbery scent he grown so accustomed to since he 'd met carson .
but with the water splashing on all three of them , any hint of their natural scents virtually disappeared and mingled with the damp soapy aroma of the shower room .
at one point , while his legs were spread and chad was exploring a soft spot between his legs , he gently bit chad 's shoulder , inhaled his clean masculine scent , and said , ` ` that old skin really tastes good .
with each breath he took he inhaled chad 's scent and waited to exhale .
it had been a while since he 'd been out like this , but christian had n't forgotten the thrum of the bass as the music assaulted him or the scent of sweat , cologne , sex , and testosterone that permeated the place and almost immediately activated his dick like the aroma of the gods .
after dressing , he padded into the kitchen to the scent of fresh brewed coffee .
leaning forward , christian nuzzled david 's cock and balls with his cheek , inhaling deeply the musky , almost herbal , intensive scent of his lover .
rolling onto his side , david closed his eyes before burying his face in christian 's shoulder , sweat , sex , and christian 's rich natural musky scent filled his nose , and david inhaled deeply .
christian 's scent filled his nose , and he flashed on the way christian 's eyes had burned into him while they had been making ... been together , and he had to get away .
when toby took him all the way to the back of his throat and toby 's lips were buried in his crotch , toby closed his eyes and inhaled his masculine scent as deeply as he could .
toby inhaled his scent and said , ` ` you 're just saying that to make me feel better now that i ' ve told you i love you .
besides , have you never noticed her titillating scent ?
the scent of fish , moss and mud permeated the air .
a mixture of muted terror and shame filled my nostrils , as i breathed in her scent to better help me understand .
the combination of her feistiness and fear was a euphoric scent that rushed through her veins and caused his impatience and desire to flare upward into uncharted levels .
i shut my eyes tightly and breathed in the scent of him .
as he guided my hand , his face close to mine , i was incredibly aware of him , of the scent of his cologne , of his gray tee shirt stretched taut over his pectoral muscles .
man , she was standing close enough again that i could smell her perfume .
i breathed in deeply , inhaling her scent .
i could smell her perfume , and it drew me nearer .
i breathed in deeply through my nose , concentrating on the scent .
her long fingers stroked the back of my neck , and her perfume hung heavy in the air , like a vapor cloud .
dara usually wore a delicate fragrance , just enough scent to make my mouth water , and i caught myself closing my eyes and trying to remember the way it smelled .
i grinned at her , and she turned and hurried toward his car in a swirl of polyester and the faint scent of cheap perfume .
i grinned at her , and she turned and hurried toward his car in a swirl of polyester and the faint scent of cheap perfume .
i breathed deeply , allowing the sexy scent of his cologne to fuel the fire already burning deep within me .
being held in his muscular arms and breathing in the heady scent of his cologne made me giddy .
he leaned in close , pinning me against the wall , the scent of his cologne filling my nostrils .
the scent of her perfume had teased me , making me remember all the times i had held her in my arms , skimming her neck with kisses while breathing in her intoxicating fragrance .
the scent of her perfume had teased me , making me remember all the times i had held her in my arms , skimming her neck with kisses while breathing in her intoxicating fragrance .
after the initial hard bump , her fuzzy brain registered warmth , power , and the scents of the great outdoors and a male body .
anne could smell the strong scent of pine needles and leaves mixed in with the salty smell that came from the water .
now that he was sitting close to her , he could smell the perfume she was wearing .
she smelled like a combination of citrus , which he guessed was from her shampoo , and an undefined floral scent that he found very sexy .
he could smell the salt water and pine trees , two scents that he had come to appreciate living in the puget sound area and up here in the san juans .
he could smell the musky scent of her arousal .
the chapel was quaint , and the enclosed space captured the wonderful scents from the flowers .
he could smell her liberally applied perfume that made her smell like a gardenia garden run amok .
the hot water washed the beguiling smell of blood from my skin , and the familiar soapy scent seemed to wash away the madness sloshing around in my head .
the sour scent of slowly decaying vampire flesh wrapped itself around my olfactory neurosensory cells .
i giggled , and stretched out next to him , my head on his chest , my eyes closed , inhaling his delicious scent .
as she undressed , she was graced by a delicious aroma : her skin smelled like joshuas perfume .
she bent down , grabbed the flower and put it to her nose to smell its scent .
the scent of lucas perfume made her give a little hop in place ; she became an ice cube from , inert from hair roots to tiptoe .
as he did it , he was so close to the girl that she could smell the delicious aroma of his perfume .
i wish this was the scent i desire , marina lamented .
after cleaning the kitchen , she had just enough time to brush her hair , dab a bit of perfume and dress in a coat .
his clothes fitted him very well , and he was wearing a new perfume that smelled really good .
i inhale his musky scent and want more .
i m sure , i mumble , breathing in his wintery scent one last time .
when i get downstairs , the house is filled with scents from amys edible arsenal : garlic , lemon , cream .
once i snag it , i bounce up , smashing my nose into a massive chest and the intoxicating scent of woods and spice .
a pleasantly inviting scent of adventure and femininity combined .
setzer took in a slow breath of the wind and the aroma of her perfume .
her scent seemed stronger than he remembered , likely due to the fact he had missed it .
her scent made his nostril flare just as she took in a deep breath of him .
then he felt mares warmth beside him , and her scent tickled his senses .
setzer smiled and drew her into a tight embrace as he took in a deep collection of her scent , her warmth , and her very essence of life .
he relived her scent , her voice , her walk , and her very presence .
there was a rustle and then the slight scent of flowers .
the scent of flowers and the sea .
the face yellowed with torturous memories of scents and sounds and touches and songs thought forever lost .
i could still see the way the sunrise colored her face through the hotel window , could still recall the sweet scent of her shampoo .
she found she had to force herself to keep from leaning into him to get another whiff of that spiced , musky scent .
and the scent , he tried not to inhale but the distinct smell of peaches and cream tickled his nose .
six months into her stay at the meyers , she slipped into miss angles bedroom , and tried her perfume .
she sprayed some on her wrist , and she smelled the same pleasant scent of lilacs that she remembered from three years before .
she pulled out a bar of soap with the same scent as the perfume and a small canister of talcum powder .
finally , he stumbled upon a large tin container , with a strong petroleum scent .
when he returned home , his clothes were disheveled , and she thought she could smell a hint of a womans perfume underneath the alcohol .
from the mixed scent of whiskey combined with the strong odor of a mans cologne , franz could tell she had been drinking and another man had been with her .
he closed his eyes and breathed in the scent as he turned the knob to his dressing room .
it would be the perfect scent on a bouquet , or a woman .
he stood a few inches in front of her , the distance enough to make him notice that the fruity scent came from her .
anya could smell the scent of the outdoors on his shirt , as well as his own bodys scent .
she momentarily closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the night air .
she knew that by morning his scent would be branded on her skin , and it made her feel like the luckiest woman alive .
more than friends the scent of food greeted me as i entered the house .
she kissed my temple and enveloped me in perfume and other scents that defied description but i d always associated with her .
she kissed my temple and enveloped me in perfume and other scents that defied description but i d always associated with her .
* * * the scent of fried eggs reached me when i woke up .
the scent of lasagna filled the air .
both men had their special scents , and torins was intoxicating .
there was hardly any space between us , and his scent and warmth wrapped around me .
now i craved a different scent .
the scent of fresh pizza reached us before she popped her head into my room .
the feel of his body , his scent , his warmth was heavenly .
i draw a ragged breath , his musky scent filling my lungs , his warmth wrapping deliciously around me .
i can smell the sweet scent of myrtles .
different scents of flowers are all that breathe .
i like its sweet scents so am i .
i inhaled the scents of myrtles brought by the cold wind .
i smell different scents of flowers .
liam runs over between shots and hugs me but i pull back smelling alexia 's perfume all over him .
the scent is incredible , she told me as an aside .
michael noticed me enjoying the scent .
the wind drifted over us , and a faint scent of oranges filled the air .
i could smell his unique scent , warm and inviting .
i breathe in the clean , soapy scent of the fabric , of him , all my senses overcome .
i do nt want to take it back , i m dizzy , inhaling the scent of him .
his scent wafted by my nose , making me remember a thousand little moments .
every time i tried to clear my head and focus on my surroundings his scent would waft by and physical pain would manifest .
his delicious scent wafted to my nose , making my stomach churn and my sexual being roar to life .
i leaned closer , his musty scent filling my world .
janet took a small sip , resisting the urge to grimace at the whiskey scent tickling her nose .
instead of the fragrance of apple and orange blossoms , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car .
she applied a tiny bit of rose colored lip gloss and a spray of perfume .
soon the scent of pine and cedar drifted in replacing the stale air that had been trapped inside only moments before .
nevertheless after she had changed into some jeans that were tight enough to hold in her wayward stomach and put on a clean t - shirt , she splashed herself all over with her favourite perfume .
the damp evening air was filled with the scent of thyme and rosemary and the last rays of the sun were just visible on the horizon .
barbara wondered what tom used to say to margery and his father , she could imagine him lying to please them , saying how nice sylvia looked in the bikini , how she wore the earrings when she went to the disco , how she had said it was her favourite perfume .
its not normal behavior to come home smelling of perfume and scotch , or spending nights away from our apartment and not calling to check in .
and this luscious dark hair ... barbara smelled like rose perfume .
charlie took ollys seat , which was probably still warm and infused with the scent of old spice .
the wind was mingling the smells of the food and drink with the mix of perfumes we d all been wearing that day : barbaras rose - scent , my coco chanel , meryls sweet lavender , ellas sugar vanilla , and ivys mystery scent that reminded me of mandarin oranges .
the wind was mingling the smells of the food and drink with the mix of perfumes we d all been wearing that day : barbaras rose - scent , my coco chanel , meryls sweet lavender , ellas sugar vanilla , and ivys mystery scent that reminded me of mandarin oranges .
the toilet incident had been totally erased from her mind , she had showered soaked herself in perfume and was dressed very smart and ready for a new day .
the scent of herbs drying filled the room , making breathing an effort .
hadja stirred the cauldron over the flames , and the earthy scent of tubers cooking filled the cottage , overpowering even the herbs .
satina inhaled the delicious scent of the stew , gave in and sidled around marten and into the space by the cupboards before taking her place at the table .
she stomped up the path , huffing the scent of herbs until she felt light - headed .
the scent of garlic and sage pulled her head up as firmly as if a hand lifted her .
everything glowed golden and otherworldly , and the scent of blossoms drifted on the same currents that swirled the fluff .
the wet weeds gave off a sharp scent , and satina scurried out onto the road and turned left toward town .
pink trumpets dotted the lawn , and she rolled onto them , sprawled on her belly and breathed in the scent of growing things .
the scent of blooming flowers lingered in the breeze , and everything felt a alive .
i smiled into his shoulder as his scent washed through me .
he asked , his senses alert to both the tremors of anxiety shaking her body and the scent drifting up from her skin .
at first , she simply soaked her battered body , savoring both the heat of the water and the scent of the lavender bath salts that mary favored .
he took her with him as he rolled onto his side , cradling her against his chest , entangling their limbs , inhaling her scent .
she could smell the soft scent of his cologne .
once more , his scent overwhelmed her .
the sharp scent of his aftershave filled her nose , and as she rubbed him through the fabric of his pants , he gasped .
the scents became stronger .
even the faint scent of her desire lingered in the air near the doorway , where spencer had rested his hand after he pleasured her .
tom breathed in deeply , the faint hint of her scent in his nostrils .
their close proximity allowed cisco a fresh whiff of sadies perfume , as well as the feel of her hair on his cheek .
he s so close that i can feel the heat radiating off his skin , so close that i can smell the musky scent of his soapor is that only him ?
i hugged him , inhaling his scent , which was slightly musky .
she could smell his aftershave and goodness , it was the best scent .
it smells good in the bathroom for a change , and i realize its her stuff that left that clean scent in the air .
the scent of her shampoo tickles my nose , and i wonder how i ended up in bed with her .
you 'd think she 'd never been this close to a guy before ... close enough to catch the scent of soap and sunshine on his skin ... close enough to feel the warmth of his body .
# noah was drunk on her scent , on the silky wet feel of her hair between his fingers , of the sounds she made when he touched her .
i want to fall sleep with my scent on your skin .
many hours elapsed before she surrendered to exhaustion and fell asleep surrounded by his warmthand his scent .
i enjoy having my scent on your skin , but we both reek of sweat , and that s a far less appealing smell .
he closed his arms around her and inhaled the fresh scent of her hair .
the familiar scent of ink and sandalwood soothed her , helping her focus .
burying his face in her throat , he inhaled her scent .
intoxicated by her scent , it took him a moment to recognize the subtle sweetness of her taste .
as i open the kitchen door , the overwhelming scent of my absolute favorite meal hits me like a brick wall .
as i wrap my arms around him , smelling the incredible scent of his cologne , body wash , or deodorant -- i m not sure which one , not like it matters -- i start to feel weak all over , just like i ve always heard , read about , and seen in all those mushy , romantic comedies but never fully believed or understood .
his scent drives me crazy as i wrap my arms around his neck , and the feel of his shoulders under my arms again gives me chills .
when we walk into the house , the overwhelming scent of spaghetti and meatballs instantly makes my mouth water .
it was then that i noticed his amazing scent ; it was a blend of leather and ocean air , intoxicating and unavoidable , just like him .
i turned around and he gently put his hands on my waist pulling me a little closer and his scent hit me like a sucker punch .
his scent was like a blanket around me and i could laterally feel the heat radiating from his body , that s how close he was .
in a mischievous attempt to work them up , i leaned my head against his shoulder and inhaled deeply , taking in his oh so lovely scent .
chapter 12 brandon let me keep his hoodie when everyone turned in for the night ; i lay awake in my sleeping bag hugging it close to me , still marveling its scent .
with his scent , with his kisses , with this scorching hot feeling running through my whole body .
i was greeted with his unmistakable scent and i sighed .
i folded my arms with a huff and groaned inwardly after taking a huge whiff of brandons scent .
the pungent scent coming from the bottle was both intriguing and unnerving .
how he felt , his masculine scent , the thrum of his heartbeat , the scrape of his leathers against her cheek .
ravenous , in fact , and the heady scent of meat roasting on charcoal reached all the way to the front yard .
she angled slightly away for a moment , holding the lid stiffly at an angle as plumes of steam rose off the chili and dispersed into the air , carrying with it the scent of heaven .
closing my eyes , i let the strawberry scent tickle my nose .
being so close to himsmelling his gumhis woodsy , male scent that turned me on more than i wanted to admitit drove me crazy .
i could smell the lavender perfume on her .
i was actually a little surprised she still used the same scent after all these years .
now that i was so close , i could smell the faint scent of alcohol .
i smoothed her hair , reveling in her scent .
i breathed in his woodsy scent as the bike slowed .
i inhaled his scent , realizing it was a bit different now that it was nt masked by alcohol .
only when they morphed together did his spirit get to experience the world for realtaste the hot gush of blood as it killed a meal , rejoice in the scent and feel of the undergrowth as it rolled in dirt and fallen leaves .
instantly , his hearing became even sharper , the scents of the forest causing his nostrils to flare .
the apartment door cracked open to a blast of music and the scent of food cooking .
across the foot of space separating them , the warmth of her skin radiated toward him and he could smell her shampoo and the faint residue of perfume she must have applied that morning .
her arms found their own way around his neck , pressing her face into the strong curve of his throat , feeling his heat , drinking in the musky scent of him .
at least now , my embarrassment is completely foregone by the irritation at his lack of upkeep.the only thing distracting me now is that heady mix of musk , shaving cream and a distinctlymale scent .
every breath catherine took brought his masculine scent into her .
she pressed her cheek into the soft wool of his jumper , inhaling deeply of his scent , smiling at the rapturous hours they d shared ; making love in front of the fire he d built ; sipping hot chocolate and talking , laughing , remembering ; holding each other in a silence filled with tender love words , their eyes exchanging secret promises made in the moment but with a depth of commitment to hold a lifetime .
his pure male scent invaded the confined space and infiltrated all her senses for the longest uninterrupted moment .
entering my suite , i am met with the fresh scent of gardenias which are next to a big fruit basket with a note reading hope your first day went well and this will provide healthy midnight snacks until you can fill your cupboards with the good stuff , or should i say your unhealthy favorites .
anticipating the aroma of burning wood , i inhale deeply , but only a crisp pine scent tickles my nostrils .
i shiver as my body tingles with desire , i want to crush myself to his chest and take refuge in his heavenly scent , but can not compound an already confusing day .
i ca nt help but sigh as i snuggle close to him and breathe in his wonderful , alluring scent .
he could smell soap and a second floral smell that could have been shampoo or maybe perfume .
he took a second breath , to commit the scent to memory before lowering his hand and grabbing the doorknob .
turning her face casually into his neck , she sneakily breathed in his unique male scent .
if your bridesmaid duties are over i think ill kidnap you , he whispered into her neck as he breathed in her exotic scent and nibbled on her ear .
his scent was a mix of old spice deodorant and some sort of sweet aftershave .
like his chest , his skin felt warm and smooth , with the light scent of whatever soap he d used in the shower .
his face drifted close enough that i could smell the faint scent of his shampoo and the sweet spice of his aftershave , close enough that i could feel the warm air from each breath across my neck , close enough that goosebumps rolled over my arms from the thrill of being so near a handsome , nearly naked male body .
he sighed and then inhaled the scent of my skin as if it supplied him with air to breathe .
tears burned in my eyes and spilled down my cheeks in rivulets as i hugged her back , breathing in her scent , afraid that shed disappear again .
he was so close that i could smell the metallic scent of blood on his breath .
part of me wanted to race across the room and catapult into his arms , to bury my nose in his shirt and smell that familiar scent , to have him smile at me and erase any negative thoughts my mind could conjure .
the crushed pink flowers sent up a heady cloud of scent .
she smelt amazing , the scent of her perfume was beginning to make my mind race with thoughts i had n't had for a while .
she smelt amazing , the scent of her perfume was beginning to make my mind race with thoughts i had n't had for a while .
her scent filled my car and was doing things to my body .
i inhaled her scent and my stomach flipped .
feel her body pressing into my mine and her intoxicating scent .
not waiting for an answer , he nuzzled her for a moment as she breathed in his scent , his stubble rough against her cheek , before he covered her mouth with his .
the heady scent of the sea mingled with the wood smoke , filling his head and soothing his soul , awakening something primal deep within him .
with their silence came a growing awareness of each touch , each caress , the way her curves pressed against the length of his body , the way her scent filled his head and stoked his need for her .
the doors were on either end , so a pleasant breeze ran through the place , the scent of fresh hay and sawdust bedding mingling with the musky smell of the animals .
the air was pungent with the scents of the ocean , and the sound of waves breaking on the rocks competed with the cries of the seagulls flying above .
his scent of leather and the salty sea helped to calm her and it did nt take long before she was able to get a hold of her emotions .
she buried her head against his muscular form and breathed in his clean scent again .
nuzzling the crook of her shoulder , his pace quickened as he breathed in her scent , already so familiar .
turning to face him , she kissed his neck and nuzzled against him , breathing deep so his scent of smoke and moss filled her head .
pulling him close , she nuzzled him , breathing in his scent as she trailed kisses along his neck until she could resist him no more .
she pressed her face against his chest , breathing in the spicy masculine scent of him .
she breathed in deep , enjoying his natural spicy scent .
she closed her eyes and drank in the scent before closing the lid .
she s memorizing my scent .
even with his sinuses full of the smell of horse , jonathan recognized the mineral scent of damp rock .
the clean scent of pine and snow loosened the bands of anxiety from his chest .
river closed her eyes and inhaled , hoping the familiar smells of horse , hay and grain would dilute jonathans scent .
with her mouth and nose free , she could smell his musky scent that shed always enjoyed .
using his jacket as a pillow , she closed her eyes and smelled his scent and flour .
in the small room , he could smell her shampoo , a sexy scent with a hint of honey , just like her .
he leaned closer to her and she could smell his musky scent and wanted to lean into him , but held back and kept her arms crossed .
while he was at it , he inhaled the scent of her shampoo .
he moved close , so close i could smell the fresh rain scent of his skin .
i smelled the clean scent of his skin , like the smell of the breeze after a spring rain .
a warm breeze tossed around the scent of wild flowers .
she did nt wear perfume , which allowed me to catch the barest whiff of were - cougar on her despite the cloying human scent .
she leaned forward and her long ponytail plopped onto the papers there , sending out another wave of human scent that tickled my nostrils .
the scent of the evening air carried with it the faint hint of rain , a stray cat or two , and the sour smell of the garbage cans around the back of the house .
inside the house , under the stink of rotting flowers , there was a bitter , musky scent in the air that i could nt place .
distracted by the thoughts of who could be calling me , i missed the cloying scent in my kitchen the faint undercurrent behind all the heavy stink of dried flowers until i was almost upon it .
and judging by the lingering scent in the air and thewetness of the message , he d been here recently .
dan had an almost boyish scent , teased with sweat .
i jounced down the stairs , my mood a little lighter , sniffing the air for the scents of dan and jackson .
her nostrils flared , and i could tell she was picking scents out of the air .
his scent overwhelmed my nostrils .
the scent of my arousal began to hang in the air , along with a thickening musky smell that i d come to associate with jackson .
i bounced baby eddie for a minute , then pulled him close and pressed a kiss to his forehead , inhaling the baby scent before i handed him back to holly .
his scent overwhelmed me , as did the nearness of all that bare , tanned skin .
soon , i was slick with need all over again , my pulse pounding , and the scent of my arousal hung in the air between us .
sure enough , the puppy smell of wolf was mixed with eddies familiar baby scent .
jacksons hard body moving over mine , moving deep inside me , his chest brushing against my nipples , his mouth on mine , the musky scent of him filling my nostrils - all of the sensations combined to create a whirlwind of pleasure that enveloped me , and before long , i was crying out my pleasure with each thrust , hungry for more .
no freshly cut christmas greenery and mistletoe , or the scent of cedar drifting through every room .
breathing deeply of the scent of the rich lowcountry soil , he had the thought that perhaps having his feet planted firmly on solid ground might just present a welcome change .
this scent would be ingrained in his memories forever .
the yard was immaculate and beautifully landscaped , with pink hollyhocks , california lilacs , and gerbera daisies scattered throughout , giving off the most delightful scent .
his masculine scent tickled her nose , as well as the yummy food he was carrying .
once she was dry , she spritzed on a little of leahs perfume .
man did she smell good , very feminine , but not overpowered by perfume .
it was more of a natural scent , her scent .
it was more of a natural scent , her scent .
his freshly showered scent hit her nose as she took him in .
heading into her room , abby proceeded to freshen up in the bathroom , put her tank top and pj shorts on , then sprayed a little perfume .
i can smell an unfamiliar scent of a vampire hanging in the airbut its not like anything i ve ever known .
she leaned against him and nuzzled his neck with her nose taking in the scent of him .
a musty animal smell hovered about the room mixed with the scent of the particleboard.elizabeth moved closer to the dining area and slipped on the wood floor.she glanced down and gasped in horror.she had stepped in a pool of blood .
as she set the vegetables on the table , he took hold of her hand , pressing his lips into her palm , inhaling the scent of the earth , the food , and the water still lingering there .
next brad who by this time was standing very close to amy , could smell her perfume .
there was a sheen of perspiration across her forehead and nose , and the scent of honeysuckle was almost overpowering .
he breathed in the woman - smell of her , unmasked by complicated scents .
in the kitchen , with the wonderful morning scent of freshly brewing coffee permeating the outdated but sunlit space , morgan watched as her bleary eyed children stumbled down for breakfast without being summoned .
fox sniffed loudly to punctuate his statement and got a nose full of her alluring scent for his trouble .
he tasted of brandy and cigars and his clean masculine scent wafted through the air , robbing becky of any rational thought .
the crisp scent of sweat and soap surrounded her as his lips lifted in a slow , smug smile .
her nerves tingled at his closeness , her lungs willfully drawing in the scent of him .
his muscled arms jumped around her entirely and brought her savagely closer against the heated scent of shaving cream and soap that drifted from his face and evening coat .
her soft lilac scent tickled at his nose , and he was lost to her .
and then there was the musk that was natural , not bought , an intoxicating scent that would merit a fortune in a bottle .
lewis answered naturally without even thinking , lost as he was in the sensuality of male scent and a physical splendour that seemed too good to be real .
the question floated in the air like a piece of bait for lewis to bite on as he gazed on lee porters handsome face and absorbed again his intoxicating scent .
how could he forget those words that lee had said , when he was all but lost on the court ; or forget his lips and the musky scent of him ; the touch of his hand on hair and cheek ?
the gurgle of the water , the warmth of the sun , the earthy scent of dying leaves everything was perfect , peaceful .
i inhaled the warm scent and kissed him softly between his shoulder blades .
she could nt move , could nt speak as he filled the car , and the scent of him , a mix of aftershave and male , tickled her senses .
you re wrong , he murmured as he closed his eyes against the softness of her hair , the scent and feel of her .
she was so close to him he could smell her perfume .
i breathed in the strong scent of his cologne and returned the embrace .
he sniffed it and closed his eyes as he inhaled the scent .
her hair smelled of roses , her shoulder and neck of obsession perfume .
she grabbed her stiletto boots and reached for the light switch , eyeing the perfume and licorice on the bedside table .
the house was thick with the scent of bouquets , which covered the top of every inch of counter space in the kitchen .
danica closed her eyes , taking in the scent of him and the feel of his palms on her face , and relishing in the warmth that spread through her body .
then she drew closer and he caught a whiff of her perfume , deciding nope .
27.trapped ( by the trees and exams ) : during the winter season , the trees that were soaked by the rain ; the droplets that were accumulated on the leaves , waiting to fall straight on my head ; the benches underneath those trees ; the scent that prevailed by the combination of all these , never allowed me to go to the class .
breathing in his scent and feeling his strong arms around her , tara smiled .
he could still smell her scent as he reached out and touched a dress she had left .
reagan smelled his fresh forest scent even before she turned her face up to look at him .
he had always been partial to the scent of lilacs and coupled with vanilla and honey , she smelled exactly what he would consider to be perfection .
he wrinkled his brow when the scent of lilacs and vanilla wafted to his nose .
the scent was stronger here - lilacs , honey and warm rich vanilla .
she leaned her head against his chest , inhaling his scent as they strolled together across the clearing .
he gently tucked a strand of her coal black tresses behind her ear , then leaning in , nuzzled her neck tenderly , taking in the unique scent of her ; lilacs , vanilla and warm sun kissed honey .
he leaned forward and closed his eyes , taking a long draw of her scent .
slowly he breathed her scent then puffed into her hair , putting his scent on her .
there was a hint of lilac and vanilla along with the thick cloying scent of sweat .
slowly he released her and rested his forehead against hers , breathing in her scent .
closing her eyes , she breathed in and filled her lungs with his scent .
as she exited the break room , which was right down the hall , water in hand , she found the break room , grabbed a glass of water , and turned back when she caught the most delicious of scents .
are you wearing a new scent ?
your perfume .
he took a half - step away with a devilishly handsome grin , swirling his unique scent around her head .
now she was in a medium - sized room with warm air and seans stinky scent .
he smelled like coffee and spearmint with that underlying scent of musty man - smell .
sean inhaled kristas scent ; fresh and clean and woman .
his musky scent was intoxicating her , his hard chest so close .
while marcus was quietly contemplating whatever secret sean knew , krista was breathing in seans scent , squeezing him with her legs , feeling his muscles bunch and extend beneath her .
she had a ton of fun making herself look glamorous , which meant she completely lost track of time , so when the doorbell rang , she threw out a curse , hastily grabbed her heels and sprayed on some perfume before she rushed to the door .
he breathed in her scent as he lifted her , maneuvering her out of the open door and onto the sidewalk .
his musty scent too powerful .
chuckling , dom rolls back to his position and i slap on my gloves and clean and shave the newly exposed area with care as his scent wafts over me .
her perfume wafts through the air and i feel physically ill from the memories it brings with it .
it was nt just the life they d resorted to ; it was something that rolled off them like perfume .
behind the putrid stench of rotting zombies , was the faint scent of new grass and fresh buds on trees .
the faint scent of lilacs from the small bottle of travel shampoo i d been hoarding in my backpack blended with the clean fall air and fresh water to create this fantastic perfume that actually erased the traces of rotting zombie left behind .
the faint scent of lilacs from the small bottle of travel shampoo i d been hoarding in my backpack blended with the clean fall air and fresh water to create this fantastic perfume that actually erased the traces of rotting zombie left behind .
they were pretty impenetrable from zombies who had lost the basic motor functions of turning a handle , they dampened sound but did nt block it completely , and they did nt let any delicious live flesh scent drift through the air .
our small cave smelled like lemon and clean , and the scent was soothing .
it was like coming home on thanksgiving , having all those wonderful scents and the swell of welcoming voices .
his presence and the mingled scent of warm man and cold air rippled around her , while drawn - in breaths brought the tastes and scents of him inside her .
his presence and the mingled scent of warm man and cold air rippled around her , while drawn - in breaths brought the tastes and scents of him inside her .
balsam for that wonderful scent .
at his expression her breath caught sharp , pulling back her words , along with the scent of his skin , and a knowledge so powerful that it stung fast , undeniable tears into her eyes .
and so when he took her hand for the last form of the dance , he leaned close until he was enveloped by the scent of lavender .
hothouse flowers graced several vases , their intoxicating scents permeating the air .
it had been a long time since she had been surrounded by such a masculine scent .
she smelled like lavender , and he inhaled , determined to sear the scent in his mind .
his hands wrapped around her , enveloping her in warmth and the faint scent of starched linen and bay rum .
etching into her mind the scent of his skin and the heat of his body .
she smiled into his shirt front , breathing in his delicious scent .
dizzy with fear and that unfamiliar but pleasant scent , she silently prayed that whoever had come in would finish what they were doing and go .
that cursed elusive scent made her head swim as she wedged herself into the wall , wishing she could disappear altogether .
that familiar soft laugh played up and down her backbone like music , and she realized with an unwelcome frisson that the evocative scent filling the room was lord erskines own .
closing her eyes , she drew in a deep breath , inhaling his scent mixed with the remains of battle , and found it intoxicating .
she turned her head , inhaling his scent , while placing a kiss in the middle of his chest .
she looked up at him , moving her caresses and kisses lower , her every scent thrilled beyond control , as more of his amazing physique was exposed to her seeking lips .
pulling her into his arms , crushing her to his body , he inhaled her scent .
drawing a deep breath , her senses were overwhelmed by the many different scents that humanity , dragons , and the sweet smell of clean dirt mixed with a hint of something fresh and green produced .
the scent that drifted up to kaitlyn as she brought the cup up to sniff at it , was earthier than most of the coffee that she liked , but it smelled not too bad , and reminded her of home .
grey hesitated for a second , before he wrapped his arms around her , burying his head in her neck , inhaling her scent .
taking in her scent , he found he could easily return himself back to those days .
she was staring at cody 's buckle , breathing in his musky scent , absorbing his loving warmth and hoping that things could go back to being easy .
taking in her scent he placed his chin atop her head and hugged her as well , holding her tightly .
he 'd eagerly embrace her , pull her into him and allow the scent of her feminine perfume to waft up into his nose enticing his senses .
he 'd eagerly embrace her , pull her into him and allow the scent of her feminine perfume to waft up into his nose enticing his senses .
the aroma of her perfume wafted into his nose tantalizing his senses .
a pair of large , gold hoop earrings , a few gold bangles below the pushed up sleeves , and a touch of my favorite perfume , produced an effect that should meet with masculine approval .
when we walked in his front door , the spicy scent of meat and seasonings welcomed us .
the scent of dust and dried pine needles wafted through the air .
the musty scent of underbrush mingled with a tantalizing sweet odor as the crisp evening air blew refreshingly in my face .
a light sweet voice and a scent not like musk but like wildflower perfume .
a light sweet voice and a scent not like musk but like wildflower perfume .
the softness of fabric , warm from her body , touched with her floral scent , slid across my face .
i could smell the scent she used , wildflowers and vanilla sweetness .
sam watched his mother fill the cups with hot water , the steam rising in curls of herbal scent , familiar from a thousand evenings .
she even hid her face on my shoulder during one of the scary bits , and i put my cheek on her hair and smelled the vanilla scent of her shampoo .
he wrapped his arms around joe and kissed his cheek , his neck , his jaw , and breathed in the scent of sweat and deodorant and laundry softener .
sweet scents of sugar and cinnamon combined with the stronger , stark aroma of rich , fresh brewed coffee .
the spicy , sweet scent of candied ginger made his nostrils twitch .
the door closed with a soft click leaving an even stronger scent of candied ginger wafting through the air .
her sugary scent wafted up and calmed his animal .
her scent hit him , and he had nt really cared .
el took her scent deep into his lungs , soothing the beast .
his scent comingled with the smell of candied ginger .
with my arms wrapped around him , my body on fire from our proximity and the pure male scent of him filling my senses ?
i trudged along the worn path , the scent of chives and wild garlic wafting on the cool air .
she turned over , away from fanny and her dreadful cloud of perfume .
his scent was like nothing i d experienced before , not cologne , not even scented aftershave .
the faint scents of the day 's cooking lingered in the air , buttermilk bread , peppery beef stew , molasses baked beans .
there was the thunk of a plate , the scent of fresh bread .
she was sweetness itself and he breathed her in , a faint scent of lilacs and lemon oil .
the delicious , savory scent of bacon wafted upward , and she breathed it in , making her stomach rumble .
the faint scent of winter on his coat , the clean male scent of his skin , the faint fan of his breath on her cheek ` ` maebry . ''
the faint scent of winter on his coat , the clean male scent of his skin , the faint fan of his breath on her cheek ` ` maebry . ''
all she knew was the precious warmth of him , the solid masculine feel , the scent of hay on his coat , the cadence of his every breath .
the male scent of his skin , the faint smell of soap in his clothes , the sensation of being close to him .
as the buildings of town ambled by , he tried to keep the bad possibilities out , focusing on this moment , on the sweet scent of lilacs in her silken hair , of the sensation of those golden strands catching on his whiskered jaw , on the sweetness of her soft , feminine form in his arms .
she could smell his scent coming off the black fabric as she hugged it tightly around herself .
his scent and his fingers playing with her hair .
tammy 's floral scent took over the whole confide space and his mouth went dry .
tammy rested her head against his chest and took in his intoxicating scent .
his arms wrapped round her and smell his scent .
she snuggled into him tighter and took in a deep breath filled with his scent .
he closed his eyes as he took in the scent , nothing smelled or tasted as good as tammy .
she closed her eyes and took in dante 's intoxicating scent .
dante closed his eyes and took in her floral scent .
you 're mean , she mumbled , resting her head against his chest and taking in his intoxicating scent .
his cheek rested on the top of her head and inhaled her wonderful scent .
their lips only inches apart , dante lifted a finger and traced tammy 's cheek , he could smell her in - luring breath , the heat from her body , the scent of her blood flowing through her veins .
i know , he pulled tammy into him and took in her scent .
she rested her head against his chest and took in his intoxicating scent .
it felt good holding her again , the familiar scent and the soft silk voice .
his sea mist and sandalwood scent floated on the air .
oils spilled from the petals and saturated the air with their scent .
every level surface in the room held vases sprouting fat bouquets of pale pink roses and white lilies and half a dozen other flowers i d never even seen and the air carried their sweet scents .
rose petals floated on the still surface , their scent permeating the air .
i sniffed each one , deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom .
i picked up the cup of cider and inhaled the rich scent of apples and sipped slowly .
i lay on something soft , a light scent smelling of clean linen , fried food , and age hung in the air , oddly comforting .
he pressed his lips against hers and her sweet perfume intoxicated him .
pulse racing , joni hurried to the doorway and inhaled the sweetest perfume .
the flowery scent of her hair intoxicated him .
inhaling the fresh scent of paint , james feasted his eyes on his son .
wanting more , he opened his mouth and reached for jonis unique scent .
he leaned down and whispered next to her ear , my manly ego loves those girly scents against your skin .
the scent of honey mingled with his cologne as the soft petals caressed her cheek .
the scent of her shampoo triggered a flood of memories .
sweet perfume teased his nostrils .
the scent of his aftershave mingled with the air freshener clipped onto one of the vents .
it mixes with smoked herbs , intense incense , fruity cigarettes , womens perfume , and the heavy scent of charcoal chicken kabobs .
his breath is hot , his scent intoxicatingeven intermingled with the coppery smell of bloodand his weight is delicious against me .
a captured scent of jasmine , vanilla , a strong sulfur , and something else i can not identify is released once in power form .
her breath reminds me of brandy and her earthy , exotic floral scent intoxicates me .
i inhale her scent .
the feel of the soil , the sugared , heady scent of the ripening grapes , the vital interplay of sun and water and earth , it was in his blood , always would be .
inhaling deeply , she pulled the crisp scent of the salty breeze into her lungs .
she registered everything about him - his scent , the crinkles at the corners of his eyes , his laser - like focus .
even over the usual odors of the lab , she detected a spicy , subtle , citrus - laced scent and under that , the smell of man , a scent that made her core tingle .
even over the usual odors of the lab , she detected a spicy , subtle , citrus - laced scent and under that , the smell of man , a scent that made her core tingle .
he drew in a breath of the air , still moist with dew and laced with the scent of ripening grapes .
the musky scent of the ripening grapes was like a tether through time - he could travel its length as it stirred memories of autumns past , autumns when life was simpler , decisions easier .
her scent wafted up to him , a scent laced with the hint of tuberoses and lemon blossoms and ... woman .
her scent wafted up to him , a scent laced with the hint of tuberoses and lemon blossoms and ... woman .
as his body enveloped her , the acrid smell of burnt hair mixed with the unmistakable scent of man .
she sank below the surface , letting the water envelop her with heat and scent .
my nostrils flare as i inhale a heavenly scent .
by the time i d gotten out of the shower , the heavenly scents of bacon and coffee assailed my senses , so i d brushed my teeth , slipped on my clean undies , jeans , and ripped shirt , and gone into the kitchen to find breakfast ready , and andrs drooling over my portfolio .
eilish breathed him in , and the mixture of spicy male scent , leather and tobacco filled her senses .
her soft , silky hair touched the side of his face and he could smell the sweet scent of violets in it .
avoiding her desperate attempts to stop him , he buried his face in her tight curls and breathed in her scent .
the eerie glow of the open portal illuminated the cobblestone lane in stark relief , and the stench of refuse and unemptied night soil cans covered the more subtle scent of the sea .
every person boarding was being given one , and though the carnation was wilted after hours out of water , its scent was still fresh .
the smell of starched sheets , fresh paint and a slightly acrid scent she determined was the glue used to adhere the lino to the floor , all pointed to the virginal quality of their accommodation .
they were such a splendid bouquet , he could not help stopping at them and leaning down to breathe in the scent of the blooms .
the taste , texture and scent of her overwhelmed him , arousing him instantly .
he opened his own lips and tasted her velvet soft inner mouth with his tongue , finding himself driven crazy by the warmth and heady scent of her .
she could smell his male scent , subtle but intoxicating .
she had to fight the urge to sniff deeper and draw his scent into her lungs .
he could breathe her familiar , tantalising scent into his lungs , but he wanted more .
i opened a jar of lavender , sniffing the relaxing scent , and felt a hundred times better .
but without that other option , i preferred this place maintained its pleasant scent .
the lovely scent of herbs wafted through the kitchen .
the scent of spicy pepperonis broke me from my thoughts .
the beer had helped relax me , and the delicious scent of ethan warmed my body .
i sniffed the room , and the scent of all kinds of herbs and spicessome pleasant and some notdrifted through my nostrils .
maddy smelled the fresh scent of water waft past her .
this time it was nt a scent , a happy memory dancing on a breath of air .
shed dawned a light sweater to guard against the breeze of the evening and dashed on a hint of perfume that drifted in his direction .
it did nt even smell like paint anymore , just the subtle scent of warm vanilla from the candles shed lit on the mantle .
jessica leaned against a porch post , arms crossed in front of her , enjoying the pine scent and crisp morning air .
thankfully , the mixture of fresh air and scents of the ranch helped to settle her nerves .
the scent of freshly brewed coffee teased her nostrils .
her sweet scent still filled his nostrils .
he edged closer , compelled to weave his fingers through it , when her scent hit his nostrils and he sniffed in the intoxicating bouquet .
he liked the scent of herlilac , woman , and fresh air .
embedded in his solid chest , his scent came to her , encompassed in masculine heat .
he sat down on a kitchen chair he 'd already drug out and looked up at the cloudless sky , inhaling the piney scent of mountain air .
he inhaled the scent of pine on the warm breeze , lifted his eyes to the million stars above , and knew .
her scent hit him like a sucker punch to the guta sweet , lilac fragrance that went straight from his nostrils to his brain , and triggered a barrage of fresh memories .
the wind carried billys scent directly to the wolf .
the scent that reached their nostrils was one they had never smelled before .
she looked away from the burned ruins and inhaled deeply the scent of jasmine growing along a nearby wall .
she loved the crisp , sweet scent of the freshly cut lawn and watched a white peacock in elegant feathers call a greeting as it strolled along the lake .
a woman brushed past , trailing a whiff of expensive perfume .
she wore the perfume he had bought her , the one a relative brought back from london .
she even wore the same perfume .
filled with contentment , anya closed her eyes and inhaled his scent .
the scents of garlic and lemon met me when i opened the door to my room , and my stomach growled in response .
the scent of his cologne was strong in my memory , and i had been high up against him and holding onto him , my arm around his neck and my hand on his cheek .
but i stood there for a moment , leaning my head against the doorframe , letting the light , clean scent of his cologne trail over me and wrap around me .
even though it had been hours since shed showered , the cucumber - melon scent of her soap was still strong , and it was wrapping over me , around me .
i let my head fall into the curve between his shoulder and neck , breathing in the scent of him .
he smelled so good , i wanted to be wrapped up in his scent .
with my fingertips , i traced the lines of his chest , breathing in the scent of him until i fell asleep .
i needed to feel her against me , to smell the cucumber - melon scent of her soap and feel her curves hugging my body .
the musky scent of sex in the air .
i climbed into the car and inhaled the cocktail of expensive perfume , hairspray , and leather .
her perfume enveloped me and transported me back to the day we d first met .
she bet celeste was reveling in the scents of candles , the colorful windows , the strange musicals .
i like the sights and scents of this place .
its lavender scent filled the small space .
she smelled of soap , but dorian had a scent of her own , too , all foreign and exotic , and his mind tripped with the fantasy of a king and a harem girl , who belonged to him .
raising his armhis scent was still of sweat and sex and not at all unpleasant , though he should clean his teeth soonhe rubbed his thumb between her brows .
at the kitchen table , surrounded by the scent of coffee , she found a fuming alisha and a more calm , but clearly unhappy , jess and helen .
to confirm her statement , she opened the bag some , and the scents drifted out .
unwashed wine glasses sat on the table in the main room , producing a stale scent .
over here , the windows were bigger , the light brighter and the scent of green grass and dirt filtered in through the open glass .
his woodsy male scent encompassed her .
when he came closer , she was pleasantly assaulted by the scent of his sweat .
she breathed in the scent of the room , and her skin tingled .
alex leaned forward , closer to angel , so he could speak to the man on her opposite side , and she was assaulted by the clean , male scent of him highlighted by expensive cologne , even as her eyes were still unable to look away from his face .
she smelled incredible , her perfume wafting around him in a delicious cloud that he d gladly get lost in forever .
her perfume softly surrounded him as he drew breath into his suddenly tight chest .
her perfume was intoxicating , and he longed to press his lips to the soft throb of her pulse in her neck .
this is a beautiful restaurant , angel said as alex pulled out her chair , the scent of his cologne was a heady mix of musk and freshness .
her perfume and the smell of her skin assaulted his senses .
his scent was all over heron her clothes , on her skinand her heart felt heavy when her bedroom door clicked shut behind her .
alexs body reacted to her words and to her nearness to the luscious memories from the night before as she took the seat to his left and the soft scent of her perfume wafted in his nostrils .
alexs body reacted to her words and to her nearness to the luscious memories from the night before as she took the seat to his left and the soft scent of her perfume wafted in his nostrils .
his thoughts flashed to long silken strands wrapped around his fist and a soft , luscious mouth wild beneath his own , the scent of vanilla and muskiness , and fiery heat wrapped tightly around his cock .
he opened the door and her perfume wafted out of the car .
her throat tightened as his arms slid around her loosely , and his scent saturated the air .
her room was large and smelled of perfume and vanilla .
he turned into her hair inhaling deeply , memorizing her scent .
alex moved to sit on the floor in front of angel when she did nt answer , feeling her eyes burn into him and her perfume wafting around him .
13 never tease a weasel alex rolled toward the warmth radiating at his side , breathing in angels now familiar scent as he willed his eyes to open .
alex inhaled deeply , enjoying her baby scent as she hugged his neck , her wet hair brushing against his chin .
her heart swelled , the scent of his cologne and his body fueling her desire .
he pressed his face against the crown of her head , inhaled the scent of her hair , breathed in her fresh and redemptive life .
the womans smile was bright and her eyes kind through her heavy make - up and strong perfume .
kissing his soft hair , she breathed his baby scent .
before long , the fragrant aroma of coffee mingled with the scent of burning logs and the piney freshness of their christmas tree .
she inhaled the vanilla baby - powder scent of fresh pages .
inhaling the scent of matt , i kissed him on the lips , making sure everyone staring saw .
i stroked his sheets as i took in the scent of the room .
her shift in position stirred the air , sending her scent to tease my sanity .
the wind whispered secrets to me in the form of scents and echoes telling me where to go , until i arrived at a familiar sight .
i remembered liking the breeze that cooled us off , bringing the scent of the neighbors lilacs with it .
her scent was eerily similar to claires , sending a wave of homesickness over me .
it was a light , distinguished scent that seemed to combine the richness of the earth with the warmth of the sun .
she was close enough to confuse my senses with her perfume , making me wish that i was nt trying so desperately to be a gentleman .
i unconsciously drew in a breath as i passed him and was met with the earthy , spicy scent of whatever aftershave he d just used .
the hard part was keeping up with the dress code -- loose skirts below the knees , nothing tight , no nail polish , no flashy watches , no perfume , hair pulled off of the face , and no sexy ear rings neither .
the scent of the pumpkin bread baking in the oven added an extra layer of comfort to the atmosphere , and if it turned out to be edible , mia would be overjoyed at their first successful foray into baking .
as she opened the door , the scent of cinnamon hit her .
when they got inside , she put the flowers on the hall table , inhaling their scent and thinking how much she should appreciate a man who sent flowers .
clary could almost imagine she caught a whiff of the licorice scent of the drink the other art students seemed to crave .
the scent rolling off her is pure sex , pure want , so heady and intoxicating that i have to dig my fingers into her body to stop from coming too soon .
he laid his head in the crook of her neck and inhaled her scent .
the flowery perfume she 'd forever associate with grief settled around marissa as her mother fiercely hugged her .
an expensive floral scent infiltrated the usual bar smells of sweat , cigarette smoke , and beer .
she moved closer and the same light flowery scent he noticed earlier infiltrated his senses .
ear - deafening music blared ; the minty - burn scent of cigarette smoke rolled out with two men clumsily exiting the club .
they explained the sweet scents filtering through the apartment .
fresh from a shower , he 'd hovered over her , tempting pectorals just out of reach , the woodsy scent of his cologne torturing her senses ... it would have been much more fun to see him had he followed through with the promise of last night 's kiss .
she stepped closer and her scent , a musky smell with the faint tint of chlorine , filtered into his senses .
marissa gagged against the heavy scent of cheap cologne and the lingering stench of beer .
it made him think of summer nights , and he found himself wanting to bury his head in the scent of her and nuzzle her neck .
she had forgotten she would be getting into jacks bed , and she was once again surrounded by his scent .
she always smelled so good , and he wondered if it was a perfume or just an exceptional combination of her shampoo and innate sweetness .
clen laid her cheek against his , breathing in the good scent of soap , aftershave , and warm skin as he began to guide her around the room , moving with an ease and competent authority that made her feel delicate and graceful for the first time in her life .
i close my eyes , losing myself in his embrace , realizing , as i breathe in the scent of his skin , and feel the warmth of his arms around me , that i could never leave him , not when he can make me feel like this .
she gets up and comes to hug me , wrapping me in a cloud of soft perfume .
i take a deep breath , filling my nose with her scent .
tories long auburn hair had spilled down her back and over his hands as he held her tight and the fragrance of her perfume was soft , light and clean .
the entire vast interior was perfumed with a selective scent .
from every corner of the room , the overpowering scent fast - filled the expansive hall with something beyond the refreshing mountain air .
the admixture measured in particles per million molecules and profusely intoxicated the place with a collection of sweet scents , which did more than just disguise any bad aromas from outside .
ii do remember you , he stammered as he sat opposite her , drawing in her odour as if it were the perfume of the gods , and staring at her features and body as if they were the gateway to heaven .
telling you this because i received her valentine 's day card from her like i have for the last decade with her lipstick planted as signature and hanae mori perfume coating it .
the scent filled the air and the colours were vibrant enough to bring life to the otherwise drab hospital room .
sonya c. dodd 2014 foretold candlelight whispers promise a dream walls distressed , doors unhinged abstract shadow on the side of your face radiate spells already in place cold snow dusts broken glass panes settling flakes together once again under the ice , water starts to trickle running haphazardly down the window feeling your breath warm inside i traced with touch the ache of your smile perfectly sculpted your lips now awake sliding my fingers along the nape your neck , your scent and pulse divine petite silhouette completely sublime moving closer no longer to wait on the card table the tarot told fate falling to the floor as the candle looks down stone uneven a kiss now bound the wind began blowing , whirling through two - hundred years ago an abode once new ringlets of blonde , soft as pale skin embracing lovers protected within hours had past the candle still burns drips and whispers , lives returned william obrien 2014 tales of erana : the legend of oeliana by a. l. butcher from the world of the light beyond the storm chronicles .
the first thing that hit him was the heady scent of her perfume .
the first thing that hit him was the heady scent of her perfume .
a terrible war whence we once met spilling blood of the friends we knew in houses torn apart by hate , i loved you then sailed to france to the court of louis , mirrored opulence where i served you flowers placed in tin - glazed pots holland , we shared the scent rich and adored we were with tulips blue most men would die for a bloom so rare , some did but nothing compared to venice where we lived on the streets penniless , aching for some stale bread or soup a crust , i found , i gave to you of all the lifetimes we met and loved , the stars stood still the world spun around and revolved at speed each time we died and never wanted to leave floating in the ether our souls still touch to be incarnate again will allow our arms to meet so , until the next time , think and pray my love william obrien 2014 the heart wish by kristina blasen thanksgiving ( us ) you re here .
the scent of smoke heavy in the air and the temptation of sneaking kisses underneath the giant oak strewn with fairy lights ruled the night .
they brought forth baskets of their choicest crops , anointed its pedestal with the finest perfumes , burned their most fragrant incense , and chanted their most revered songs and hymns .
the wind blew a strange scent their way and her mothers hand dropped as she sniffed the air .
without any warning , a divine scent assails my nostrils .
but to be immersed in such hypnotic and mesmerizing natural perfumes , all mingling together in the perfect combination for my palate !
chapter 2 showered and dressed after her morning run , mia stepped out into the hallway and immediately caught the scent of freshly baked bread .
the familiar scent of lemon wood polish wrapped around mia , and contentment settled over her .
and even though it had been a few years since her last visit , she was immediately comforted by the familiar scents .
she moved a few steps closer , and the slightest hint of perfume , or maybe her shampoo , tickled his nose .
chapter 7 the barest scent of pumpkin and nutmeg drew mia down the stairs and through the empty dining room .
the scent of her shampoo reached him and visions of the beach sprang to mind .
the familiar scent of her favorite shampoo washed over him and rather than diminish the primal urge to throw her over his shoulder and lock her away , it grew stronger , and he tightened his hold around her waist .
though anna had vanished , a warm bath fragrant with the scent of roses waited .
the sky had vanished , the scent of rain giving way to the smell of some powerful astringent , and her stomach rebelled again , until she had to close her eyes and put all her strength into fighting off the nausea .
i would like to have greenery for the lovely pine scents it provides , rose continued .
afterwards , they all moved to the sitting room amidst the aromas of pine scent and the burning yule log to share gifts with one another .
his scent hit her , a slight note of earth and grass and unobtrusive cologne that had enticed her since morning while having him sit next to her .
the scent appealed to her and made her wonder how the man himself smelled and tasted and felt .
she took the flowers when he handed them to her and smelled the sweet scents .
then he switched off the dim light as lavender scent and soft candlelight filled the small space .
the soft feel of her , the scent of her shampoo , sent little waves of awareness throughout his entire system .
dropping to his bed , she inhaled his rich musky scent and cried until her heart and head hurt .
humans , of course , did nt fully appreciate the offerings they had , such as the taste of a really good steak , a bottle of old scotch , or the scent and taste of a cuban cigar .
she picked the bubble bath labeled wildflower , flicked the top open , and inhaled the soft scent .
the scent of the bubbles brought back a memory of a spring day when she was thirteen , a year before she was to be married .
she turned her head on the pillow and rubbed her cheek against the fabric that had the faint scent of flowers from the lotion she had applied earlier .
she inhaled deeply , wondering if there was a bubble bath or body lotion with the same beautiful scent .
she smelled that subtle aftershave again and he inhaled the fresh scent of her hair .
her scent was imprinted on his brain now and he would forever breathe her in .
he inhaled deeply as he caught the scent of her faint but intoxicating fragrance .
he had never smelled such a scent , save for his first interaction with her .
he failed to place exactly what the specific notes of the perfume were that tantalized his sense of smell .
the bonfire , responsible for the aromatic scent , was an annual homecoming tradition at their high school , and tonight , would be the backdrop for what she hoped would be a romantic evening with gabriel .
he detected a warm vanilla scent with caramel and coconut undertones , melissas signature fragrance .
the scent was inviting , enchanting .
the warm , familiar scent lingered .
but a pink camisole tossed haphazardly over her desk chair offered a particularly potent scent .
chapter 35 amid the smell of fear - saturated secretions of teenage boys who had recently met their demise , a new scent perfumed the air .
as the wind blew stirring branches and limbs and whipping colored leaves in its wake , a familiar scent lingered : vanilla , caramel and coconut .
he inhaled deeply , breathing the warm vanilla , caramel and coconut scent of her hair and skin .
passing through fields of fragrant flowers that bore the same scent as the girl he loved but was forced to leave had been more challenging than he d imagined .
he detected a faint scent of lavender and vanilla .
the perfume was spellbinding , inviting .
their scent perfumed the air .
he would wrap her in his arms as soon as he saw her , inhale the sweet scent of her skin before holding her at arms length from him and looking at her , enjoying her every feature .
the scent of marijuana filled the air along with a milky layer of smoke that clouded the area surrounding the couches .
melissas lungs burned as she pressed forward reluctant to inhale the thickening scent of rotted mushroom and tree bark .
the enormous shape moved slowly , deliberately toward them and paused after every few steps to inhale deeply as if savoring the scents in the air .
she smelled the fresh salt water scent , and walked barefoot on the cool hard packed sand .
the scent nearly knocked her over with painful memories of the time she had spent here .
his clean , woodsy scenta scent she could never erase from her olfactory memoryfilled her with a longing she wanted to deny .
mixed in with the thick scent of dust and mildew was the unforgettable smell of her mothers paint .
she could still smell quentin on her shirthis scent drifted back to her as she tossed the clothing into the laundry hamper .
before she left the room , she retrieved the shirt she had been wearingthe one with quentins scent clinging to itand tucked it under her pillow , refusing to question her motives .
without breathing his scentthe fresh scent , not the rapidly - fading , stuck - to - the - t - shirt scent she was settling for .
without breathing his scentthe fresh scent , not the rapidly - fading , stuck - to - the - t - shirt scent she was settling for .
he closed his eyes and breathed deep , allowing her scent and her presence to go straight to his head .
the faint scent of rum and coke reassured herat least she had nt had the blooming onion appetizer yet .
the beautiful sight and exotic scent reminded him of something lovely , something wonderful , something warm , yet something painful as well .
he could smell the light , beautiful scent , and it reminded him of spring .
then it all came back to himthe light scent of cherry blossom , the warmth of her breath , and the delicious sensations within his being when she was near .
then his pupils dilated at the sweet scent rushing into his being .
it was then he realized it was the same sweet scent he d smelled on her that first time they d met at the road .
he could smell her beautiful scent again , which he simply loved .
he tightened his fists in anguish as he inhaled the sweet scent of her hair , his whole body trembling .
he was , however , too busy trying to calm himself down from wanting the woman squeezing right next to him , tempting him with her soft body and spring scent .
she sighed , inhaling the scent of spring air .
darcy snuggled his face against the nape of her neck , breathing in her wildflower scent .
when he was finally done kissing her , sakura laid her head on his chest and closed her eyes , clinging onto him , never wanting to let him go , knowing very well that this would be the last time shed feel his warm embrace and smell his earthy scent .
ten yards away i could smell the scent of alcohol that wafted from his clothes .
the recessed lighting and soft drapes gave the whole room an almost hazy , rosy look , while the small vase and lit candles on the table contributed a bit of color to the atmosphere as well as a pleasing scent .
the combination of two cultures produced scents that by themselves could make a mummy hungry .
rising with a clear mind to continue his run , ryan noticed for the first time that the pond did nt seem to have its usual musky smell or the dry leaf scent of early winter ; there was a faint hint of roses in the air , although he knew full well there were nt any growing in the dense brushy undergrowth , and certainly not at this time of year .
and there s something else ; do you notice the scent of roses in the air ?
and the day we got married , i went for a run but turned off and went to the pond instead ; when i was unsure , not of you , but of myself , and whether i could be what you wanted , i smelled the scent of roses , and the thought came to me that i was being given a second chance , you were my second chance .
it was a fairly uneventful birth , but just as the second child was born , both ryan and laura caught the scent of roses in the air .
i inhaled deeply to take in the fresh , woodsy scent of the piney air .
his gaze darted over the crowd as he searched for cassie , but he did n't see her , nor could he smell her delicious scent .
the sweet scent of her blood had slammed into him , causing his mouth to water and his body to burn with hunger .
his scent reminded her of fresh air with a hint of rich spices .
she rested her head on his shoulder and savored in his scent .
the wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air and cassie 's eager stomach rumbled .
bending over her , he pressed her close to him and nuzzled her as he inhaled her wonderfully delicious scent .
the deep breath killed all thought process and instead gave me the opportunity to breathe in kierans scent .
as he sat down in front of me , his wonderful scent engulfed me , stealing my sanity for a brief moment .
his absolutely magnificent scent flooded me in the most exhilarating way .
my nose desired to smell his bewitching scent .
he licked his lips again with sadistic delight as he inhaled deeply , searching for the scent of my absent essence .
she inhaled his scent , letting his essence calm her when he pulled her close .
steam curled off the paper cups and mingled with the scent of cinnamon , raisins and toasted bread .
soft , buttery leather caressed her skin as the rich scent of the fabric surrounded her .
the calming scent of her lavender bath salts wafted on the moist air and she saw rose petals floating on the water .
he left her there in the bathroom , alone with the warm scents and dusky stillness .
now here she was , stuck in an enclosed area , so close to him the scent of his cologne tickled her nostrils and she had no means of escape .
his lips were close to her ear and he felt her shiver , releasing the warm scent of her perfume .
his lips were close to her ear and he felt her shiver , releasing the warm scent of her perfume .
his head spun with the taste , the scent of her , and he moved his right leg to the side , making a place to cradle her between his legs .
the area around his desk even smelled like him , a scent she could nt name but remembered as one distinctly his .
if only she could forget his kiss , the way his arms felt around her , the scent of his cologne and hair gel mingled together as they swayed gently to the music .
heres a snippet from what s left of her : it is the painting that makes her come alive ; she lives inside of it , right in the core of the oil : red , purple , yellow , blue , black , breathing its heavy scent , smearing the slickness of it on her fingers , her shirt , her face .
did nt she know some people were allergic to scents ?
smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / marycampisi website : www.marycampisi.com e - mail : mary @ marycampisi.com twitter : https : //twitter.com/ # ! /marycampisi blog : http : //www.marycampisi.com / blog/ facebook : http : //www.facebook.com / marycampisibooks other books by mary campisi : contemporary romance : truth in lies series book one : a family affair book two : a family affair : spring book three : a family affair : summer book four : a family affair : fall ( 2014 ) book five : a family affair : winter ( tba ) that second chance series book one : pulling home book two : the way they were book three : simple riches book four : paradise found book five : not your everyday housewife book six : the butterfly garden the betrayed trilogy book one : pieces of you book two : secrets of you book three : what s left of her : a novella boxed set : the betrayed trilogy begin again : short stories from the heart the sweetest deal regency historical : an unlikely husband series book one - the seduction of sophie seacrest book two - a taste of seduction book three - a touch of seduction , a novella ( 2015 ) book four - a scent of seduction ( tba ) the model wife series book one : the redemption of madeline munrove young adult : pretending normal take my breath away book ii in the southern exposure saga by lari smythe cover design by lari smythe cover art by caitlin smith copyright 2014 lari smythe isbn 9781310893186 ( .ebpub version ) smashwords edition smashwords edition license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook .
the women 's perfumes were no better and really did nothing to mask the other smells as a matter of fact , their sick sweetness probably made the others worse .
his blood on my handas though it were seeping into my skinwas even stronger than his irresistible scent .
i 'd remembered what jason had said and mussed the bed , but i had spent the night next to the open window to control the irresistible scent that seemed to ooze from every nook and cranny of the house .
there was a medicinal cologne smell , but beyond that distraction his scent was like i 'd never experienced before .
an even more intense scent of blood crossed my nostrils and i inhaled deeply .
suzie shepherded the first few people over there , and before long the scent of cinnamon and cloves had wafted into the dining room and the other parents came nosing over for their share .
not only a trench coat , but downstairs on the ground floor a trilby , a beret , several silk scarves , a plain gold bangle , a purse , and a huge quantity of make - up and perfume .
he folded his jacket over her knees , breathed her scent deep into his body and wished she were dreaming of him .
dolly always enjoyed a visit to the horse kennel ; muckheap smell was her favourite perfume .
she inhaled his scent , some kind of masculine combination of soap and musk cologne .
she watched him go , trying to recall the feel of his lips on her forehead and his scent in her nostrils .
she breathed in the scent of him coffee , sunshine and sawdust .
she sank her face into jasmines hair , breathing in the scent of her , familiar yet different , a new perfume picked up in paris , but still her little girl , now grown , back in her arms again .
she sank her face into jasmines hair , breathing in the scent of her , familiar yet different , a new perfume picked up in paris , but still her little girl , now grown , back in her arms again .
she was nt able to wear her favorite perfume , as some of the cats were allergic to what was considered a harsh aroma , even though it smelled like freshly baked sugar cookies .
it 'll be a line of lotions with a tangy ocean scent and with the added antioxidant blueberry seed oil .
inside the sleek concrete floored caf , the aroma of perking coffee awakened her nose along with the happy accompanying scents of cinnamon , chocolate , sweet sugar and earthy spices .
he drew the inside of the wrist to the nostrils and sniffed at what was left of perfume essence of cyclamen .
more she approached the goal , and more the air was fresh and full of scents of pine , eucalyptus , orange blossom and rosemary .
the lush landscape of birds and of mediterranean and exotic plants showed himself to his senses in the form of melodious sounds and scents .
trizia found that pleasant touch as delicate as the scent of his cologne .
he flung open the doors between puffs of smelly tires overheated , stale perfume mixed with sweat .
smells of grilled , chopped onion browned by the bolognese sauce , mingled with char burning , ladies perfume , which is poured wine from the carboys .
for example , if either of us winds up at a shopping mall over the break ( and the chances of that occurring for both of us are almost guaranteed since at least one of us will have a relative that needs to do more shopping before christmas is actually here ) then we could go to a high end perfume and cologne counter and check out some new fragrances to see if any new ones especially perk up our olfactory senses .
at least you checked out some perfume and cologne and i did too .
when he 'd leaned close to press the lift button , the luscious scent of jasmine and woman sucked him in .
he wanted to taste her , lick every inch of skin and swim in that scent .
the smell of her jasmine perfume , the light step of someone her size .
little sweetie , she murmured , briefly closing her eyes and breathing in the babys mother - intoxicating scent .
does testosterone have a distinct scent , she wondered , wrinkling her nose at traces of after shave and lysol mingled with the pervasive odor of perspiration .
the scent of magnolias swirled about them .
a stifling combination of designer perfume , overcooked shrimp and jock testosterone hung in the air like a miasmic cloud .
i could n't think with her so close , the tantalizing strawberry scent of her body wash or shampoo teasing my nostrils and making me want to imprint that smell on my skin again , the way it had last night .
he swooped in for another kiss , softer this time , and i savored the taste of mint on my tongue , the scent of his citrus aftershave filling my senses .
i catch a drift of his aftershave as i pass , a rich , masculine scent with a hint of something spicy .
i lathered my hair in the spicy scent and smiled .
exhausted , i snuggled into his pillow , savoring his scent .
standing up , she gave him a brief hug and caught the faint scent of cigarette smoke .
a cool breeze made its way into the open window behind susan , filling the room with the scent of pine .
sitting on the rustic swing on the cabins front porch , she breathed in the fresh scent of pine as she opened her carton of yogurt and dipped her spoon in for her first bite .
the heavy scent of pine triggered susans childhood memories of camp shipleyfond memoriesand she hated the way the wad of tissue paper with sarahs hair made this place feel ugly and unsafe .
she has done very well in bringing you here with all the encouragements and false scents you needed .
he found himself breathing in her unique scent and had to concentrate to keep the hand around her waist instead of letting it wander , explore .
lifting my face to the sky , i catch the breeze for any scent of their pungent magic .
the cloyingly sweet scent of patchouli gave jonathan an instant headache .
i lean into her personal space one last time to inhale her vanilla - coconut scent .
we could make it work again , and he leaned over so close that she could smell sadies perfume on him , and before she could protest , he grabbed her and pulled her closer and began kissing her .
i leaned in and pulled her earlobe into my mouth , breathing in the smell of her shampoo and the clean scent of her skin as my hand slid up from her hip , over her waist until i felt the side of her breast against my palm again .
the sudden motion made my head spin , but the scent of coffee helped settle my stomach .
i ' m surrounded by his scent .
` ` that explains the pink and extra blast of perfume . ''
about the way his hand stroked the small of my back and how his scent seemed to encapsulate me .
her perfume fills the room as she moves .
i can smell the faint scent of alcohol in the hall , but helen seems to carry herself well .
my fist clenches as holly 's fruity perfume fills my nose .
his hair is gelled , face shaven , and i can smell the spicy scent of his aftershave .
she moves a bit closer , smelling of strong perfume and tequila .
he stands to see me out , walking close so i can smell the spicy scent of his cologne .
i breathe in his scent , finally feeling like things are going my way .
a breeze blows through the window reminding me of her scent .
the breeze blowing around us is warm and it pushes his scent toward me .
i nearly cry though when i m enveloped in his scent .
williams nostrils flared as the faint metallic scent wafted up from the dark patch of grass .
she clamped her lips closed , shut her eyes , and imagined an idling river , a quiet meadow at the base of the mountains , the scent of daisies and pine needles .
the strong scent of formaldehyde was in the air .
i passed the hydrangeas and the various orange and peach trees , and the hints of palmettos on the edges of the yards , my nose lingering in the scent of late - spring , early summer .
too bad shed had to move her booth out of the relatively quiet corner of the counts ballroom , but the varying scents drifting into her space from the deathly buzzings marital aids booth had proven too much for both her clients and for her .
yet just the memory of williams scent , his whisky - gold eyes , inexplicably made her insides go liquid , made her want to lean against the massage table and stretch like the cat she was , to slip her fingers between her legs and tease herself .
her rich scent assaulted his nose , and he fought the wildness that swelled his cock .
her warm scent washed over him .
the strong scent of vanilla and sawdust assaulted him .
before either of them could speak , the scent of vanilla and sawdust assailed evan and beneath it was something heady and sweet .
yet when desi started using her magic , the teasing smell of roses and some indefinable sweet scent wafted past his nose .
something clicked , and the scent of roses filled the room .
they remind me of your perfume .
the scent of fresh hay and clean water replaced the reek of evil , although not entirely .
to say he was surprised by the little red - haired mortal would be an understatement , but he was infatuated with her every move and her scent was ripe and luscious .
harry rubbed his hands together , inhaled the delightful scents of machine and womanhis two favorite things in the worldand got to work .
her scent blossomed around him as he pawed at her legs , trying to separate them .
the scent of her desire made his hips twitch , and when his pelvis rubbed against hers , she moaned .
when she breathed , it was his scent and his breath she was inhaling .
the sweet smell of what must be grain , but smelled faintly of molasses , and the soothing scent of the animals themselves filled the place .
her scent remained on the shirt , its very softness making him think of her .
leaning down to brush a kiss against her silky cheek , he breathed deeply of the soft floral scent that always floated around her .
a breeze blew into the house , and she smelled his scent again .
his skin was still dry , and his scent of wind and trees so strong , so peaceful .
she ran her lips on his neck , and breathed in his scent .
the crisp chemical fragrance of the ice and zamboni ; the old beer spilled on the floor ; the popcorn scents in the stands .
her scent was musk and spice and shit , i could nt think straight .
his scent was delicious , all leather and spice .
bringing her hand to my lips , i kissed each knuckle , enjoying the sweet subtle scent on the inside of her wrist .
but i could still smell the scent of his skin on the pillow he 'd slept on , the pillow i was hugging to my body .
certain she 'd smelled women 's perfume , now she knew she was losing her mind .
scents of pine and earth rooted her to the natural world around her .
caroline spritzed perfume in the air and walked through it before she made her way down the stairs to meet her new family .
he leaned forward resting his elbows on the desk , his deliciously masculine scent inflicting an acute bout of dizziness .
the heat from his body radiated his scent .
your new friend , cade she could n't scrape the smile from her face as she breathed in the delicate scent of the rose .
a familiar masculine scent and smooth voice interrupted her intense thoughts .
breathing in his heady scent , she wrapped her arms around his toned waist and changed the subject .
before he turned the corner into her room , she smelled kristy 's designer perfume .
his scent swirled through her senses , urging her to return his kiss .
his hair was soft under her fingers and she breathed in his musky scent .
sandalwood incense was always burning throughout his castle to mask the scents of rotting flesh , decay , sulfur and smoke that wafted through the windows .
that s when the scent of breakfast hit her nose reminding her that shed left her apartment that morning without having anything for breakfast .
the scent of scrambled eggs , french toast , and sauting vegetables slammed into her nose , making her mouth water .
an earthy scent .
she wrapped her arms around him and buried her face in the crook of his neck , breathing in his musky scent of blood and steel .
he caught her unique scent of dew - laden grass and honeysuckles upon the wind and followed it .
he breathed deep , wanting more of her , to breath in her scent and essence into his lungs like a drowning man - freshly cut grass and honeysuckles .
she hugs me in a cloud of sickly sweet perfume , and i whisper in her ear .
thank you , i said , taking the flowers and inhaling their heavy scent .
he sniffed and her dark musky scent surrounded him .
george looked down , breathing in the scent swirling from her hair and rising from her bosom , and he told himself he was looking at her cards and not her chest .
she stepped around the desk , leaned down to rub the tip of her nose on his cheek and to smell the scent that was his alone .
she breathed in the earthy scent of green trees and did nt bother to walk around the mud .
aphrodisiacs from the kitchen the naughty girls guide to divining by the dots the kitchen witch spring into summer book the kitchen witch yuletide book the kitchen witch halloween book odd true tales , volumes 1 - 5 fun fare recipes , spicy fun fare recipes , vegetarian fun fare recipes , gourmet fun fare recipes , fantasy fun fare recipes , halloween holistic harmony series : natural healing natural medicines natural good scents anthologies romance : fantasy , food , and fortune telling breaking the thought barrier love is nuts ( 3 tales ) erotic romance cymrics rose samantha white & the seven dwarves dungeons & dirty dreams romeos revenge tina takes a tumble saving sally savoy a knight to remember just another lonely knight in the heat of the knight the adventures of cassie nova the cowboys & the courtesan wicked comes the beast playing pirates pirates do it with passion the sylver & steele series paperback anthologies my knightly adventures return to the burn ca nt fight the feeling pirates & other wicked pleasures = = = = = = = < > < > < > his hearts delight the braedon family series | book one mary blayney his hearts delight morgan braedon is not the slightest bit interested in marriage though his family thinks its essential to his future .
the old ladys skin was parchment fine and her scent was of roses and something else that was old - fashioned but charming .
the scent of nerves stretched to the limit was as palpable as any perfume .
he sat on a chair next to hers and let himself be soothed by the lavender and rose scent that had been his mothers as well .
he swore he could smell the floral scent she wore .
she turned toward him and morgan leaned closer , closer than he should , and breathed in the youth and vibrancy she wore like a scent .
summer bloomed all around them and even though the flowers were shrouded in the darkness , their fragrance bathed them in an evocative scent .
the scent of coffee fills the room , awakening my fuzzy senses .
visions of my father and brother join them as a fresh floral scent fills my nostrils , even in this unconscious abyss .
i relax as the scent hits me and call out .
it was early fall , but still plenty warm and in the tight confines of the bleachers people were getting sweaty and with that , a heightened scent .
as beautiful as jason 's scent was , it was off from what i remembered .
a new scent aroused my thirst .
he was healthier , his scent stronger , more enticing .
i pushed back against him overwhelmed by the strong male scent . ''
my next breath was filled with the scent of jason 's sweet blood .
a light scent slowly made its way to him .
he could smell the scent of cherry and lavender in his nostrils .
he inhaled as that same scent filled his lungs .
her scent wafted off of her skin .
suddenly , her scent filled the air .
to each other , we smell sweet , with an undeniable scent that attracts us .
compared to a blood hound , they are just about half as capable , meaning their noses can be fooled with certain perfumes .
a waft of scent plumed in the air as she let go .
the scent was of cherry and lavender again overtook him .
she could smell a sweet scent coming from his chest .
a thin , light scent of molasses lingered in the shot glass .
as he looked over the clothes that familiar scent came back .
it overpowered the scent of cherries and lavender .
he could smell the cherry and lavender scent hovering in the car .
that sweet scent again .
it was nt the same sweet scent she was used to .
he inhaled as a scent of musk filled his sinuses .
it was much easier than sitting next to her where his nose would fill with the perfume she always used of simple flowers , and her intense proximity would compel him into a battle of trying to avoid touching her .
the aromatic perfume of the flowers he frequently filled the house with wafted in her nose .
the air itself was a mixture of sweat and perfume , intoxicating and overpowering his olfactory sense .
the first thing clarice did when she crossed the threshold of her surgery was to close her eyes and inhale the fresh , clean scent .
yes , she was happy once more as she breathed in the fresh pine scent around her .
she loved this scent .
hunter stalked closer , lured by the exotic scene , a mixture of fresh pine scent and orange blossoms , his footsteps absorbed by the soft carpet .
with his olfactory sense , he inhaled her peach and orange blossom scent , which drove him mad , making him crave her even more .
peach scent .
god , he could nt shake the feelings that overcame him as his nose inhaled her scent once again .
the red - haired woman gracefully turned her head to look at the old man , which in turn made her coppery mane sway past antons face , and he could nt help sucking in her sweet , exotic scent .
all around him , the scent of pine trees and orange blossoms intoxicated his nose .
god , that perfume , hunter thought .
although , he must admit if he could smell that perfume from twenty meters away , he could always make his escape just in time before she reach him .
it was an accident , hunter said , wanting to caress that soft cheek again , inhaling her sweet orange blossom scent .
i could smell the subtle spice of his cologne and a baser scent that was pure male .
a gardenia flowered its little butt off nearby , its heady scent a soothing reminder of my mother 's green thumb .
i drew the scent of the gardenias into my lungs .
i love hearing my name on your lips , smelling your scent when you come . ''
the scent of blossoms drifted to me before we entered .
i slipped off my shoes and socks which was something else i had nt done before , at least not since i was a kid , and as i followed her along the sparkling white beach with the scent of the ocean in my nostrils , i realized that i liked it .
it still smelled like her perfume and the fragrance filled my senses and lulled me to sleep .
my tongue danced over his , and a burst of his scent filled my nose .
i could still feel her on my lips , her scent of cherries with a hint of warm vanilla burning in my nose .
when she nodded that familiar scent of cherry and vanilla wafted from her curls and filled my nose .
i watched her head of curly locks the whole time ; fighting a smile every time a new wave of her cherry - vanilla scent hit my nose .
as i brushed my nose against his chest , breathing in a scent so wonderful i could taste it on my tongue , he kissed my hair .
the wave of her scent fired up my adrenaline , but i managed to keep myself from taking her up against the marble wall .
when we relaxed , he laid his sweating forehead into the crook of my neck , and i gently ran my fingers through his hair , absorbing his blood - warming scent .
his scent wafted from his skin and relaxed the tension i d built inside .
i wrapped my arms around mama , and soon as i got my nose against the honeydew melon scent of her skin , the tears and whimpering started .
all i cared about was the shirt that bunched under my fingers and the scent that was keeping my heart from completely shattering .
drawing in close , he leaned his forehead against mine , and that familiar wave of his blood - warming scent took over my senses almost instantly .
he backed me up against his bedroom wall , surrounding me with his familiar , masculine scent that was known for making my mouth go dry .
he pulled her towards him , and his nostrils caught the gentle breeze of her perfume .
feeling the softening effect of the hot water and aromatic bubbles on her skin , she closed her eyes and tried to let the ambiance of the bathroom , created by candles , gentle music and pleasant scent , take care of her stress .
but even then , when she was gone , the faint scent of her perfume lingered in the air , not letting him forget about what had just happened .
but even then , when she was gone , the faint scent of her perfume lingered in the air , not letting him forget about what had just happened .
but even before the sweet and refreshing mixture reached her taste buds , she was surprised by the scent that hit her nostrils .
the mint mixed with some other scent , subtle and flowery but intangible .
sound of waves and scent of the sea breeze reached their ears and nostrils .
despite the dirt and dust she was covered with , he could still smell her perfume , the faint scent of orange blossom , emanating from her skin and hair .
despite the dirt and dust she was covered with , he could still smell her perfume , the faint scent of orange blossom , emanating from her skin and hair .
the pink leaves she still could nt identify , gave the mojito the same rosy tint and that elusive floral scent .
the only thing that remained the same from those days was his scent ; his favorite cologne that blended so well with the natural smell of his skin .
it had the same slight pink tinge and the faint flowery scent and taste .
this technique opens the cells in the petals , releasing the scent and taste .
when he moved past her she could smell the clean citrus scent of his aftershave and she fought the urge to lean closer .
the chair was still warm from her body and the spicy floral scent she wore hung in the air .
the familiar scent of shalimar surrounded him .
she turned , leaving the spicy floral scent she wore behind .
when he opened the door to store the spicy scent of chili came out in a delicious wave and her stomach rumbled .
he nuzzled the soft skin behind her ear and breathed in her scent .
when he put on his jacket she smelled the slightly musky scent of his aftershave and she remember exactly how good it had felt to be wrapped in all of his warmth .
the slightly sweet musty smell of old flowers and too much perfume immediately took her back to childhood and sitting next to gran on sunday mornings .
his head moved in front of her as he repeated the process with her other shoulder and she breathed in the scent of him , some kind of spicy citrus and warm man .
she felt his heart beat , warm and strong , through the thin cotton of his t - shirt and breathed in the scent of laundry soap and man .
he kissed the top of her head , breathing in the spicy floral scent of her shampoo .
he bent and nipped at the tender skin behind her ear , breathing in the spicy floral scent that hung in her hair .
when he slid his hands under her hair , the warmth of her body and a fresh wave of the spicy floral scent she wore threatened to swamp him .
his erection throbbed with the tempo of his heart and for one delicious moment he let himself go , grinding against her while he inhaled the spicy floral scent he would always know as hers .
unlike store bought berries that were shipped from halfway around the world , these were red the whole way through and when she sliced them the scent of fresh strawberry filled the room .
he detected a faint scent of ladies perfume .
he detected a faint scent of ladies perfume .
i could still smell that scent on him , but the clean aroma was overpowering it .
most people did nt enjoy the pine scent of all - purpose cleaner the way i did , but for some reason it always made me feel better .
i could hear the beeping of machines and smell the sterile scent that always permeates through a hospital .
jane looked at him again , smoothed down his pillow and as she did so her face came close to his so close he could smell the clean fragrance of her perfume and he closed his eyes .
watching the landscape flatten , inhaling the marshy scent of the coast and admiring the massive oak trees that i used to climb on as a child , i could feel the tension escaping from my body .
thick white hair that was shaved to a near crew cut status and just slightly thinning on top , closely cropped mustache , dark eyebrows , tanned skin , trim build and the rich scent of cherry pipe tobacco hanging on his clothes .
it carried a distinctive odor that reeked of near - stifling wealth , damp woods and an unidentifiable spice that was entirely unlike the comforting salty marsh scents that mixed sweetly with south carolinas warmer temperatures .
daddy led the babysitter into the house and after thoroughly briefing her about bedtimes and emergency phone numbers and the growling poodle and grannys penchant for blurting odd commentary , we piled into mammas cadillac leaving behind an aromatic trail of perfume , cologne and hair spray .
i could smell thriving estuary life in the breeze and knew from the fertile scent that it was low tide .
it was late morning and the playful spring air carried a musky - sweet scent of wild wisteria blooms tousled with damp earth .
the light vanilla flavor of the wine complimented the perfume - like smell of the flowers .
relaxed by the comforting scents and sounds of home , i suddenly figured out what had been nagging at me about the tax maps and closing paperwork .
in the hallway she passed her youngest sisters room and smelled the familiar herbal scents coming from beyond the door .
sort of a wind and water scent .
and in spite of herself , maya sniffed the christmassy scent of them , and felt her spirits rise .
she reclined against calebs chest , and her hair was under his chin , and the scent of it reached up to tickle his nose and his memory .
she breathed him in , felt the warm weight of his hand against her back and smelled the familiar male scent of him , tangy and fresh .
all she could do was to savor it right nowlisten to his deepened breathing , smell the clean scent of his hair , feel the warmth of his stomach and thigh pressed against her , give herself up to sleep while she was still in his arms , feeling perfectly happy and perfectly right .
just as you completed the slow entry into the valley , the trail opened up for a few hundred meters of smooth going until you reached the bottom of the ascending mountain on the other side , where the water rushed through a few times a year and where the deep scent of origins permeated a grateful nose .
her cat nose did nt know all the scents .
she concentrated and sent a message to the mountain lion , kind of the way shed talked to house cats in the past , all images and scents .
even from this distance her lavender scent teased his nostrils and made them flare with pleasant memories .
haileys mouth watered as the scent of tuna followed the tearing sound of metal .
i breathe in , and inhale the subtle scent of his skin .
pulling off my sneakers , i slid back onto the cool crisp sheets , which smelled like bleach and detergent with a faint floral scent mixed in .
i had been here several times in my life , and the beach called to me like magic , the scent of the sea exhilarating , even before it was visible .
i caught the flick of a cigarette lighter and wrinkled my nose at the pungent scent of cigarettes .
it smelled like him , manly musk with a sweet aftershave scent .
the scent of lemon assaulted my nose .
sitting down across from him , she blew into her mug and tweaked her nose when the rising heat tickled her nostrils with the strong scent of the cocoa and cinnamon mixture shed dusted her coffee with .
his mouth curved into a smile as an enticing waft of lavender scent tickled his nostrils .
pine scent flirted with her senses again .
the sultry scent of vanilla lingered in her wake , continuing the relentless seduction his senses had ineffectively dealt with over the past hour .
he wasespecially since he d just caught another enticing whiff of her vanilla scent .
the elusive pine scent from earlier teased her nostrils .
his red - hot heat intensified every flavor and scent .
she drank in the scent that had warmed and strengthened in the height of their passion .
the mall had gone all - out on the north pole set - up , including real trees to give off a fragrant pine scent , fake snow falling gently in the background , and most impressive , a live reindeer stalled just to the left behind st . nick so the antlered animal would be in all the pictures .
just as amanda began to enjoy the feel of his body , the taste of wine on his lips and the musky male scent of his skin , a light went on outside .
his thoughts whirling , his senses reeling , parker took in the sweet apple scent of her hair .
the entire house smelled of cookies , snicker doodles by the scent of it , and a small plate beside her filled with half - eaten cookie crumbs .
the air inside was fragrant with evergreen and cinnamon , blended with that peculiar scent of ' old people ' which always clung to the elderly .
ever since she 'd died , cassie had n't really noticed much except the light scent of a ozone that came from whichever direction jeremiel was standing , but instead of gagging her the way ' old people ' scent usually did , it was somehow reassuring .
she stuck her fingers inside her mouth and relished the salty , coppery scent .
the sweet scent from a honeysuckle growing up a trellis behind a flower bed of blooms diffused into the night air .
i do nt know why , just when i smell that scent i think of cotton candy , nate relayed .
his tongue found hints of perfume and as jess sweat , the warm aroma crept up johnnies nose , bringing back all the feelings he felt backstage at the concert .
she was n't wearing perfume , and her natural scent was earth - toned and homey .
she was n't wearing perfume , and her natural scent was earth - toned and homey .
finally he got his finger on why her scent hit him as so homey .
he wanted her in his arms again , with his mouth firmly latched onto her tits and her wolf - human scent in his nostrils .
maureen 's homey scent , the result of her wolf genes .
his nose sorted through the mess of scents for that one special perfume that was n't quite human or quite a she - wolf but already said home to him .
his nose sorted through the mess of scents for that one special perfume that was n't quite human or quite a she - wolf but already said home to him .
with my nose buried into my dads chest , i breathed in his scent of fresh cut wood and fabric softener .
instrumental spanish guitar music played softly in the background , and a slight scent of cinnamon wafted on the air .
the scent of christmas wafted on the air , and classic christmas music played subtly in the background , disguising the fact the villa was otherwise silent , and empty .
it was unbelievably quiet , and the crispy cold air lacked the scent of pollution .
right here , though , with liz in my arms and her sweet perfume filling my head , i feel .
i ve stopped with the tobacco , but evidently after smoking it for so many years , the scent still lingers .
i did nt think i was able to taste the cake itself , but the lingering scent was enough to make it seem like i had .
the shade felt good , and the scent of pine was enchanting .
frothy bubbles billow up around me , and the scent of lavender fills the room .
her spicy , floral perfume , the glow of the streetlights on her soft skin .
he s so close to me , i can smell the faint scent of his cologne .
she was already so close , her thigh pressed against mine in the tiny booth , her strawberry - and - spice scent tickling my nose with each breath .
i wanted to kiss the freckles on her nose and breathe in the strawberry scent of her hair .
i breathe in the sweet scent of the outside world .
i breathe in the familiar scent of the house perfectly content .
chest rests his chin on my head and breathes in the scent of my hair .
i could nt quite place the different scents .
the music , the sparkling crystal chandeliers , the gentle murmur of the guests , the passing colors , and the scents of evergreens added to the pleasurable experience .
she loved the smell of him , clean baby scent , innocence personified .
amelia put her head on his shoulder and breathed deeply of his unique scent , bay rum and pure joshua .
she held a paper wrapped parcel that teased amelia with a delicious scent .
i rolled down my window and slowed my car to smell the fresh scent of the newly cut hay .
a sweet smell of water wafted over me and drenched me in their refreshing scent .
the scent of spicy oranges and dark chocolate began to waft through the shop and drifted to the noses of the female clientele .
like how his chocolate would make women feel lust , and the strange effect his scent seemed to have on women too .
tristan released his pheromones and the scent of dark chocolate and oranges wafted through the air .
i remember this scent from somewhereand your eyesyour hair .
the scent of chocolate and oranges wafted through the air .
tristans unique scent hit the womens noses and they breathed in deep , becoming drugged on his intoxicating scent .
tristans unique scent hit the womens noses and they breathed in deep , becoming drugged on his intoxicating scent .
the scent of vanilla and chocolate wafted through the air temptingly .
tristan breathed in and caught a whiff of issys scent - vanilla and sugar cookies .
a sweet , delectable scent .
she had the same scent as his chocolate angel , coco .
she smelled like vanilla and sugar cookiesthe same scent as coco .
a decadent scent .
rachel leaned into his back giving tristan the opportunity to breath in rachels peaches and cream scent .
he concentrated on not breathing in her sugar cookie and vanilla scent .
the half - succubus spritzed some of her favorite perfume onto her skin - christian diors hypnotic poison , which for some reason smelled like a combination of vanilla , cinnamon , and cotton candy on her skin .
michael took that opportunity to breath in minas unique rose scent .
her sugar cookie and vanilla scent caused tingles to run up and down his arms .
a cloth was shoved against tristans face and he breathed in a heavy chemical scent .
while they made chocolate together side by side , issy could feel the heat of tristans body , and smell his tantalizing scent of oranges and dark chocolate that made her mouth water and her knees weak .
as i stepped out of the car i was assailed by the sweet scent of lilac !
i tried to focus on the marvelous screen of the car but , inevitably , i could smell his perfume , reminding me of deep forest scents .
i tried to focus on the marvelous screen of the car but , inevitably , i could smell his perfume , reminding me of deep forest scents .
just the feeling of his hair touching mine , just smelling his masculine scent blended with a deep woods perfume , put me in a daze .
just the feeling of his hair touching mine , just smelling his masculine scent blended with a deep woods perfume , put me in a daze .
i felt him kiss my hair , inhaling its scent as he brushed it softly with his lips .
a faint but still invigorating scent , released every time she brought her hands close to my face .
i know who you smell , but smell again ; there is another scent and what if you re wrong ?
gregs scent is so much stronger ; the other scent is barely noticeable .
the scents are all mixed together and it is becoming very confusing .
a soft voice is at my ear as a delicate , subtle scent seems to surround me calming me .
entering the nursery , the warmth blankets me immediately , warming my cool skin as the sweet scent of the herbs fills my nostrils conjuring wonderful memories and healing my still guilt ravaged soul .
i smell the scent of a holly - berry fire downstairs maybe that will relax you .
the musky scent of incense filled my nose , and burned my eyes .
when he stepped closer , the scent of his masculine cologne filled my nose and kick - started my heart .
my nose filled with the masculine scent of his cologne as the warmth from his body lapped at the backs of my knees .
shifting in the smooth ivory silk sheets of my elegant four poster bed , i caught a waft of perfume that finally stirred me awake ; again opening my eyes wide , i beheld the vision of a tall , slender blonde who , in my present state of blissful respite , seemed angelic in demeanor .
and i must admit that , in addition to his almost ridiculous degree of sleek masculine beauty , oliver was quite the charmer as well ; a full fifteen minutes after watching him disappear into his office , i still felt the heat of his stare , the feel of his full , warm lips on my hands , the lingering effect of his citrus - tinged scent i still heard that smooth , deep voice echoing in my ear , singing my praises endlessly as he flattered and fawned over me .
i felt his hot , crisp breath on my neck and inhaled his citrus - tinged scent ; all the while all too aware of how beautifully and naturally my body fit against his .
oliver shut his eyes tight and inhaled my scent ; his hands scaling my back and stroking my hair as though he was memorizing my every trait and feature .
after considering an assortment of extravagant offerings that any lady might loveanything from velvet clutch purses to silk dresses to fragrant perfumes brewed and blended in the heart of parisi eventually came to face the infamous dalton jewelry counterthe place where so many of my unfortunate dollars had disappeared without a trace since my courtship with lily began .
maybe ill get a plaque , a lovely and tasteful floral bouquet , maybe even some decorative candles in my favorite scent and a gift certificate to my favorite sushi bar or miniature golf course .
i took a deep breath and allowed our new combined scent to fill my nostrils .
i could smell her unique scent and i could feel her confusion .
when we have completed that we picked up our incense and fanned the smoke and scent around the area .
the street was full of flowers and the scent of them brought a freshness to the air , a burst of the dewy countryside , that you do nt normally get in central london .
they went as far as the eye could see snaking off into the mist and people wandering in the narrow lane between them , stopping to touch and savour , to lift a plant up and admire it , to smell the heady scent of the roses .
he breathed and the early morning air was full of the scent of flowers .
the scent of it had lingered on his clothing like he d been calming his nerves with a cigarette just before he knocked on her door .
ben had been trying to quit for several days now , so he found the aromatic scent of the cigar smoke very disconcerting .
the woman got up , wafting a strange exotic scent as she moved .
* * * layla could smell the scent of rakshimas clothes and that should have been reassuring .
lennie closed his eyes and enjoyed the sweet scent flowing through his nostrils .
she inhaled , hoping to dispel thoughts of romance , but lennies scent filled her lungs .
under the cover of darkness , lennie shut his eyes and sank under the smell of her perfume and the feel of her lips .
he pressed the doorbell at the precise moment he noticed angelas perfume had settled in his jacket .
a woodsy scent emitted from his body and lingered when he returned to his seat .
he caught the scent of her pomegranate shampoo and briefly closed his eyes .
i took in a deep breath trying to cool down , but that only made things worse when i inhaled his masculine scent .
as i pulled the shirt over my head , i could smell a blend of jakes scent mixed with some sort of really neat fabric softener .
his shirt carried the scent of freshly cut pine .
the man carried a faint , enticing scent of new lumber , and she fought the urge to lean toward him and sniff him .
she got in and realized the car smelled faintly like bud , that woodsy scent she remembered from the appointment in his office .
his warmth , his scent , the intensity of his hug won her over and she gave in , holding him tightly in return .
sleep eluded her , and the scent of jeremy on the pillow had dissipated .
when the window came down , a mixture of salt air and the scent of coconut wafted into the mercedes .
the familiar , yet aseptic scent of the hospital slapped kira in the face as the automatic doors whooshed open .
catching the scent of the sea air as she neared the beach , kira instantly calmed down .
the salt air mixed with surf wax and a woody scent filled her lungs like a bellows , allowing her to breathe without crying .
the air was clean , with the scent of the dirt below my feet predominant .
sharp and fresh , the scent fills the space around me .
it is one of her favorite scents , the way the atmosphere smells just before rain begins .
but i know that when she does finally wake , favorite scents or no favorite scents , that peace will seep from her .
but i know that when she does finally wake , favorite scents or no favorite scents , that peace will seep from her .
he d seemed like a pleasant enough man , and with his cherry - hued cheeks and nose and a distinct scent of scotch that clung to his clothes like scum on a pond , he would have been exactly the kind of man her mother would have dated .
his rich , masculine scent filled her nostrils .
having him there in her new place and breathing his intoxicating scent made her forget how he d left her so abruptly , and when shed needed him most .
the scent of marijuana hung heavily in the air .
with her head on his chest , she breathed in his scent and was suddenly desperate to feel him as close to her as he could possibly be .
she inhaled sharply , relishing in the feel of him , and in his delicious scent .
a familiar scent perfumed the air .
she breathed deeply and smelled a spicy leather scent , his masculine scent .
she breathed deeply and smelled a spicy leather scent , his masculine scent .
chapter 21 amid the smell of fear - saturated secretions of teenage boys who had recently met their demise , a new scent perfumed the air .
advancing a single step , mrs . alders foul breath mingles with her flowery perfume .
when the elevator reaches the fifth floor and the door begrudgingly opens , mrs . alder shuffles out , leaving behind the vague stench of her perfume and her breath in her wake .
her soft skin and lavender scent nearly melting him into a grateful pool of warmth .
she had a nice assortment of floral scents and some fruity cherry and strawberry .
the sweet scent of lavender - laced vanilla rose as she dumped a measure of body wash into her hand .
elijah crouched , prepared to leap , when the lush scent of ripe cherries slid across his senses in teasing tendrils .
satisfied that he 'd made his point for the moment , he shifted and faced the arched entry to the great room , his attention riveted to that ripe , sweet scent that was making his dick hard .
his scent was in the air , an earthy yet exhilarating fragrance of clove and bergamot that was rich with male pheromones .
a surge of heat moved through her as his scent grew stronger .
the potent scent of his blood fil ed vash 's nostrils .
as she walked , her head began to clear ... then elijah cut her off by stepping in front of her , fogging her mind with the exotic scent that was unique to him , a fragrance reminiscent of cinnamon and cloves .
the scent of sex engulfed him in a steamy mist , spurring his ferocious mood .
he nuzzled his nose between her br**sts , breathing in her luscious scent now mingled with his own .
instead he wal owed in her , breathing in the cherry - sweet scent of her that drove him out of his mind .
gripping the back of his chair , she lowered her lips to his brow and breathed him in , letting the scent of his skin slide through her .
her head lol ed on his shoulder , his scent fil ing her nostrils and intoxicating her already floating senses .
every inhale brought his scent into her nostrils , making her heart pound .
she shoved his shirt up and buried her face in the light dusting of hair on his chest , breathing in the hardworking scent of his skin .
` ` i have char 's kil ers ' scents ingrained in my memory .
she looked down at the floor and said , ` ` crap , i spilled , '' and then flew through the kitchen door , leaving it swinging in a wake of blue silk and lilac scent .
i took the mug and held it under my nose , breathing in the comforting scent .
i hollered , and a few moments later , peach and her perfume wafted in , carrying a tupperware container filled with what looked like big peanut mandms , only pastel - colored .
i snuggled up next to him , nuzzling his bare chest with my nose , loving the solid , manly scent of him , wanting to remember it forever , however long that was .
i breathed in the earthy scent of him , and remembered the taste of his skin .
he breathed in her fruity scent and slowly turned them around , enjoying the comfortable silence until her foot stepped on the front of his shoe .
after the long winter it was nice to see color on the trees again and flowers blooming with their scent of new life .
she laid her head on his shoulder and he breathed in the scent of her shampoo .
once inside the warehouse , a musty scent encircled them .
her healing may not be complete yet , but she could breathe in that scent of freedom that pushed up through the cracks .
he reached around her and she breathed in his exotic scent .
the scent of his skin teased her with her next inhalation .
she was highly aware of his shoulder pressing against the back of hers , and of his scent , which was absolutely delicious .
behind her closed eyelids she absorbed the taste and scent of him , the feel of him so close .
she wanted to roll around with him in a blissful stupor , breathing in that scent of his that drove her wild .
the clean scent of her body and the rich undertone of her arousal permeated his senses .
the warm , vibrant scent of his skin filled her nostrils , wilder today than she 'd remembered .
she twisted on the bed with sensual abandon , the lush scent of her desire going to his head and intoxicating him .
on the first christmas morning after her death , while sitting in church , he 'd caught a trace of the perfume that missy used to wear and he 'd held on to the ache like a drowning man grasping a life preserver until long after the service was over .
it shattered into hundreds of shards and the perfume of dying roses filled the room afresh .
he liked the smell of a horse , the dusty warm scent of a gelding 's shaggy coat on a brisk fall morning .
her scent engulfed him , warm and musky .
the room smelled of must and books and vaguely of sebastian 's unique scent .
he could still smell her perfume , sickly sweet and laden with essence of lilac .
he rubbed his face between her legs , drunk on her scent .
as he buried his nose in arabella 's hair and inhaled her scent , he finally knew what home was , what it ought to feel like - all warmth and acceptance .
he 'd tossed on his empty bed for hours before he was finally able to shake the scent of her skin from his memory long enough to fall into a fitful sleep .
he did , nuzzling her soft cheek and neck and making her giggle , inhaling the faint sweet scent of baby that still clung to her .
his scent filled her lungs , warm and ... different , not musky , exactly , but earthy , and very much the way a man should smell .
she was aware of the calluses on his hands as he stroked her , of the heady male scent of his skin , of the powerful muscles that bunched under her own exploring hands .
afterward , he tugged his t - shirt on over her head , immediately enveloping her in his scent .
roses , peach ones , with a hint of blush along the edges of their petals , dispensed a spicy , peppery scent that overcame the hospital scents of antiseptics and cleaning fluids .
roses , peach ones , with a hint of blush along the edges of their petals , dispensed a spicy , peppery scent that overcame the hospital scents of antiseptics and cleaning fluids .
the shop smelled of paint and grease ; the scents were n't unpleasant .
the early evening air was filled with the scent of spring flowers .
before he knew it , he was up the steps , on the landing , staring at a woman taller than he , who were too much perfume , and smiled down at him .
it had begun to rain lightly as he walked up the trail to camp , and the rain was now pattering busily on the canvas overhead , raising a sweet , musty scent .
manoke 's eyes were fixed on his , and he felt in memory the touch of lips and tongue , and the scent of fresh - sheared copper .
the heat of the indies had n't done the battered tin of bear - grease any good , either ; the rancid fat nearly overpowered the scent of the peppermint and other herbs mixed into it .
no mistaking that smell , even overlaid as it was by grave - reek and the incongruous scent of night - blooming jasmine from the vines that grew in tubs by the terrace .
accompong nodded and took a deep breath , sniffing appreciatively at the mingled scents of cassava porridge , fried plantain , and frying pig - meat .
it sounded like a byre full of cows , and had much the same warm , humid scent - bar the manure .
it was a cheerful place , catering to a mix of wealthy merchants and lesser nobility , and the air was spicy with the scents of candlewax , powder , perfume , and money .
that night rakoczy lay with his head on madeleine 's bosom , eyes closed , breathing the scent of her body , feeling the whole of her between his palms , a slowly pulsing entity of light .
the scent of fresh woodsmoke touched him , and a whiff of yeast : the boulangeries firing their ovens for the day 's bread .
the wind was toward the city now , coming off the fields , full of the resinous cool scent of pine trees and the breath of summer grass and cattle .
people waved from their cars whenever they saw someone on the street whether they knew him or not , and the air smelled of pine , salt , and sea , a scent unique to the carolinas .
the heady scent of rose petals filled the air .
her scent filled his nostrils , delicate and feminine , like their lush floral surroundings .
his rich masculine scent tugged at her senses .
the rough skin of his cheek and his simple masculine scent thickened the arousal building inside her .
she inhaled the scent of his skin and her fingers pressed into the muscle of his back .
she could smell his intoxicating musky scent .
it was hard to even speak with his big , masculine presence looming over her and his rich scent tugging at her senses .
he laid his cheek against her silky hair and breathed in her scent .
she inhaled deeply , savoring the spicy masculine scent that clung to him .
he inhaled deeply , taking in her scent and savoring it .
inhaled his scent , holding and savoring it before finally letting it go for the briefest of moments before inhaling it all over again .
i leaned against the washer and inhaled his faint scent of coconut .
i gave him a quick hug good night , inhaled his coconut scent , and thanked him for bringing me .
i wanted to inhale his coconut scent , map every inch of his skin with my tongue , and hear my name tumble from his lips again when i made him come undone .
his scent wrapped around me like a warm blanket .
the familiar scent of lemon and spice swarmed around her , and though her mind screamed she hated him , her body remembered him as a lover .
the spicy scent of him teased her senses .
the rich scents of fresh tomatoes , lemon and garlic wafted in the air .
she caught a whiff of chanel perfume as elaine whizzed by .
the delicious scents of lemon and spice swarmed her .
her strawberries and cream scent drifted around him and caused an instant erection .
the scent of her arousal drifted in the air , and like a madman , he lifted the barrier and plunged one finger deep .
the scent of his cologne drifted around her like opium and made her knees weaken .
his spicy scent teased her senses .
he buried his face in a mass of fiery waves and breathed in the scent of strawberries .
the sweet scents of fresh berries drifted in the air .
the familiar scent of strawberry and cream teased his nostrils , and he knew that in her own way , she 'd achieved the ultimate revenge .
the scent of ripened strawberries and rich vanilla filled his head , and he tangled his fingers in the glorious weight of her hair and tugged , giving him better access .
her n**ples peaked at his words , and the musky scent of her arousal drifted to his nostrils .
the scent of wood and damp earth rose to her nostrils , and she enjoyed the crunch under her feet as she walked up the twisting pathway toward the cabin .
between her fingers , she rolled the thin pine needles , then brought the scent close to her nose , inhaling .
lurking under the heavy , earthy smells of the forest was an alien scent .
it was sweet and delicate , almost like a perfume , and quite unlike any shifter damien had smelled before .
there were no scents in the air , not even the lotion julia put on every morning .
julia was spread - eagled beneath him now , her body hot under his and her scent tinted brightly with desire .
she gave off a different scent in wolf form , a coarse , earthy scent .
her fear gripped him at the same time that the scents swirled in his nostrils .
she smelled strongly of a fruity perfume , which colin believed to be called curve .
colin prepared by shaving and wearing that wild rain deodorant she liked so much that she 'd nestle up against his chest to catch its scent .
lindsey did n't answer right away , but she leaned in toward colin and he could smell her fruity perfume , and then she lay down next to him on her back , the crown of her head just brushing against his shorts .
the scent of flowers , violets he guessed , hung in the air .
she 'd left it down , at his request , and he gathered the length of it in his hands , loving its clean jasmine scent .
the scent of salt stung the air .
julia did the same , breathing in the fresh clean scent of the sea .
the scent of the water was fresh and stimulating .
the scents of fried fish and the sea mingled .
he smelled her faint flowery scent .
the air was sharp , clean , vibrant with the scent of evergreens .
the scent of blooming roses wafted up to him , and her pink toes were perched against the far end .
the perfume she wore wafted toward him .
he did n't want to quarrel ; what he yearned to do was pull her into his arms , bury his face in her neck and breathe in her scent .
memories rush through her mind in no particular order , some tinged with the sweet scent of roses after a spring rain , some smelling of the sand at the lake where she tasted the first kiss that mattered .
he left her there , in that room that held mike 's presence like a favorite scent , and headed to bret 's room .
liam smelled the sweet scent of his little boy 's hair , felt the soft twining of arms around his neck , and it was enough .
the soft scent of vanilla wafted upward .
someone exited the lazy susan bake shop , and the scent of cinnamon wafted from the open doorway .
there was no perfume like success .
bushy green trees in huge terra - cotta pots flanked the way , releasing - even at this dozing season of the year - a soft , citrusy scent .
the air in sunville had been crisp and cold , and with every indrawn breath came the pungent scent of ripening apples .
she breathed in the sweet , forgotten scent of her little girl - not the baby powder she remembered , but something citrusy and adolescent .
` ` i know , baby ... '' it came to her then , wrapped in the scent of her daughter 's hair , caught in the sticky dampness of tears , and mikaela laughed and cried at the same time .
mikaela paused in the doorway , breathing in the welcoming scent of home .
the freshly polished pews gleamed in the moonlight and the scent of lemon oil wafted toward her .
she 'd breathe in the scent of sea and salt while the birds screeched overhead .
the scent of puget sound mingled with that of fried fish from the takeout booths in the crisp night air .
she was aware of everything about chet , the taste , the feel , the masculine scent of him .
she ran her tongue along the underside of his jaw , loving the taste of him ; the scent of rum - and - spice aftershave enveloped her .
chapter 14 leah walked into her house and was greeted with the fresh , pungent scent of evergreen .
these scents had been like perfume to her when she was a little girl .
his scent circled her like the smoke from a lazy fire , and it felt as if his arms were around her , comforting her .
the scent of fresh bread baking mingled with roast beef and vegetables .
the clerk was helping him make a selection , and he was sniffing a variety of scents .
heaven scent . ''
the scent of freshly baked bread spilled out of the kitchen and into the front of the deli , mingling with those of sliced pastrami and knishes , her father 's specialties .
she wanted to close her eyes and smell the scent of fresh hay .
she makes this incredible sage dressing for the turkey , and the scent of it fills the house . ''
she buried her face in the hollow of his neck and breathed in the warm , spicy rum scent of him .
` ` so ... '' perhaps it was the scent of her perfume that clogged his brain .
` ` so ... '' perhaps it was the scent of her perfume that clogged his brain .
her father closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of the chowder .
at home , the scent of evergreen mingled with ginger and spice , and multicolored lights glittered throughout the house .
the scent of unadulterated sin enveloped me .
the scent of coffee filled the air .
the scent of man and sandalwood instantly wafted to my nostrils .
snared by his sensual appeal as i was , i nuzzled his nose with mine , breathing in his scent , absorbing his heat .
my clothes and skin soaked up the delicious heat of him , the erotic scent of him .
` ` every time i ' m near you , i drown in your scent , '' he muttered .
vanilla and cinnamon flavored the air , blending with the scent of fresh baked breads .
lily was her favorite scent .
i made a mental note to hate that scent for the rest of my life , as well as to check jonathan 's laundry for any hint of roses .
cringing , i rifled through the dirty clothes hamper and the scent of sweet perfume wafted to my nostrils .
cringing , i rifled through the dirty clothes hamper and the scent of sweet perfume wafted to my nostrils .
mom was right ; that was not a scent she 'd ever wear .
the scent of sandalwood taunted and teased my nose .
royce wrapped his fingers around mine and leaned toward me , bringing with him that delicious sandalwood scent .
a fresh , dewy scent washed over me .
feeling bold and dangerous , i plucked a petal from one of the carnations and breathed in its scent , pretending fascination with the flower .
not the perfume on his clothes .
i leaned more snugly against him and breathed in his sandalwood scent .
all that remained was the lingering scent of sandalwood .
i breathed in his scent , warm and male and all royce .
the delicious scent of fresh - baked foods filled the house .
you ' ve been making secret phone calls , and your dirty clothes smell like another woman 's perfume . ''
` ` nora told me about this place she goes to , body electric , '' he rushed , ` ` and how they make custom scents .
i know how much you love lilies , and i wanted you to have your own scent .
his scent hits me hard and i ca n't help but inhale deeper .
the air was scented with perfume and pine and salted mist , and blue skies broken only by the occasional breath of cloud stretched across the horizon .
when she reached jeremy , he could smell the slightest trace of perfume lingering in her hair .
her scent was sweet - as if she 'd recently bathed in the nectar of honeysuckles .
tilting her chin for better access , he kissed her neck , inhaling the sweet scent of her , though he could n't quite place it .
breathing hard , he collapsed on top of her , spent and satisfied as he breathed in her scent .
he leaned closer to her then - so close in fact that she could smell him , the rich scent of sandalwood enveloping her senses until she found herself leaning toward him .
she would not allow her body to respond to his , to how sturdy he felt at her side , the tantalizing scent of him - sandalwood again - and the heat that entered her hand at the point of contact .
he was beyond tense , not only from the close proximity he 'd shared with rebecca in the phaeton for the past four hours , her soft scent teasing him as she 'd slept peacefully at his side , but from pure , uncomplicated lust for her .
he was aware of rebecca 's presence at his right shoulder , her scent blending with the otherwise smoky air .
` ` it 's a masculine scent , '' troy said .
kia 's pulse almost fell over itself as his warm hand touched her bare shoulder and she caught a whiff of his masculine scent .
the wanting poured from him like a familiar scent .
she stilled , breathing in the mingled scent of his body heat and aftershave as it soaked into her pores ... until the soft peck of his lips moved to her ear , to her jawline and finally her mouth again .
she moved past him in a cloud of perfume that was endlessly alluring , then stopped in the middle of the room and faced him , the light of battle entering her eyes .
the clean male scent of him exuded an attraction she found difficult to deny , and her arms slid up around his neck and cupped the back of his head , holding him to her , deepening the kiss .
she could get used to this , she decided as she stood up and wrapped herself in the fluffy material , enjoying its warmth in the air - conditioned apartment , burying herself in its male scent .
and then he stood behind her , bringing a very male scent with him .
she 'd noticed it when he 'd walked in but now the scent intensified like a potent wine , ready to lull her into blissful surrender .
it was her he should strangle , he decided , as she rested her cheek on his shoulder , the soft fragrance of her perfume surrounding his nostrils .
and then she began to notice how wonderful flynn smelled , the tantalizing warmth of his male body mixing with the clean scent of his shirt .
nothing mattered except the delicious taste of her , the glorious scent of her , the explosive feel of her in his arms , rubbing up against him , turning him on .
he stood there for a moment and inhaled her scent still clinging to him .
she could smell his aftershave , a distinct scent of sandalwood and cedar that endorsed his masculinity and threatened to overwhelm her .
this particular scent was way out of her price range these days , and when she could have afforded it - when she 'd been married - she had n't wanted to wear it .
she let him lead her to the door , the touch of his hand searing through the material of her sleeve , the scent of him making her light - headed as they rode down the elevator .
` ` because you know it 's the truth , '' he said , pulling her toward him , the scent of allure perfume filling his nostrils , stirring his senses .
she wondered as she rode the elevator in silence , her senses conscious of damien 's strong presence , the scent of aftershave a vivid reminder of being in his arms all those years ago .
her scent filled his nostrils ... filled his apartment even now .
she shivered as his warm breath wafted over her and wrapped her in its minty scent .
up close , his green gaze was a caress , his male scent too enticing , the tension between them building , overwhelming her , restricting her breathing , making her forget that never again had she wanted to be close enough to see into the irises of his emerald eyes ... or the grain of his skin as it weaved and dipped its way over a strong nose and lean cheekbones ... nor had she ever wanted to touch the fullness of his lips , to know she 'd once ached to have them on her body .
she said huskily , unable to stop herself from savoring the warm , male scent of him rising up in the pocket of air between them .
she returned his kiss , her heartbeat throbbing in her ears , his scent hugging her lungs until all she knew was him .
her heart stopped for a long moment as he held her like that , as if discovering her scent again and reveling in it .
the next morning damien kept his eyes closed as he enjoyed the slight rocking of the boat and inhaled the scent of gabrielle in the tropical air .
inch by inch he moved back along the way he 'd come , retracing his kisses , trailing his lips along to find the exotic scent of her that laced his blood with heat and something so primitive it belonged to just the two of them .
she tossed the silky material on the plush carpet , then continued , slowly undoing the buttons on his shirt , one by one , feeling his heartbeat thudding beneath her hands , his personal male scent embracing her senses .
would damien come home smelling of cynthia 's perfume and with her lipstick on his collar ?
the wood scent from the burning logs in the fireplace wafted throughout the room , and after a few minutes , she could feel the soft music begin to ease the tension inside her .
god , her scent was intoxicating .
he could n't believe that her unique mixture of perfume , musk , and soap fused together to produce this .
even better - he knew that there were other scents , other tastes that would be more divine if he could get there tonight .
laura took a deep breath and - and it almost tasted like he was in her , as if his scent had permeated her lungs , as if it coated her trachea , as if - inhale .
she still had dylan 's taste in the back of her throat , dylan 's scent on parts of her skin in spite of her thorough shower this morning , dylan 's essence deep inside her - and here she was in the arms of another man .
the brush of her hair against her neck , the rasp of his stubble against her cheek as he kissed her , the scent of him , a smoky musk with a hint of citrus - she was his .
as she boarded the train for home , her skin still plastered with the scent of dylan , she marveled at what had just happened a few hours ago .
the scent of her permeated mike 's skin and there it was again , that wave of guilt , but this time tinged with ... possibility ?
the scent of both men mixed with hers , like the ocean at sunrise .
inhale - just as the automatic air deodorizer pushed out a little spritz , filling her lungs with some god - awful fake lily of the valley scent that mixed with the stench of the bathroom and made her gag .
the sweater was warm , she was warm and soft , and she smelled like something sweet , a vanilla - scented perfume that made half the words fall out of his head before he could say them , replaced by a desire to embrace her and just stand there , bathed in her .
` ` oh , what is that amazing scent ? ''
the scent and taste of dylan filled her as mike made sounds of disrobing , the bed shifting as he stood , threw off his clothes , then knelt back on the bed , the smattering of hair on his chest tickling her back , his fingers tantalizing with promise .
decorated in thrift shop finds and tibetan boutique splurges , the perpetual scent of sandalwood and lavender was comforting , though it generally covered up other odors that were finally legal in massachusetts , as long as one kept it under an ounce and in the privacy of home .
dylan 's scent , all musk and smoke and salty , filled the air as he lowered his mouth on her other nipple , keeping symmetry .
and so did the scent of her perfume - valente 's woman .
and so did the scent of her perfume - valente 's woman .
somehow he was glad she wore his family 's perfume .
he was climbing the stairs now and he smelled so good , his clothes fresh but mixed with his own male scent , his breath retaining a hint of coffee .
he pulled her close and she leaned into him , grateful for his presence , comforted by his arms around her , and the now familiar scent of him .
she inhaled him in like he was the very air , his heartbeat merging with hers , his touch purring along her skin , his scent mingling with her own .
if he could have gathered up all the various scents and sounds and tastes and preserved them for all time , he would have given his fortune to do so .
he hugged her close , inhaling the sweet , baby scent of her .
she let the scent of lavender hedges in the courtyard outside swirl around her , and slowly serenity returned .
connor survived the first round of speeches by ignoring victoria completely , although if he 'd been honest he 'd have had to admit that the subtly seductive scent she wore did n't make that easy .
his touch on her waist ... the way he made her feel so fragile and feminine in his arms ... the glorious male scent of him that had surrounded her .
she could smell the crisp , lemony scent of his aftershave , which still lingered after the long day .
for long minutes he held her , not speaking , not thinking , simply savoring the scent of her , the softness of her body under his soothing palm that rubbed along her back in long strokes .
victoria picked him up , inhaling the scent of powder and baby .
he wanted to soak himself in the scent of her , wanted to sate himself in her body .
resting his arms across the back of her chair , he leaned closer , his body warm and his male scent familiar .
the citrus and male scent of him surrounded her .
slowly he inhaled her sweet , feminine scent and realized that he never wanted to let her go .
a woman breezed by him wearing entirely too much perfume and he snapped back to reality .
her light scent drifted over to him and he could feel his pulse start to race and his pants start to get far too tight .
he 'd grown to crave her scent and wanted to bury his head in her shoulder and just draw the smell of her in .
she inhaled the scent of coffee and her eyes widened as she sought out the wonderful aroma .
it did n't help at all with her scent seeming to be soaked into the bed and surrounding him .
there were thousands of twinkling lights strung throughout and the scent of roses wafted in the air from the hundreds of arrangements placed everywhere .
the scent of her hair was causing more erotic images to pop into his mind .
` ` good morning , '' drew said and she could smell the warm scent of muffins wafting through the bag he was holding .
it had n't been that long but she 'd missed her sweet scent already .
she was still so small but she was so beautiful and he 'd missed the soft scent of her .
he cuddled her close to his chest and simply breathed the scent of her into his lungs .
his scent invaded her senses and caused her stomach to tighten with need .
he buried his head in the juncture between her thighs and as her sweet scent hit him , he felt his body pulse in painful desire .
he needed to see her when he walked in the door , he needed to hear her voice ringing out through the hallways and he needed to smell her sweet scent .
he would walk into their large suite , and instantly smell her perfume .
her scent was drifting toward him , a combination of vanilla and spice , the same smell that had been haunting him all week .
i ' ve thought of little else but you for the past two weeks , because each day that i wake up , i smell your scent and it sends desire coursing through me .
he licked the pulse on her neck , felt the strong beat against his tongue as he inhaled her scent of vanilla and spice , something he 'd forever associate with her .
his enticing masculine scent wrapped around her , hypnotic and intoxicating .
gavin leaned in until his delicious masculine scent stole over her .
his scent , masculine and seductive , crept over her .
bree lifted the lid of the first dish to reveal a rush of steam and the tempting scent of delicate hors d'oeuvres , two of each , an array of tiny pastries and bite - sized morsels .
pushing it aside , he kissed her shoulder and neck , inhaling the rich scent of her and burying his face in her hair .
the delicate scent of her skin overwhelmed him as he pressed his lips to hers .
a wispy cloud of expensive perfume teased my nose .
i loved the scent of gabriel 's body , the sound of his voice as he crooned my name or growled in dark pleasure .
gabriel 's scent soothed me even as i ratcheted up my sobs .
i could feel the warmth of his big , hard body and smell the richly masculine scent of his skin .
` ` i need you , gideon , '' i said breathlessly , inhaling his scent , which was richer now that he was aroused .
the scent of our lust was heavy and humid in the air , a seductive mix of need and pheromones that awakened every cell in my body .
the clean , hardworking scent of his skin was an aphrodisiac and intoxicant at once , spurring my desire for him until i felt like i was about to lose my mind .
his scent was all over me - the smell of his skin and hot , grinding sex .
the softness of his skin and his uniquely appealing scent made me moan .
i woke to darkness and the scent of gideon 's skin , the lights and sounds of the city shut out by soundproofed windows and blackout drapes .
i nuzzled my nose between his pecs , feeling the tickle of crisp chest hair against my cheek and breathing in the reassuring , familiar scent of his skin .
i walked straight into him and hugged him tight , smelling a woman 's perfume and hard sex all over him .
i was buzzed by champagne and the heated scent of gideon 's skin mixed with my own arousal .
i inhaled deeply , relishing the mix of his personal scent mixed with the scent of hard lust and harder sex .
i inhaled deeply , relishing the mix of his personal scent mixed with the scent of hard lust and harder sex .
my senses were overloaded by gideon 's scent and the heat of his hard body , the feel of his cock rubbing inside me and his finger pumping into my rear .
the bite of his teeth on my covered nipple sent a shiver through me , while the clean scent of his warm skin intoxicated me .
my pity turned to fierce disappointment when cary joined me in the kitchen with the scent of male sweat and sex clinging to him .
the scent of her arousal was intoxicating and before another thought could pass through my mind , i took her swollen clit between my lips .
he took off his jacket and handed it to me , and i swear to god , the scent made my clit twitch .
his scent filled the car and made it impossible to remember why i needed to resist .
clearing my throat and feeling more than a little embarrassed that i was once again falling into his trap , i stepped out of the car , inhaling the air that was n't permeated by his scent .
picking up one of his shirts i held it to my face , inhaling the delicious scent that drove me insane .
he smelled wonderful , and the scent of his soap and shampoo filled the room .
neither of us moved , our eyes burning into the others and the light scent of her perfume drawing me in .
neither of us moved , our eyes burning into the others and the light scent of her perfume drawing me in .
she sighed against me and her breath fanned across my face , bringing with it the scent and taste of chocolate .
his scent washed over me as i brushed by him , his shoulder coming into contact with my own .
pressing my face into his chest , i inhaled deeply , greedily taking in his scent .
my senses were on overload and i was lost to everything but him ; his scent as it swirled around me , the taste of his tongue as it slid against mine , the sounds falling from his lips and the hardness of his body as it pressed against me .
the door closed behind her and i continued to look down at my paperwork , trying to ignore the way her scent engulfed and obliterated me .
she laughed and i kissed her hair , smiling at the familiar scent of oranges .
she crossed the room to stand beside me , the sound of her dress swinging around her beautiful legs and her delicate scent reaching me before she did .
his scent clung to the soft cotton , bringing with it the ache i always felt when we were apart .
i inhaled deeply as i walked into the kitchen , the delicate scent of orchids and calla lilies filling the large room .
leaning in again , i inhaled deeply , letting the sweet scent wash over me , thankful for this small moment of respite .
his scent still clung to the material and i remembered how it felt to lay next to him , his warm skin pressed against my naked body , the way he touched me and whispered tenderly in the dark .
with a deep breath , i crossed the room to his office , the scent of wood and leather and him filling the air .
i sighed in relief , pulling her to me and lifting her nearly off the ground as i just breathed , letting her familiar scent and nearness wash over me .
even in the dark , i could tell the housekeeper had been here ; the smell of wood polish and disinfectants now hung in the air instead of chloe 's lingering scent .
` ` i ca n't believe you 're here , '' i said into her hair as her familiar scent washed over me , the year since we 'd seen each other last seeming to disappear .
i placed a kiss against her breast , her familiar and delicate scent washing over me .
for a few seconds , she let me hold her up , breathe in the scent of her hair , and pretend that we were somewhere else , maybe my living room or her bedroom , certainly not on the floor of my unlocked office .
i wanted to spend an hour washing her scent from our fingers just so i could stand this close .
i closed my eyes behind the silk fabric and let my other senses take over , inhaling the delicate citrus scent of her perfume , reaching to feel the soft skin of her forearms .
i closed my eyes behind the silk fabric and let my other senses take over , inhaling the delicate citrus scent of her perfume , reaching to feel the soft skin of her forearms .
the perfume in the air was a mixture of ocean and peony .
she smelled like home , like my chloe : her own mild citrus scent and the soft natural smell of her skin .
as soon as i got a whiff of the unfamiliar perfume , i felt my back go rigid with discomfort .
the perfume is ... off .
i could taste her scent in the air , could hear every one of her tight little sounds .
her lips were so close to mine and the taste of cinnamon on her breath , the foreign perfume ... the reality of how far she 'd gone to fool me poured fuel on the flame and i lurched forward , disintegrating ; my kiss was sharp and punishing , starving for the feel and taste of her .
she still smelled unfamiliar - floral , not citrus - but beneath the heavy makeup and new perfume there was something softer in her eyes , something inherently chloe .
reluctantly , i took a step back , inhaling the way the fresh air mixed with the clean scent of his soap .
my shoulder brushed against his and i was close enough to smell him , the scent of soap and mint and a hint of coffee clinging to his skin .
i pulled my fingers from her and reached to kiss the back of her hand , inhaling the scent of her skin .
i felt the heat of him , the scent of his shampoo .
close enough to smell the light scent of her sweat , to remember how f**king amazing it felt to make her sweat .
of course i ca n't use them for a scene , but some extra light is always good , and the heady scent of vanilla and sandalwood can create a good atmosphere .
tonight i ' m lucky , the heavenly scents of a freshly prepared meal already greet me when i open the door to our condo .
i feel myself nod while i try to swallow around the lump in my throat , but before i can answer she 's off the bed and out of the room , leaving a trail of her clean scent with a note of perfume .
i feel myself nod while i try to swallow around the lump in my throat , but before i can answer she 's off the bed and out of the room , leaving a trail of her clean scent with a note of perfume .
she 's already soaking wet , the scent of her arousal nearly overwhelming , and i groan myself when she suddenly grabs my hair and grinds her p**sy into me , wanting , demanding .
i do n't even have to look , i know she 's dripping wet by the faint scent hanging in the air , but i still slide two fingers downwards and between her swollen labia .
burying my face in her stomach i inhale her scent , mixed with the unmistakable note of her arousal and the abundance of lube , while i force myself to calm down .
speeding my hand up further i lean close enough to pick up the faint scent of him , but refrain from touching him anywhere else still .
i pulled to a stop at the curb , reached for my bottle of water , and practically vaulted from my seat , desperate for air that did n't smell like chloe 's perfume , and for just a moment of space to gather my thoughts .
the sheets smelled faintly of her perfume and even more of her .
the room was small and stuffy ; we 'd kept the flowers in here earlier and the cloying perfume filled the dark space .
she shakes her head and as she does , her scent seems to envelop us , blocking out the pungent city smells .
i ' m inhaling her feminine scent , sucking it down , when i ' m startled by the squeal of tires .
at night it 's magically romantic out here , particularly with the majestic view of lake michigan and the sweet scent of the honeysuckle .
i know i 'll never forget his scent now ; it smells like the outdoors , like musk and cedar .
the overwhelming scent of funeral flowers ... the lilies and mums and carnations ... they smell so sweet that they make my stomach turn , and they trigger memories of my parents ' funeral .
that familiar scent , symbolizing something warm and safe , someone warm and safe , makes me realize that i ' m okay .
the sheets still smell like kira 's perfume , even though she left hours ago , and i feel the sudden urge to wash it off of me .
close enough to inhale , so i do , filling my lungs with the scent of apples .
as he does , i catch a whiff of his scent , something unique to him .
i settle more fully into the crook of his arm , enjoying the way his woodsy scent envelops me , even in the cold air .
she leaps from the seat and presses herself against me , wrapping her arms around my neck , her skin smelling like coconut and perfume .
the pain of it turns me on , but her scent turns me on even more .
the last conscious thought i have is of dominic 's scent filling my nose ... musky , manly ... so uniquely him .
i take a deep breath , inhaling the scent , as i eye his closet , and before i can talk myself out of it , i get to my feet and open the doors .
the wind rustles them , spreading them across the sidewalk , carrying their scent on the breeze .
his scent surrounds me , uniquely him , and i inhale it , pulling it into me along with the rest of him .
their voices blend together as security pushes them back and ushers me through the masses , through the sweat and perfume , and into the building .
i inhale her feminine scent , soft and flowery .
being wrapped up in marcus clean masculine scent did n't help matters.i was having a strange but oh - so - pleasing fantasy of crawling up under his shirt and licking his chest when our drinks were placed in front of us .
i 'd made cage paranoid about the smell of perfume , sex and whiskey that always clung to him after his dates .
when marcus 's clean scent reached my nose i opened my eyes .
the sweet honey suckle scent that clung to her filled the small booth .
pulling will ow into my arms i enjoyed her soft curves and sweet honey scent .
' morning , ' my eyes open and i ' m pinned to the mattress under a heady scent of fresh water and mint .
he gives me a light kiss before peeling himself away from me , and i crawl up the bed , settling on my front and reveling in his scent all over the sheets .
my voice is high and shaky as i spritz myself with my favourite calvin klein scent .
in no time at all , the driver door shuts and jesse 's scent invades my nose .
my arms slide under the pillow and i sink my head into the softness , taking a small comforting inhale of jesse 's scent .
he did n't want to hear that she was still a heartsick fool over seth jackson , a man she barely knew , or that she had n't washed her dress yet from their night together because it still had the faint scent of his cologne clinging to the fabric .
he stared at the distant fields , wishing he were walking along the wide rows between the trees , smelling the sweet scent of rich earth and growing fruit .
on a good night , he could still smell her perfume in the soft fabric .
` ` i ' m tired , '' he said to her , breathing in deeply , savoring the scent of her perfume .
` ` i ' m tired , '' he said to her , breathing in deeply , savoring the scent of her perfume .
here they were , in bed together , with the scent of their sex still in the air , and she could n't think of a single thing to say to him .
the whole of his childhood came back to him then , drifted on the baking - bread smell of the house and the sweet citrusy scent of her shampoo .
no answer came to him on the summer breeze , no scent of red wafted his way .
the scent of roses filled the night air , turned it sweet .
the scent made her smile .
there were roses and sculpted hedges on both sides of him , their scents a cloying sweetness .
the barest remnant of her scent lingered .
the huge loft apartment smelled like booze and body heat and cologne and perfume .
he tongued my cl*t until i was writhing on the bed , sight gone , the only sound my voice , the only scent the musk of my arousal , lost in tactile ecstasy , so close , so close , wavering on the verge , teetering on the brink ... one last touch of his tongue ...
i waited , absorbing the sensations rocketing through me : his cock , hard and huge and throbbing with pent - up pressure , his body beneath me , muscles tense and rock - solid , his hands resting on my hips , my heart beating wildly in my chest like a fleeing rabbit , my nerve endings all afire now , silence except our breathing , the scent of sex thick in the air .
i pressed my cheek to his chest , heard and felt his heart thump - thumping , smel ing the scent of jeff - sweat , cologne , something else indefinable , something that was just jeff , male and comforting - and feeling like i 'd come home .
i felt a presence beside me , smelled jamie 's familiar perfume .
nerves pulsed like fire in my blood as i stripped nak*d , rinsed off in the shower , primped my hair and redid my makeup , spritzed perfume on myself , and then pulled the negligible bits of lace from the bag .
i imagined i was him for a moment , smelling the scent of my soap and the light dusting of perfume , silky skin beneath his lips , flesh firm in his hands .
i imagined i was him for a moment , smelling the scent of my soap and the light dusting of perfume , silky skin beneath his lips , flesh firm in his hands .
at some point the blindfold went around my eyes and i made love to jeff in perfect dark , feeling only his body on mine , smelling the scent of sex and sweat and jeff .
i gingerly lifted niall from jeff 's chest and pressed her tiny sweet sleeping face to my breast , breathing in the clean scent of her hair mingling with the faint essence of jeff .
she did n't make a sound but her scent engulfed him .
the scent of the bubble bath was delicate and soothing .
his scent would linger with her , causing her physical pain , thinking of him for hours on end .
his scent was surrounding her , making her miss his touch .
she could feel the solid muscles beneath her fingertips and his scent was spell - binding .
his scent was invading her and she realized she 'd missed him far more than she should .
jessica finally relaxed and let the scents take her stress and worries away .
he cuddled emily close to him and breathed in her magical scent .
when he finally managed to catch his breath , her scent just about sent him into cardiac arrest .
she may have said he smelled good , but in the small space of his car her scent was driving him insane .
he tried not to breathe in her scent , but could n't avoid it .
after they were finished , which was a long time later , he wrapped her in his arms , and she fell asleep with her head resting on his chest , listening to his heartbeat , and taking in his masculine scent .
he ran his tongue down her throat , licking at her pounding pulse point and inhaling her scent .
she could smell the sweet scent filling the air .
max was humming a song she did n't recognize , and the scents were drifting around them .
she could taste the sweet wine on his lips mixed with his own intoxicating scent .
i love this spot right her , the spot you dab just a hint of your sweet perfume , '' he whispered as he licked the small dent on the side of her neck .
he reached her lower stomach and inhaled her sweet scent , loving the feel of her quivering body .
pete leaned closer and inhaled the scent of her hair .
` ` i love you , daddy , '' she said as she bent down and clung to him , taking in a deep breath of his special dad 's scent .
his scent engulfed her , a slight musk mixed with a hint of driftwood .
the scent of roses drifted to her from the large bouquet on the coffee table - with a box of chocolates next to it .
it was evident that crew insisted on only the best , because the shampoo was amazing and the scent of peaches and mangoes drifted around her as suds enveloped her hair .
nothing but scented candles lit the room ; they cast dancing shadows on the wall and released the sweet scent of jasmine in the air .
her perfume , whatever the scent , was pleasant but not too intoxicatingly so .
her perfume , whatever the scent , was pleasant but not too intoxicatingly so .
immediately the scent of fresh lavender rose up , and then the bubbles trickled forth with the turmoil of the shower water .
closing my eyes , i took in his scent , finding it relaxing .
was it the perfume ?
of course i knew of the perfume , the citrusy smelling one with a hint of vanilla and something else , but i realized now that i knew it from two places .
when she wore it , it must have settled and mixed with her natural scent , giving it a slightly different aroma .
hot , muggy air , pungent with the scents and sounds of the bustling streets of mandalay , blew through the open driver's - side rear window .
he could smell her perfume , a lovely violet scent , but underneath that was the scent of lust , a deeper , earthier smell that called to him and made his body react in response to hers .
he could smell her perfume , a lovely violet scent , but underneath that was the scent of lust , a deeper , earthier smell that called to him and made his body react in response to hers .
he could smell her perfume , a lovely violet scent , but underneath that was the scent of lust , a deeper , earthier smell that called to him and made his body react in response to hers .
` ` your perfume yesterday . ''
damien recognized what the presence was , and in that same instant the wind shifted and he smelled her perfume , a hint of violet .
it was only as she pulled it fully out of the bag that she noticed the scent wafting from it - one with which she was becoming quite familiar .
the man just sat , frozen beside her , as the odious scent of the plant ducky had called stinkweed began to waft out into the room around them .
you will also fetch every ounce of perfume , every flower petal , every anything that smells pleasant and bring it up here as well !
hethe thought she was shrieking something about mixing the scents and not to use all of them , but he was n't sure .
much to his horror , despite his efforts , there was no lovely perfume to the air .
unfortunately , he also had vivid recollections of the scent of her once that fur had been stripped aside , and of puking up his dinner out the window after forcing her into the perfume - laden bath .
unfortunately , he also had vivid recollections of the scent of her once that fur had been stripped aside , and of puking up his dinner out the window after forcing her into the perfume - laden bath .
for a moment , hethe was enchanted ; then he pushed the door closed and started forward - only to be forcefully reminded that she did not wish to be his bride by the familiar and foul perfume wafting across the room .
the great hall 's once - bare tables sported linens , and the floor 's rushes had flowers strewn in them to add a sweet scent to the air .
he inhaled deeply , not bothering to mask his enjoyment of her scent .
she panted as she breathed in his scent .
nice perfume , '' he added before he walked back to get her another ball .
what he knew , without question , was he wanted to touch her , to draw in her scent , to feel her body go tight , go loose .
w hen quinn got home she was glad to find the house full of people , sound , the scents of food .
he could smell the girly shampoo and soap , and the scents wound their way into him until the muscle in his gut tightened in response .
when cal went downstairs , he followed the scent of coffee into the kitchen , and found gage scowling as he slapped a skillet onto the stove .
all thoughts of loneliness and melancholy left him as his guest 's scent drifted up to meet him .
he took a deep breath , breathing in willow 's scent as it clung to his sheets , his pillow .
he cradled his head and tried to block out the faint traces of her scent that even now lingered in the room , teasing him .
` ` and this , '' the emperor continued , ` ` is lazarus , found dead on geary street after an unfortunate encounter with a french tour bus and snatched back from the brink by the mystical curative scent of a slightly used beef jerky . ''
on rare occasions reese smoked a cigar and the scent of rich tobacco and leather was more prominent in this room than anywhere else in the house .
the breeze off the water had the briny scent of sea air .
their scent was so lovely , jacqueline thought they must be antique roses .
by the time reese walked into the house at six o'clock , the kitchen was redolent with the scent of coconut milk , chicken , curry and yogurt .
within five minutes i 'd brushed my hair and dabbed my wrists with a lovely french perfume my dad had given me years ago - the one i saved for my most special occasions .
she breathed in the baby 's pure scent , and in a rush of nostalgia remembered holding paul just this way .
a fog of smoke hung over the room , and courtney recognized the pungent scent of marijuana .
the scents emerging from the kitchen , fresh basil and oregano blended with the enticing aromas of garlic and tomatoes , were her undoing .
she smelled the scent of his aftershave , the same brand he 'd worn when they were married .
the sun 's reflection on the water made it a deep greenish - blue and the wind off puget sound was fresh with the briny scent of the sea .
the scent of warm blueberries filled the kitchen .
the lilacs were pruned and shapely , and their heady scent drifted through the open window .
there was comfort in her garden , in its beautiful colors , its scents ... . tears welled in her eyes and she rested her head against the back of the garden chair and swallowed a wail of grief .
the gladioli were in bloom , too , and the lilies , their scent perfuming the air .
the jukebox played a reba mcentire ballad , and the scent of beer hung in the air .
barefoot and wearing red cotton capris and a sleeveless red - checkered shirt , she watered her garden , trying to focus on the sensual feel of the grass against her feet , the sun on her arms , the heavy scent of the old roses .
as always , she breathed in the scent of fresh - cut wood as she neared the mill , savoring it .
the scent of roses filled the shop .
the sidewalk leading to the entrance was lined with blooming roses ; their scent readily identified them as antique varieties and not hybrids .
colette stepped inside the house and immediately noticed the scents of lemon and polished wood - and roses .
the pungent scent of garlic drifted from the kitchen .
after a few minutes , the rich , tantalizing scent drifted through the small office .
the door opened , and lillie and barbie entered in a cloud of some elegant scent .
the server brought the steaming soup , and anne marie inhaled the gingery scent .
this afternoon the sky was overcast and the scent of rain hung in the air .
` ` chlorine is n't one of your better scents . ''
standing in the doorway i breathed in the sweet scent of day lilies , gladiolas , roses and lavender from susannah 's garden , the f lower shop next door .
the array of colors , as well as the heady perfume drifting in my direction , makes me so glad a good yarn is located where it is .
the windows were f illed with pastries , breads and croissants warm from the oven , and their delectable aroma added to the scents i associate with summer on blossom street .
through my open window i breathed in the distinctive , pungent scent of fresh grass , which brought back immediate memories of childhood summers .
then i buried my face in her shoulder and breathed in the scent of lavender and paint and macy ... . ` ` i ' m sorry i left , '' she whispered .
she wrapped her arms around his neck and savored everything about him -- his strong , solid body , his warm clean scent , the steady beating of his heart .
i grabbed her blouse and bunched it up in the back as i held her against me and breathed in the scent and feel of her .
as she entered the dining room , the scent of fried tortilla chips and spicy salsa triggered a wave of nostalgia .
then i smelled it - a scent i 'd become quite familiar with in the past few days .
he lowered his head and rubbed his cheek against the fullness , breathed in as if he could catch my scent , then shoved my shirt and bra off my arms and latched onto a nipple with a scrape of his teeth and a push of his tongue .
the scent of fresh greenery and damp earth pressed against me like a fog .
the pungent scent of pine was more powerful than usual , after chain saws and dozers had downed a dozen tall , ancient ponderosas , scarring what had been untouched forest .
a scent he suspected was uniquely hers made his nostrils flare , too .
turning away , she breathed in the sharp , cold air with its distinct scent that seemed to light up every receptor in her brain .
the scent of her shampoo , of her , filled his nostrils , overriding the smell of pine and snow .
the taste and scent and feel of her soaked in , giving him the reassurance he 'd so far lacked .
the scent of her hair tantalized him .
he wrapped both arms around her and held her close , breathing in her scent .
he pressed a kiss to the silky hairs over her p**sy and then nuzzled deeper , inhaling her scent as he spread her further to his advances .
the scent of sex , tangy and musky , filtered through her nose .
she sighed and melted against him , savoring the heat and scent of this gorgeous male .
he shifted in the seat again , ignoring the very physical reaction to her presence and the delicate perfume that filled the cabin .
the perfume she wore was musky and dark , utterly sensual and feminine in all aspects , perfect for how she looked tonight .
he closed his eyes as he reached her jaw , breathing her delicate scent in as need made his body tremble .
beneath the smell of the ocean she could still detect his evocative masculine scent , a scent that heated her blood and made forgetting him impossible .
beneath the smell of the ocean she could still detect his evocative masculine scent , a scent that heated her blood and made forgetting him impossible .
jack 's taste was intoxicating , rich and heady , and his scent ... she wanted to drown in it .
her scent , that warm combination of vanilla and exotic spice , intoxicated him .
her flesh was silk under his hands , her scent permeated the air around him , seeping into his very pores , branding him as surely as he would be branding her .
i wanted to bury my nose in it and breathe in the scent .
inhaling her scent had made my senses go on high alert .
i inhaled the warm dark scent that engulfed me as his body crowded mine .
he caught a whiff of her perfume , and it was all he could do not to close his eyes and savor the scent .
he caught a whiff of her perfume , and it was all he could do not to close his eyes and savor the scent .
the food smelled delicious and she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of jack 's peppers and the mixture of salsa and coriander .
she longed for the days when the scent of ink hung in the air and reporters yelled into phones and kept bottles of booze in their bottom drawers .
a soft breeze came off the water , and with it the faint scent of the sea .
she rested her head against his shoulder and breathed in his clean , outdoor scent .
grace carried a small bag from the soap people and as they drew closer mary jo could smell the distinctive scent of lavender .
the scent of fried food made gloria feel queasy but she should be fine ; she had n't thrown up in several weeks .
gloria wrapped the noodles around her fork , savoring the scent of basil and oregano .
the scent of cut evergreens mingled with the soft mist falling , but he barely noticed .
if she spent the night there , she could wrap herself in his blanket , sleep in his clothes , breathe in his scent .
the scent of chili simmering in a crock - pot on the kitchen counter wafted toward him and he breathed in appreciatively .
twice when she returned from work , the inside of the house had the scent of a christmas tree .
a tantalizing scent wafted from the oven .
they continued to stroll through the market , mouths watering at the enticing scent of popping kettle corn carried on the wind .
the scent of cinnamon rolls fresh from the oven made olivia 's mouth water .
she closed her eyes and welcomed the feel of his arms , savored his warmth , his masculine scent .
years ago we bought a house that had a rosemary bush and i loved the scent of it .
vendors sold fresh - cut christmas trees , and corrie breathed deeply , inhaling the pungent scent of pine and fir .
he wanted to close his eyes , breathe in the scent of stale coffee , the sounds of cops at work .
as he 'd predicted , peggy 's cookies were cooling on wire racks and the lingering scent of oatmeal and raisins filled the room .
the fresh briny scent of the water off puget sound drifted toward her as she watched the washington state ferry glide from bremerton toward seattle on its sixty - minute journey .
the scent of her chicken cordon bleu wafted through the kitchen and made his mouth water .
the atmosphere of fun and excitement was as strong as the pervasive scent of perfume .
with the window open , the scent of the cove , of seawater , wafted toward him .
he breathed in the scent of the night and closed his eyes , knowing full well that if he walked into that bar , it would be the end .
closing his eyes , bob breathed in the scent of her hair and the light fragrance of her cologne .
closing her eyes , she breathed in the briny scent of the sea and listened to the muted sounds of late afternoon .
an apple pie cooled on the kitchen counter and the scent of cinnamon permeated the sunlit kitchen .
the lectern - level exit door stood ajar , letting fresh air and the scent of flowers into the hall .
a warm breeze carried the scent of water from lake washington , where the university 's rowing team practiced on the rippled lake surface , the white racing sculls skimming over the blue .
she inhaled deeply and was rewarded with a gift from an orchard of friends , the delicate scent of apples ripening beneath the summer sun .
the wind carried a briny scent on this overcast day , shrouding the pungent smell of smoke .
the scent of fir and ocean mist pervaded the morning air .
she wanted to be in the fresh , clean air , enjoying the scents of spring .
there was still a hint of his wife 's favorite perfume and he breathed it in , deeply , greedily .
and he probably should n't wear competing scents , not that he 'd really notice but women tended to have a better sense of smell .
he carried his shoes , with his socks stuffed inside , and felt conscious of every sensory detail - the cool , firm sand , the brilliant colors of the setting sun , her enticing floral scent .
he held her tight , drawing in several deep breaths as though desperate to take in her scent .
olivia resisted the urge to close her eyes and breathe in the scent of this familiar restaurant .
mary jo brought the fragrant flowers to her nose and breathed in their fresh scent .
their gifts of the gold coin , the perfume and the incense were on the bedside table .
these were the scents she associated with her husband .
twenty - two when troy finished shaving on friday morning , he did something he did n't usually do - he splashed on a citrus - scented aftershave , hoping the scent would last long enough for faith to notice later that evening .
when he ended the kiss , he pressed his chin against her hair and breathed in her perfume , wondering when he 'd see her again .
she and will had wandered all over the city a few nights before , from opium dens to gambling hells to ifrit haunts , a blur of color and scents and light .
they were close enough now that she could see where his hair was damp with sweat at his temples and nape , smell his scent of rosin and burned sugar .
he could smell hay and horse , and cloth and sweat and some of the sweet scent of smoke that still clung to his clothes , from the fire in jem 's room .
he leaned toward her , and she caught the early - morning scent of him : tea and shaving soap- she pulled away hastily , freeing her hand .
the wind lifted tessa 's hair as well , bringing the scent of salt and brine , of the wet things that grow at the edge of the sea , a smell that reminded her of her sea voyage on the main .
his usual scent of smoke and burned sugar was gone .
there was something about the smel of books , the ink - and - paper - and - leather scent , the way dust in a library seemed to behave differently from the dust in any other room - it was golden in the light of the witchlight tapers , settling like pol en across the polished surfaces of the long tables .
when she drew a shuddering breath , her lungs felt fil ed with the scent of him , will and salt and trains and smoke and rain , and she wondered if he had been out , walking the streets of york as he did in london .
he had stopped listening for camil e 's step in the hall , or waiting for her message , but he still preferred this room to others - this room , where her personal touch seemed to cling to the thorned roses on the wal paper , the faint perfume that rose from the draperies .
she could smel the sweet scent of the drug on him , and the tang of his skin underneath .
a sudden sweet dark scent , as of spices , fil ed the room .
they watched as the werewolf lit his cigar with evident relish , and the sweet scent of tobacco fil ed the room .
she wanted to be here with will , cocooned in this moment , inhaling the clean sharp scent of him , feeling the beat of his heart against hers , as steady and strong as the pulse of the ocean .
she heard the echo of his pulse and smelled the scent of him , blood and sweat and soap and magic .
and his body was ful of tessa , the feel and scent of her .
between her heart - shaped face , petite coke - bottle physique , and the smell of her perfume wafting in the air around them , gavin found it hard to catch a decent breath .
gavin 's eyes flicked to her neck as she leaned over to pour the coffee , the sweet scent of her body teasing his nose .
he went to move toward her , talk to her , breathe in her scent , but a modest cough from dillon reluctantly broke his gaze from hers .
the scent of her skin and the feel of her curved body fitting perfectly in his arms sent him to a place he never knew existed .
the scent of freshly baked pastries infused the air .
it was n't that his masculine scent lingered on her senses , burning in her mind and plaguing her every dream .
she slowly brought her arms up around his neck , stared deep into his eyes , and pulled the smooth musky scent of his cologne through her nose .
the smell of her perfume clinging to his skin permeated his pores ... and by god , it was intoxicating him by the minute .
ridding her flesh of caked - on makeup and the scent of gavin from her lips , she splashed warm , soapy water onto her face , once again finding her stomach wretched with guilt .
he swallowed , closed his eyes , and inhaled her scent , the sweet smell of jasmine intoxicating him .
as the scent of sex filled the air and a seductive mixture of love and pheromones raced through every nerve ending in their bodies , gavin picked her up from the desk and carried her into the living room .
smiling , gavin slipped his arms around her waist , holding her close as he willingly reciprocated - soaking her sweetness into his mouth , her scent into his nose , and her touch into his skin .
deciding to forgo a shower - wanting to hold onto the smell of emily 's scent emanating from his pores - it was well past eleven by the time gavin sat down in front of his laptop to get some work done .
as she always did whether it had been one day or months since she 'd last been home , she inhaled deeply and allowed the scent of home and comfort to surround her in its warm embrace .
she 'd bet anything his scent still lingered .
around her , the pines , furs and aspens swayed with the gentle breeze , bringing to her the spicy scent of pine .
he followed his hand with his mouth and inhaled her scent as he pressed his lips to her temple .
her face was buried in his neck , his scent surrounding her , filling her .
she reached eagerly for the mug and blew gently over the surface , inhaling all the while as the rich scent of chocolate filled her nostrils .
the floor was littered with stray peanut hulls and the smell of cedar , and the lingering scent of cooked food hovered in the air .
he nuzzled against her temple , inhaling her sweet scent .
she tilted toward him , inhaling his scent .
immediately the rich scent of chocolate wafted on the breeze , teasing her nostrils with the delicious smell .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the sweet scent he identified as uniquely lily .
the scent of pine was strong and the breeze dried the wetness on her cheeks .
she nestled her face in his neck , inhaling his scent .
he could smell her musky scent on his hand , and he ached to taste her .
it has a lovely , homey feel , and the scent of freshly made coffee makes my mouth water .
i feel the softness of his breathing , smell the hint of wood smoke scent that clings to his t - shirt .
i can smell the pine trees again , and the rich scent of wet earth .
it should be a perfect moment , a memory to take away with me , but when i feel the velvet of his warm skin and breathe in the sweet citrus scent of his hair , all i can think about is how it will feel to say good - bye .
she comes around the desk , her skirt flowing , her silver bracelets tinkling , and enfolds me in a fierce hug that smells of hairspray and tabu perfume .
even amid the hustle and bustle of the crowded room , the mix of so many feminine perfumes , she could pick out his unique scent .
even amid the hustle and bustle of the crowded room , the mix of so many feminine perfumes , she could pick out his unique scent .
his scent drifted enticingly across her nostrils and she couldfeel his heat .
her scent lured him , and he inhaled the delicate , feminine smell that he 'd come to associate with only her .
she squeezed for all she was worth and inhaled his scent .
her bedroom smelled good , too , like a faint perfume ... and like a woman .
the scent of hot sand tinged with tanning oil and lilacs reminded me of carefree summers , back before i cared about damaging uv rays and toxins in the lake .
damp heat brushed my face along with the scent of rotting vegetation and brackish water .
i remembered the voice , the scent of smoke , his breath in my hair , and his arm cradling my breasts .
i caught the scent of herbs , spice , heard the trickle of water somewhere in the distance , and music .
i shifted closer , enjoying the warmth , the scent of his skin , the rhythm of his breathing .
i followed obediently , drunk on the taste of his mouth , the scent of his skin .
as i tore a tiny petal from the fire iris , the now - familiar scent of cinnamon in flames tickled my nose .
the faint fragrance of fresh flowers drifted through the air , mingling with expensive cologne and perfume .
manoke 's eyes were fixed on his , and he felt in memory the touch of lips and tongue and the scent of fresh - sheared copper .
` ` she 's allergic to a lot of those scents . ''
the house was redolent with the scent of cinnamon and other spices .
hadrian turned suddenly , pulled by the unmistakable scent of angeline 's perfume .
hadrian turned suddenly , pulled by the unmistakable scent of angeline 's perfume .
hadrian forced a smile and shook the old man 's hand , allowing the unpleasant smell to destroy his memory of angeline 's perfume and the arousal that had come with it .
he was dizzy from the delicious scent emanating from her .
a shroud or blanket wrapped around him - and the rich scent of damp earth .
the scent of his hair covered with rain .
a cool wind sifted through the trees , bringing with it the scent of winter .
pressing my lips to his forehead , i breathed in the familiar scent of his hair .
nic came up behind me , and i caught the scent of his hair , felt the heat pulsing off him like steam .
i caught the scent of his hair , my arm bumped the bare skin of his back .
his body against mine , his scent filled my nose .
i awoke to a whole new world - a beautiful place , full of color and light and scent .
his lips were soft and warm ; the heated scent of him filled her , called to her , jerked her from satiation to need .
the scent of her perfume hung in the air .
the scent of her perfume hung in the air .
he could n't let anyone see him like this , so he forced himself to walk farther into the room , to look into her bathroom where the vanity was littered with cosmetics and the air was even thicker with her scent , a feminine mixture of perfumed bath gel , scented candles , lotions , and sprays .
` ` god , sweetheart , '' he whispered , abruptly remembering exactly how she tasted , how soft and silky her breasts were , the sweet scent of a woman underlying the expensive perfume she wore .
` ` god , sweetheart , '' he whispered , abruptly remembering exactly how she tasted , how soft and silky her breasts were , the sweet scent of a woman underlying the expensive perfume she wore .
the air was rich with the scents of spring , and at such a perfect temperature that it was neither warm nor chilly , but was almost indecipherable .
the air was cool and fragrant , the scent coming from a bouquet of fresh flowers sitting on a table in front of the small altar .
the scent of the flowers enticed him to take deeper breaths , drawing the cool air deep into his lungs , easing the constriction in his chest .
she knew the scent of his skin , as if she smelled it every day , as if she woke up to see his dark head on the pillow beside her .
her recall of both was detailed down to scents and textures , but what came between those two happenings was sketchy and out of focus .
the scent of the air freshener was the scent she preferred , the soap was the soap she liked .
andie could n't stop touching him , either , astonished at how fast things had changed between them , that she was now free to touch him and kiss him , bury her face against his neck and inhale the wonderful heat and scent of his skin .
his body radiated heat , and he smelled faintly of cologne and a scent i can only describe as clean male sweat .
i breathed in his scent , felt the heat of his skin against mine and his lips on my flesh and his hands on my back and buttocks and in my hair .
the scent of burning leaves and woodsmoke wafted on night wind , reminding him of campfires and countless frigid nights spent on frozen , enemy soil .
with bis eyes shut , the faint scent of strawberry shampoo and sleeping woman filled his nostrils , scattering his thoughts .
he could still smell her skin , but he was pretty sure that he would remember that scent even if he was halfway around the world .
as they hurried up the back steps , he leaned close to her ear , drawing in the fresh strawberry scent of her shampoo .
the shirt smelled like david , clean , with a faint hint of male warmth and some manly deodorant , and she could n't help but bury her head in her arms and breathe in his scent for comfort .
he could smell her scent , feel her warmth .
because the table was so small , her head was close to his and he could smell the faint scent of her shampoo mingling with the woodsmoke that wafted through the cabin .
her head was filled with his masculine scent , driving awareness of everything else out of her mind .
he 'd shaved recently , she noticed , and she could smell the faint scent of soap on his skin .
the wind had picked up over the past couple of days , bringing with it the clean scent of frost .
noelle bent down and he could smell the subtle scent of her skin and feel the warmth of her body near his .
wave after wave of his heat washed over her skin , accompanied by the musky scent of man .
his nostrils flared as if pulling in her scent and his jaw bunched with tension .
without warning , she took him into her mouth , feeling the smooth slide of his flesh against her tongue , the salty taste and scent of his arousal filling her senses .
he remembered that scent ; under the sterile , sickly stench of the hospital , she had smeled the same way .
that scent had haunted him last spring when flowers had started to bloom and he 'd caught a whiff of honeysuckle .
she could smel his skin , a hot , masculine scent , and remembered it from the day he 'd carried her out of the cave into the sunlight .
the honeysuckle scent of her skin wafted between them , and caleb dragged it into his lungs , praying it would calm his frayed nerves .
she stretched and roled over onto a patch of pilow that held a subtle , masculine scent - a scent that brought back the memory of her dream last night .
she stretched and roled over onto a patch of pilow that held a subtle , masculine scent - a scent that brought back the memory of her dream last night .
he could smel her body al warm from her shower , the lotion she 'd smoothed onto her skin , and the subtle , womanly scent that was al her own .
the scent of his skin was with her constantly now , somehow helping to ease some of her tension .
she wore a subtle floral perfume that probably cost more per ounce than gold .
the honeysuckle scent of her skin filed the space between them , and caleb fought the urge to bury his face in her hair and breathe her in .
lana 's laboring lungs puled in the scent of his skin , felt the firm bed of man beneath her , and she felt the liquid flow of desire pooling low in her bely .
his cheeks darkened , and his nostrils flared as if drinking in her scent .
her skin was warm from the sun , making the honeysuckle and woman scent of her rise up to his nose .
it also explained why kara 's perfume had tugged at his memory when they first met .
he 'd smeled her perfume lingering in the air , along with the stench of blood and death .
the faint scent of coffee clung to the wals .
beneath the warm woman scent of her skin was the faint smell of flowers .
she did n't need any additional perfume to entice him .
grant closed his eyes and breathed her in , trying to memorize her scent .
she laid her head on his shoulder and breathed in the warm scent of his skin , ignoring how he stood stiff in her arms like he did n't really want to be here .
the scent of old cooking oil clung to her uniform and hair , making her stomach turn .
his hand found a comfortable resting place on the curve of her hip , and he buried his nose in her hair , breathing in the floral scent of her shampoo .
grant breathed in isabelle 's scent , letting it calm his frayed nerves .
the scent of her arousal filled the air and made his teeth ache with the need to taste her .
isabelle laid her head on grant 's chest and breathed in his clean scent to help calm her worry .
the scent of her hair would be with him until the day he died , haunting his dreams , taunting him with what could have been .
angela inhaled the various forest scents and tried to steady her breathing .
the coppery scent of his blood teased her nose and she hated herself for the light - headedness she experienced .
it was slight but combined with that familiar fresh spring rain scent , he knew it was angela .
before gram has a chance to utter a single word , i pull her to me and bury my face into her puff of gray hair , inhaling the familiar scent of vanilla .
his scent - a mixture of clean linen and sweat - fill my nostrils , makes all of my senses blur .
i breathe in the scent of exhaust and chimney smoke - my grandmother must have started a fire .
smell his mind - altering scent .
once i hit the bottom step , i let the scent of what lucas is smoking guide me .
i ' ve always hated the scent of pot because it reminds me of preston , of the people who used to hang around my mom 's house , and i automatically wrinkle my nose .
he inhales my scent for what seems like forever before gently nudging me into the escalade .
the warm , sleepy scent of her flesh ?
sabin drew a deep breath , his senses automatically reacting to her warm female scent and the softness of her breast against his cheek .
he was already familiar with the scent of her flesh and the tender , startlingly intimate touch of her hands .
the warm , faintly floral scent of her enveloped him as she leaned close , and he instinctively turned his head toward it , his mouth and nose pressing into her shoulder .
sabin lay there , feeling her softness in his arms , the female sweetness of her scent in his nostrils and the remembered taste of her on his tongue .
he had felt her in his hands and gotten used to the particular sweet scent of her even before he 'd known her name .
desperately she clung to him , inhaling deeply to draw the scent of him into her body , her hands trying to memorize the way it felt to touch him .
he looked down at her with a tortured , hungry expression in his eyes , then bent and buried his face between her breasts , his hands squeezing them together around his face as if he wanted to lose himself in the scent and feel of her satiny flesh .
as they 'd done a thousand times before , they walked arm - in - arm down the wide , curving mahogany staircase , crossed the black - and - white marble - floored entry , and headed for the kitchen , where the cinnamony scent of hot apple cider beckoned .
the house smelled like christmas ; fresh - cut evergreen boughs draped the mantel and corkscrewed up the banisters ; the cinnamony scent of newly baked pumpkin pies lingered in the air .
he smelled her perfume , and the sweet , citrusy fragrance of her shampoo .
he could smell her perfume and the sweet scent of her shampoo .
he could smell her perfume and the sweet scent of her shampoo .
when he 'd finally come home , smelling of booze and smoke and other women 's perfume , she 'd always pretended not to notice .
she pulled it toward her , inhaling the long - forgotten scent of dried paint .
gone was his usual scent of bay rum and pipe smoke .
` ` i smelled her perfume once . ''
but when i sat out here , all alone , feelin ' sorry for myself , i smelled your mama 's perfume .
he smelled her perfume , musky and sweet at the same time .
in the darkness , he felt nearer somehow ; she could smell the tangy scent of his aftershave .
sea air caressed her cheeks , filled her nostrils with the scents of drying kelp and baking sand .
it welcomed her with soft lights and sweet scents and safety .
the sweet , cloying scent of almonds filled the tiny bathroom .
the familiar scent and heat immediately reminded him of long ago .
an acre of neatly tended lawn bordered by banks of flowers spilling color and scent lay in front of the truly impressive manor .
pale blue walls , dark blue , overstuffed furniture , cobalt vases stuffed with flowers dripping heavy scent into the air and navy blue drapes at the arched windows .
unfortunately , that only brought him a whiff of her scent , which made his insides tighten into knots .
yet , as he opened his mouth to growl at her to back off , he caught a whiff of the sweet , intoxicating floral scent that was all she ever wore to bed .
the pink roses moved , her sweet floral scent surrounded him , and he could ' ve sworn his world tilted , too .
he leaned closer still - and instantly her sweetly sexy floral scent surrounded him .
he rocked back on his heels and the extra inches of space allowed her respite to breathe again without drowning in his scent .
he was close , so close that she could feel the force of his breath , smell the tangy male scent of him , all intensified by the steam rising from the freshly filled hot tub .
her flesh was soft and supple beneath his fingers , and he savored the subtle , flowery scent that clung behind her ears , released by the sultry , heat of the steam , tempting him to set his lips against the silken skin .
the only signs that avery had been there were the slight indent on the pillow beside him and the lingering scent of her perfume .
the only signs that avery had been there were the slight indent on the pillow beside him and the lingering scent of her perfume .
she inhaled a deep , steadying breath , and his heady male scent filled her senses .
the scent of leather and woodsy aftershave were playing havoc with her equilibrium and it was all she could do to keep from swaying toward him .
as he stroked and teased , her sweet taste , the floral scent of her silky blond hair and the feel of her soft body pressed to his much harder one had him feeling as if his jeans had shrunk at least two sizes in the stride .
the combined scents of pot roast and freshly baked bread made his mouth water and his stomach growl as he followed her down the center hall to the front parlor .
an outdoorsy , woodsy and clean scent mixed with a hint of something spicy and exotic clung to him .
he caught a trace of her flowery scent over the earthy smell of the tunnel and his pulse quickened .
a subtle , but unmistakably familiar scent filled his nose and stopped him in his tracks .
sabrina 's cinnamon , vanilla and flowers scent .
she pressed her cheek to his chest and inhaled deeply , filling her lungs with his masculine scent , then she licked his golden skin and tasted a slight tang of salt .
how dare he romance her and then hours later turn to another woman while her scent still clung to his skin .
his scent clung to the soft cashmere caressing her cheeks .
warm air , carrying the scent of dinner , rushed through the portal to greet them .
the scents of chocolate and cinnamon filled the air .
he buried his face in her neck and her perfume filled his nose as he opened his mouth over the warm , satiny flesh beneath her ear .
each night when he 'd come home from the site the delicious scents of the recipes she 'd been testing had greeted him at the door , and the refrigerator had been filled with tasty and sometimes decadent morsels for him to munch on .
she 'd never before considered that the smell of trees could be sexy , but now the winter forest scent coming from the man in front of her had her knees going weak .
it was as though the scent , her own unique fragrance , had crawled under his skin and taken root .
to that citrus - floral scent ... to the silky blond hair that ran down her back and brushed the swells of her br**sts ... to the sparkle in her blue eyes and the lift of her rosy pink lips when she smiled .
she liked talking to him , and looking at him , and smelling the faint scent of his cologne in a room long after he 'd left it .
like how the winter - fresh scent of his cologne wrapped around her , clinging to her nearly as tightly as his arms wrapped around her waist .
the heat of his skin seeped into hers , warming her like a bonfire , and she took a deep breath to inhale his wonderful scent .
twenty minutes later , she hopped out of the shower and began the ritual of drying and styling her hair , applying a few dabs of her favorite perfume and touching up her makeup to something a bit heavier and more appropriate for evening than work .
her fear and desolation were like a tangible scent in the air .
he tucked her head underneath his chin and savored the sweet scent of her hair .
rio put a plate in front of her and the scent wafted through her nostrils .
he sucked in a deep breath , inhaled her scent and nearly came in his pants right there .
not like the perfume his mom wore .
the scent and heat of his skin intoxicated me , made me feel drunk with lust and longing .
i lowered my head and pressed a kiss to his throat , feeling his pulse leap beneath my lips and inhaling the virile scent of his skin .
he smelled so good and my body responded , trained to associate his scent with the wildest , hottest of pleasures .
the light scent of his cologne , mingled with the scent of his skin , teased my senses and brought back heated memories .
the light scent of his cologne , mingled with the scent of his skin , teased my senses and brought back heated memories .
i breathed him in , feeling my body respond to his scent , instinctively reacting to its mate .
the scent of her arousal filled the small room , and dev rumbled approval deep in his chest .
under the heady scent , she could his smell his aftershave and the earthy smell underneath that was purely deverell .
gripping her hair and pulling her head back , i tried to get lost in her perfume and her body .
i inhaled the scent in her hair and braced both of my hands on the table on each side of her , caging her in .
her scent when she walked by drove him crazy .
he actually caught himself sniffing when she left the room , hoping for a whiff of that enticing scent .
his lips trailed down her neck as he breathed in her famililar scent .
penn stuffed the drink umbrellas inside her pencil case and arriane spritzed the air with some serious vanilla musk perfume .
penn gagged on a floating cloud of perfume , then leaned quickly into luce and whispered , ` ` as soon as you 're back on your feet , we'llfind the book .
she breathed in the flower 's soft , spicy scent .
it smelled the same as ever , as most coastal georgian forests did : an oaky mulch scent that luce used to associate with the shadows , but that she now connected to daniel .
luce breathed in the musky scent , and felt closer to daniel than she had any reason to - and loved that the feeling seemed to come from out of nowhere .
everything had a fiercely briny scent .
the artificial baby - powder old lady scent filled luce 's nose , making her gag .
a strong wind carried the earthy scent of old redwoods down from the woods .
the air was warm and lled with a heady scent of roses .
she smelled the soft mildewy scent rst , almost like black olives , then opened her eyes at the brush of coolness on her cheek .
luce was going to say she could n't possibly eat , but as the scent of the chocolate wafted to her nose , she peeled back the bronze foil and gave shelby a tiny smile .
the house was warm and full of intoxicating thanksgiving scents .
the scents of the animals were everywhere : the horses ' musk , the chickens ' downy sweetness , the dried sweat of the cows ' hides .
after a moment , a familiar scent filled luce 's nose .
a handful of tiny jam - filled donuts dusted with cinnamon and sugar sent up an intoxicating scent .
the church was dark and cool , a cross - shaped structure with low rafters and the heavy scent of incense cloaking the air .
a sickly sweet scent wafted from it and luce 's eyes widened as the fizzy brown liquid , your basic diet soda , began to swirl and change to a bright iridescent silver color .
the pebble path leading to the brown house was overgrown with wild purple freesia and tangled white orchids filling the air with their sweet scent .
she missed her dog , the kitchen where her mom made yeast rolls , and the way , in late summer , her father 's rosebushes grew up around her windowsill , filling her room with their soft scent and the promise of fresh - cut bouquets .
the clean masculine scent was yummy .
it was smooth , and levi smelled heavy there , like perfume and mint .
surrounded by the fragrance of soap and sporty deodorant , the scent of nick , she focused on breathing her way through it .
turning on his side , he brought her in closer to him and breathed in the scent he 'd come to crave .
she drank him in , the scent of soap and cologne that was all nick , the corded muscles pressing against her , the heavy weight of his arousal .
the smell of her perfume mixed with her sweat , stirring his hormones into a wild frenzy and further clouding his thoughts .
` ` i am way too under dressed for this place , '' she said over the music , the scent of vanilla floating from her breath .
she buried her head in his neck and inhaled his scent .
her warm smile and perfume washed over him .
she turned to him and shut the light off , her scent lighting him on fire .
her soft body pressed up against his , her perfume enflaming his senses .
he inhaled deeply through his nose , savoring the ephemeral scent like a fine bottle of wine .
she smiled and stepped inside , dusting him with a potent dose of a flowery smelling perfume that smothered what was left of evy 's scent .
she smiled and stepped inside , dusting him with a potent dose of a flowery smelling perfume that smothered what was left of evy 's scent .
he slid back the glass door , beyond ready to get megan and her pungent perfume out of his condo .
she stopped in front of him , close enough to intoxicate his senses with her perfume .
he licked his lips , nearly smelling her perfume over the phone .
tiki torches cast jumping shadows across their bewildered faces , enriching the night with the potent scent of citronella .
` ` no , listen , '' he said , a knot of need tightening in his gut as her sweet scent stormed his senses .
his scent filled her nostrils as his taste filled her mouth .
he inhaled , savoring her musky scent of arousal .
he closed his eyes , inhaling her sweet scent as he surrounded her with him , with his touch .
he was close - within touching distance - and his heat and scent wrapped around her , warming her from the inside out .
he inhaled deep , capturing her scent and savoring it .
he turned into her , inhaling her sweet scent .
her sweet floral scent had intoxicated him and he found his eyes returning to her again and again .
missed burying her nose in his chest and inhaling his scent .
she could practically smell its honeyed scent in the air .
kate held her tightly , smelling the sweet , powdery scent of her .
after all these years and no doubt countless washings , it still smelled of mrs . m. 's menthol cigarettes and perfume .
she held them tightly , smelling the sweet , familiar baby shampoo scent of their hair .
then mrs . m. did the most amazing thing : she hugged tully , enveloped her once again in an embrace that smelled of jean nate perfume and menthol cigarettes , with just a hint of hairspray to give it spice .
the sweet , strangely old - fashioned scent of marijuana mingled with the tangy sea air .
he parked in the garage and led the way into the house , where the faint scent of illness lingered in the fabric of the drapes and the woolen strands of the carpet .
she sighs and i get a scent of lavender .
the river bubbles and slaps around us , sends up its rich , fecund scent of both new growth and decay .
i fold each one carefully , reverently , breathing in the last , lingering scent of her - lavender and citrus .
i lie back , feeling the grass prickling beneath my bare arms , smelling its sweet , familiar scent .
i get a whiff of the bubble gum she used to love , and the baby soft perfume that she has n't worn in decades .
he is so close i can smell the faintly metallic scent of melting snow on wool , and the aroma of coffee on his breath .
i swore i heard his voice and smelled the scent of oranges .
letting him guide her to where he 'd left the car with an arm securely fastened around her waist , she leaned into him , drowning herself in the scent of his aftershave and realizing that , at least for now , she would get to fall asleep and wake up with that smell and the feel of his warm , luscious body next to hers .
the evening air was sultry , damp in her nostrils but filled with the scent of flowers .
she inhaled sharply , savoring the scent of sex and musk and male sweat .
he wanted to touch her , feel her against his skin , inhale her scent and lose himself in her arms for another night .
she inhaled sharply , savoring his scent , and then she caught his mouth , wrapping her arms around his neck to anchor him firmly against her lips .
he leaned his head forward to press a kiss to the top of her head and left his lips there a long moment as he inhaled her scent .
even the scent of her fabric softener wrapped around her , lending a sense of languid comfort .
he breathed in deeply through his nose as if drawing in some tantalizing perfume .
the scent of campfires still clung to his skin , familiar and reassuring , reminding her of safe , happy times when the whole world was hers to shape to fit her dreams .
his scent made memories of the two of them nak*d and entwined blaze in her mind .
she could smell the earthy scent of his skin , touched with something desperate and wild .
his wild scent filled her head , bringing back a rush of bittersweet memories .
i put my arms around her waist , push my knees into the back of hers and inhale the scent of her hair .
i breathe in tina 's sweet scent and pull on a lock of her hair .
the scent of vanilla and cinnamon fills my nose and i breathe deeply .
i breathe him in , a strong and completely male scent .
i stared ahead , trying not to think about how dimitri 's aftershave filled the car with a clean , sharp scent that made me want to melt .
little scented candles were set up around the dusty old place , candles that filled the air with the scent of lilacs .
the scent of that aftershave , mingled with his sweat , washed over me .
i saw a string of maroon - colored beads , and the scent of roses floated out .
they held vases of pale green , purple - spotted orchids that filled the air with a spicy scent .
a thick scent , both spicy and sweet , hung in the air .
i racked my brain for a scent i 'd once smelled on a girl i knew in my dorm .
and here it was in this perfume , mixed with some florals : lily of the valley and others i could n't identify .
` ` then why are you wearing my perfume ? ''
her scent , a mixture of wildflowers and hot , spicy woman , teased him , drawing him closer and closer to the edge of his resistance .
his musky scent overwhelmed her .
she leaned forward , buried her face in the curve of his neck , inhaling the incredible , masculine scent of him .
her scent teased him with every step and as he laid her gently on the bed , he slid his fingers slowly down the curve of her cheek .
about twenty minutes before she 'd heard the shower turn on and now the scent of coffee was drifting through her closed door .
she rested her cheek on his chest , inhaled the musky , male scent of him and felt a small bit of peace creep into her heart .
he breathed deeply , loving the spicy - sweet scent of her .
her scent was wrapping itself around him - a combination of his shampoo and her own spicy sweetness that was driving him out of his mind .
he 'd never been the possessive type , but something about serena covered in his scent aroused him beyond bearing .
he breathed deeply , inhaled the spicy scent of her .
she was such a mass of contradictions - with her sexy perfume and tailored clothes , her burning eyes and cool , cultured voice .
serena 's spicy perfume tempted him almost beyond bearing as she came back to him , reaching out a hand to grasp his .
he closed his eyes , breathed in the intoxicating scent of her .
she took a deep breath and inhaled the familiar , musky scent of him .
not when his scent was all around her and the heat from his body still lingered on the sheets .
he wore the same cologne damien had worn so many long years before and the scent made her stomach churn sickly .
she said , wrapping her arms around his waist , absorbing his wonderful scent for one of the last times .
he smelled like kevin - the scent of trees and rain and heat so familiar that her tears almost became full - fledged sobbing .
he turned her to face him , burying his head in her throat and soaking up the spicy cinnamon scent of her .
he pulled her into his arms , buried his face in her neck and breathed in her spicy , familiar scent .
she moved like a ballerina or a princess , a subtle air of old money clinging like perfume to her every movement .
the scent of her hair , the feel of her satin skin under his fingertips , the way she closed her eyes tightly just before she came , the sensation of her moving underneath him , with him ...
he placed his face in her hair , inhaling her vanilla scent deeply .
she petted his hair and told him how much she loved him as he buried his nose in the hollow of her throat , inhaling her scent .
in fact , there was no sign of her evening visitor apart from an unlocked window and the scent of gabriel and sex that clung to her body and the bed .
closing his eyes , he swore he could smell her scent or hear her laughter echoing down the hall .
it was a passing fancy , he knew , but he swore he could smell julia 's scent on his pillow and that he could hear the gentle tide of her breathing .
` ` it smells delicious , '' said julia , trying not to ravenously inhale the scent of cooked meat and vegetables that wafted from her plate .
her sudden movement seemed to cause the scent of her hair to waft over to him .
he tried to savor her new , unfamiliar scent but found himself mourning the loss of the old one .
she sobered when she realized that he 'd purchased lavender items rather than vanilla , despite the fact that he preferred vanilla on her to any other scent .
he grinned as he inhaled her scent .
when she moved toward him , he caught a whiff of her scent and closed his eyes , just for a second .
and surrounded by the scent of vanilla .
julia 's eyes were closed as she listened to his voice , inhaling the scent that clung to his skin .
she inhaled its scent deeply to keep herself calm and nodded .
gabriel took a moment to inhale her vanilla scent and licked his lips , but his eyes were far from happy .
they both inhaled deeply , drinking in one another 's scent .
julia hugged the briefcase to her chest , like a shield , and inhaled the lovely leather scent .
she was there , waiting for him , calling to him , her vanilla scent heavy in the small , too warm space .
she smiled , feeling much warmer and very comfortable , blanketed in the warmth and scent that was gabriel .
the quickly drunk beer , the rush of blood to the head , his scent clinging and heavy in her nose from his sweater .
` ` here 's the smell of blood still ; all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand , '' he whispered .
however sad and sordid her imaginings were , they did n't stop her from somewhat pathetically wearing his green cashmere sweater to the library and hugging her arms across her chest , just to embrace herself with his softness and his scent .
she spent about an hour drinking in his scent and his warmth , reveling in their closeness , skimming her hands tentatively over his upper body .
it was n't the scent that she remembered from the orchard .
gabriel inhaled her scent , erotic and inviting , and licked his lips involuntarily .
her tone , her physical proximity to paul , the way she flicked her hair behind her shoulder with one hand ... gabriel was distracted momentarily by the curve of her neck , her delicate skin , the scent of vanilla that either wafted toward him or came to him only in memory .
the taste of peppermint , the scent of aramis , the way his breath consumed her .
gabriel buried his face against her neck , inhaling her scent .
eventually she closed her eyes , breathing in his scent and feeling strangely calmed by the regular rhythm of his heartbeat .
he definitely preferred vanilla to any other scent .
a strong arm tightened its hold on her , and the scent that was gabriel 's filled her head .
gabriel moved closer , and julia shut her eyes as his scent washed over her .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent - aramis and peppermint and blessed gabriel .
she placed her arm around his waist , snuggling into his side and inhaling his scent gleefully .
by the time he returned , the scent of vanilla filled the room , and julia was curled up like a cat on the bed .
julia went into her room and changed into warmer clothes , wrapping herself in the scent that was gabriel and his cozy cashmere sweater , which enveloped her like a lover 's embrace .
` ` i will remember your scent and your touch and how it felt to love you .
gabriel 's scent , a mixture of peppermint and aramis , filled her nostrils .
` ` when i ' m inside the house , sometimes , i swear i hear her voice or smell her perfume .
gabriel rolled her over and ran his nose along her collarbone , inhaling her scent .
underneath her clothes , she knew she wore gabriel 's scent along with the corset he 'd bought for her , which bolstered her confidence considerably .
clutching his pillow , which still retained the scent of aramis mingled with lavender , she found a handwritten note .
the scent of satsuma and sandalwood filled her nose : the scent of their first time together .
he returned to the hotel to find an empty suite , but the scent of orange blossoms filled the air , remnants of her perfume .
he returned to the hotel to find an empty suite , but the scent of orange blossoms filled the air , remnants of her perfume .
he pressed his lips to the inside of her wrist , closing his eyes and inhaling her scent .
she held the bouquet close to her face , inhaling the scent .
she breathed deeply , inhaling his scent .
his presence , his spicy scent that was part cologne and part male , had her senses firing left and right .
sitting on a bench along the sprawling deck outside the main lodge , she inhaled the scent of mountain air and grapes .
the spot next to her was empty , but the scent of woods and something wild lingered on the pillow and twisted sheets .
although he loved the lingering scent of vanilla - of maddie - the last thing he needed to be doing was running around smelling like he 'd just had sex with mitch 's little sister .
and instead of stale cigarette smoke , beer , and body odor , there was a clove - like scent in the air .
their bodies were so close that she caught the scent of spice and soap .
her scent was everywhere and his c*ck twitched .
he leaned over , close enough to catch the scent of her shampoo .
no heavy perfumes , just the soft , musky scent of jasmine .
no heavy perfumes , just the soft , musky scent of jasmine .
she came to his side , and he inhaled her jasmine scent .
the scent that clung to him enveloped her senses .
it was a wonderfully manly scent of sandalwood , citrus , and marcus 's own unique essence .
the heady redolence contained within the vast space was a pleasant and most welcome relief after the smells of smoke and burnt wax , powders and heavy perfumes that had overwhelmed the ballroom .
she waved him off , his proximity and the scent of his skin making it even more difficult to expand her lungs .
she stood frozen , her senses reeling from the taste and scent of him , every nerve firing to life at his bold advance .
her skin felt exquisite , the scent of her arousing .
the grass beneath her feet was trampled by her pacing , releasing the scent of spring into the air , but it did n't soothe him as it normally would .
he smelled gunpowder and her heady vanilla rose scent beneath that .
it was not fair that he could overwhelm her - by touching her , caressing her , seducing her with his low , velvety voice and rich masculine scent .
groaning , he lowered his head , his silky hair drifting across her br**sts filling the air around her with his scent .
she loved feeling his damp skin against hers , his warm scent surrounding her .
she rested her head against his chest for a moment , savoring the smell of him now mixed with her own scent .
he bridged the gap between them , enveloping her in his rich , warm scent .
frozen , he lay aching beneath her , the soft pressure of her curves burning his skin , her vanilla scent intoxicating him .
he returned to his home with her scent on his skin , to lie in the bed she had once occupied and relive the memories of her , nak*d and begging beneath him .
he moved toward her , his heart thundering in a desperate rhythm , drawn to her scent and the need to feel her skin beneath his hands .
he faced the guesthouse and wondered if the door remained unlocked , if elizabeth 's wonderful scent of vanilla and roses still lingered in the foyer .
the tall grass around them flowed like waves of water in the gentle breeze , filling the air with the scent of warm earth and salty sea .
tossing aside the obtrusive hat , he pressed a kiss to her neck and breathed in her scent .
his eyes closed and he breathed in the scent of her sex .
once inside the warmth of the stables he sucked in the scent of sweet hay and horseflesh , such a stark contrast to the salty bite of the air outdoors .
she buried her face against his skin , gasping in his scent , imprinting it all over herself .
reeking of stiff drink and flowery perfume , the earl was disheveled , his wig askew as he stumbled in on his heels .
her heart racing , it took a moment to register the familiar canopy above her bed , and then a moment more before a heady floral scent teased her senses .
his scent of sandalwood and citrus surrounded her , and her n**ples peaked tight and hard , spreading sharp tendrils of desire from her br**sts to her sex .
her scent on his skin , her soft protest behind him , marcus belted his robe and left her room .
physically thrown off balance by his statement , elizabeth reached behind her in an effort to steady herself and instead knocked over several bottles , which crashed to the floor and shattered , filling the room with the cloying scent of flowers and musk .
the feeling of his c*ck stroking in deep inner caresses , the clenching of his hard , muscular buttocks as he propelled himself into her , the scent of his skin , heated and damp with sweat , the sound of his guttural cries of pleasure .
her hand moved to cup his cheek and he nuzzled into her touch , breathing in her scent .
for her part , she shivered at the smell of him , that warm scent of sandalwood and citrus she knew and loved so well .
one after another , impressions bombarded her - a hard chest at her back , a firm arm wrapped beneath her br**sts , a hand at her waist , and the rich scent of bergamot mixed with virile male .
they 'd not only met , but he had touched her , held her in his arms and smel ed the scent of her skin .
his large hand covered hers where it curved around the chair arm , and the rich scent of his skin fil ed her nostrils .
christopher wrapped his much larger body around hers , surrounding her in the rich , spicy scent of his skin .
maria closed her eyes and breathed in his scent , now intensified by his exertions .
the scent of christopher clung to her skin and made her stomach quiver .
immediately he was struck by the scent of her , which permeated the air with its gentle fruit undertones .
breathing deeply , he pulled the scent of maria deep into his nostrils and thumbed the lock , surprised to find himself somewhat hesitant to turn about and face her .
he paused with his lips a breath away from hers , the scent of her skin so strong it made his loins tighten .
she inhaled deeply , absorbing the beloved scent of his skin deep into her lungs .
she inhaled his scent , her breath stil shaky .
his windswept hair and the scent of horseflesh told her that he was returning , rather than leaving .
sometimes , if she closed her eyes , she imagined that she could smel him , that luscious scent of bergamot and virile , lustful male .
the scent of her fil ed his nostrils , more heady than liquor .
` ` there is no ' us , ' '' she whispered , sucking in a fortifying breath only to find her senses inundated with the scents of bergamot soap and starch .
the air was fil ed with the scent of meadow grass and wildflowers , and her skin warmed in the dappled sunlight .
ones with a lush , exotic scent that would set the proper mood .
the scents of sex and maria permeated both the air and the linens beneath him .
she snuggled closer , her nose pressed to his bare chest so she could breathe in the delicious scent of him .
he nuzzled his damp head into her cheek , imprinting her with his scent .
the dazzling array of vibrant fabrics and frothy lace ... the multitude of voices attempting to be heard over an industrious orchestra ... the mingling scents of various perfumes and burnt wax from the massive chandeliers ...
the dazzling array of vibrant fabrics and frothy lace ... the multitude of voices attempting to be heard over an industrious orchestra ... the mingling scents of various perfumes and burnt wax from the massive chandeliers ...
she wanted to experience all the details of him - the sound of his voice , the scent of his cologne , the impact of proximity to his powerful frame .
her skirts brushed against his flowing cape , his cologne mingled with her perfume ; together they were lost in a single moment .
she could still smell the exotic scent of his skin and hear the slight accent to his words that made her insides quiver .
three massive chandeliers hung from the wooden - beamed ceiling above them , and the air was redolent of various appetizing dishes and the perfumes of the many buxom serving wenches .
she licked the lower curve and breathed in the scent of his skin .
as he reached her , he breathed deeply , inhaling the innocent scent of honeysuckle .
he pressed up against her , breathing in the scent of honeysuckle , placing his palms flat to the panels on either side of her head .
as his skin heated , her nostrils filled with his unique scent , increasing her desire .
with every suck , he pushed deeper , groaning with the ecstasy of it , gulping in desperate breaths of air filled with the scents of sex and honeysuckle .
every breath she took was filled with the scent of him , a scent that awakened her body to memories of the passionate night behind them .
every breath she took was filled with the scent of him , a scent that awakened her body to memories of the passionate night behind them .
` ` ware ... '' she cupped his cheek with her hand , and he nuzzled into it , inhaling the sweet scent of honeysuckle that clung to her .
` ` my love , '' he breathed , rubbing his big body against hers , drenching her in the scent of his skin .
the divide separating him from amelia still existed , but the scent of their lovemaking clung to his skin and gave him hope .
the scent of his skin , so alluringly masculine and uniquely colin , urged her to bury her tear - streaked face in his cravat .
with the scent of sex and marguerite still clinging to his skin , he was more aware than usual of how vital her presence was in his life .
the primitive scent was delicious and she fought the insane urge to rise to her tiptoes and press her nose into his throat .
it was a space designed to startle and titillate with its gilded accents and exotic candle scents .
the air was redolent with the scent of exotic candles and filled with the flirtatious laughter of reveling guests .
simon entered behind her , aroused by the exotic scent of her skin , a new fragrance he 'd never smelled on her before .
simon inhaled deeply , searching for the scent of exotic lilies .
after the polluted air in the library , the crisp scent was a welcome relief .
he had hoped to leave corinne marchant behind , but she remained with him - the feel of her in his arms , the sweetly floral scent of her , the sting of her palm against his cheek .
but both rooms were permeated with the soft floral scent that belonged to corinne alone .
as her skin heated with arousal , the scent of some exotic flower intoxicated him and made him drunk with desire .
lynette was soft and warm in his arms , her scent alluring instead of subdued , her passion hot and powerful .
his new proximity brought the scent of his skin to her nostrils , a stirring mixture of leather and horses , musk and tobacco .
her mind became flooded with memories of that scent ... last night in the library ... moments ago against the door ...
the scent of his skin was stronger now , surrounding her , filling her mind with every breath .
the scent of sandalwood and verbena filled her nostrils , warming her blood and causing her skin to tingle .
once they had exited to the garden , simon drew her closer , breathing deeply of the scents of rain - cleansed air and the seductive scent of lynette 's perfume .
once they had exited to the garden , simon drew her closer , breathing deeply of the scents of rain - cleansed air and the seductive scent of lynette 's perfume .
once they had exited to the garden , simon drew her closer , breathing deeply of the scents of rain - cleansed air and the seductive scent of lynette 's perfume .
the cake was flavorful , moist and pungent with the scent of liquor .
she stepped aside and as he passed , the scent of warm pizza made her stomach growl .
the scents in the kitchen were delectable .
the minute they walked into the small room , maryanne was greeted by a wide variety of tantalizing scents .
she could smell the clean scent of the soap he used and hear the music of the rain as it danced against her window .
just the scent alone makes me feel confident and beautiful .
i heard his soft laugh , his warm breath , still carrying the soft scent of good bourbon , washing over me .
i could feel him moving beside me and then the air was filled with the most wonderful scent .
or enjoying the scent of your own perfume . ''
but the scent of us , of our evening together , wrapped around me like jake 's arms .
i could feel the heat from his body , smell that rich scent that belonged only to him .
i closed my eyes , leaning against jake , his solid warmth , his familiar scent in this strange place acting like an anchor for me .
his shirt was warm from the sun , the smell of hay and horse in the barn mixing with his own scent , something spicy , pleasantly sharp over deep warmth .
the warm scent of us rose up , reminding me of yesterday .
my fingers threaded through his hair , holding him against me , breathing in his scent ; smelling faintly of leather and hay , spicy and wild .
i closed my eyes , inhaling his scent , the citrusy smell of our bath still lingering on his skin .
our mingled scents rose from the sheets , warm and sensual .
the last thing i remember before succumbing to sleep was jake 's voice , somewhere close , soothing words washing over me , his warm scent even closer , comforting in the dark .
the warmth of his body , his scent ... that deeply masculine scent that belonged to him and him alone , washed over me .
the warmth of his body , his scent ... that deeply masculine scent that belonged to him and him alone , washed over me .
it was a long time later when i felt the bed move , chase 's scent , leather and hay , and him , washing over me as he crawled beneath the sheets .
he held himself above me , his body warm , his scent filling my nostrils .
i could n't help but reminisce about being near cade in the semi - private hospital room , where i 'd been close enough to feel the heat of his skin and smell of the scent of his musky arousal .
his scent was musky and decidedly male , and i wanted more .
when i walked in the spa , i was greeted by the sounds of new age music mixed in with bird calls and the babble of water , and the scent of lavender that was so strong it slapped me in the face .
i pressed a kiss to her forehead , her sweet scent rushing over me .
within seconds i had rolled on the condom , and once the familiar scent of latex hung in the air , my dick had a mind of its own , nudging against alexa 's belly as if it was seeking entrance .
it smelled of him - a hint of spicy cologne and the rest just his own masculine scent .
the sweet scent of her , her big blue eyes , her mischievous crooked smile .
it smelled like a mix of his subtle cologne and the spicy scent of a man after a hard day 's work .
the sweet scent of her skin and her hazy blue eyes sent a streak of desire straight down my spine .
his musky scent washed over me , and i wanted nothing more than to bury my face in his neck and inhale .
she would stop work tomorrow in time to shower and wash her hair , and she 'd do the whole routine with makeup and perfume , wear her white linen trousers and white silk shirt .
he 'd smelled her the day they 'd first met , the perfume in her hair and on her skin , and the sweetness of her flesh beneath it .
instead she said , ` ` let 's go into dad 's office , '' and led the way down the hall with her perfume drifting behind her to tease him .
he was looming over her , his height and muscularity making her feel as insignificant as always , while the heat and scent of his body overwhelmed her senses , confusing her .
he caught the tantalizing fragrance of some softly bewitching perfume , and his body began to heat .
he had to taste the other one , surround himself with the sweet headiness of her scent and skin .
filling her bathroom with his male scent and presence .
she was surrounded by his strength and warmth , and the subtle male scent of his skin reaffirmed the sense of homecoming , of tightness .
she did n't want to move , did n't want to leave the comforting cocoon of sheets and pillows that carried john 's scent .
it was hard to think when she was lying against him like warm silk , her firm breasts pushing into him and the sweet scent of woman rising to his nostrils .
the hot , earthy scents of sweat , sun , leather and man did n't offend her .
the scents of the human world assaulted him .
the scent of his skin was unique .
it made her dizzy to be held by him , surrounded by his scent and his attention to detail .
the scent of his skin , something exotic and spicy , hit her at the same moment as the smell of tangy citrus .
he wanted to touch her , to stroke her cheek , and to pull her close enough to breathe in the scent of her skin .
as soon as he stepped into the house , the scent of cinnamon , butter , and apples hit him hard enough to bring him up short .
then she was crawling over him , straddling his lap , and every labored inhale he took was filled with her scent .
her nostrils filled with his scent .
there was no other scent in the world like his - spicy and exotic .
hugh 's mouth dried at the sight , his entire body hardening as her scent , a soft mix of flowers , enveloped his senses .
her skin was pale as moonlight , and the scent of her , fresh and flowery , was an arousing counterpoint to the seductive look of her .
he smelled wonderful , an enticing scent of softly warmed cologne and aroused male .
of course , you can always forfeit now and save us both the trouble ... '' he dropped his arms and stepped closer , enveloping her with his scent and potent masculinity .
she circled him , her lush floral scent enveloping his senses .
chapter three the night was warm , the air filled with the scent of honeysuckle , as the sisters walked down their garden path to the carriage that awaited them .
the air was sweet with a faint scent of jasmine as they paused here momentarily .
the scent of him ... dear god , it was heavenly - a musky aroma that blended delightfully well with his cologne .
damn the man and his roguish looks , his corinthian physique , and his masculine scent ... she would have none of it - at least not for now .
fresh quivers ran down his spine as her scent , a soft fragrance of roses in bloom , enveloped him .
inhaling her scent , he slowly reached down - beneath the hems of her dress , her petticoat , and her chemise - to touch her calf .
a soft scent of chamomile wafted over her , so enticing that she buried her nose deeper in his thick locks .
the potent scent wafted toward emily , swathing her in its sweetness as it soothed her senses even further .
` ` i will be here waiting for you , '' he whispered as he kissed her forehead , inhaling the sweet scent of her hair .
the scent was more earthy and masculine .
she buried her face against the side of his neck and inhaled his scent .
in the depths of the night i sighed , felt the mist on my skin , a cool velvet rain bringing with it the scent of the midday sun beating on freshly turned earth and the moon shining across the water at midnight .
the smooth berry taste made my tongue curl in pleasure , while the slight scent of earth and oak wafted across my face .
he stood so close the heat of his body warmed me ; i caught the scent of chill lake water and sunshine .
the scent that wafted up could have peeled paint from a barn .
the scent of popcorn and cotton candy filled the night .
i scored his collarbone with my teeth , flicked his nipple with my tongue , caught the scent of the lake either on his skin or in the air , and licked him , just to see .
but it was n't over quickly ; instead he continued to thrust , face now buried against my neck , his hair cascading over my face , the water and earth scent of him filling my senses even as he filled my body again and again with himself .
her scent was the same , soothing and so much like home .
` ` what candle scent do you enjoy ? ''
` ` i maintain a certain amount for each scent and color , but other than that i find it unnecessary to keep careful inventory of every one .
` ` i appreciate your choice in candle scents . ''
` ` what 's your favorite scent for a candle ? ''
i lift the cotton to my nose , but it smells only of detergent ; the soap had washed away what i knew must be a delicious scent .
the newness of it is delicious , as is the heavy , decadent scent of leather that permeates it .
i soak in her scent and open my mouth so that i can match the rhythm of her breathing .
her scents fills my nose and thoughts of her in various stages of undress and in various positions torment me .
on her porch , she picked her way past the mismatched wood and wicker furniture and went into the house , where the rich , tantalizing scent of french roast coffee mingled with the acrid tinge of wood smoke .
for as long as she lived , the scent of shalimar perfume would remind her of this woman .
for as long as she lived , the scent of shalimar perfume would remind her of this woman .
the house was filled with golden light and the scent of lamb stewing in tomato and spices .
i can tell that betsy picked out the shampoo - love that strawberry scent - and lulu chose the sparkly barrette .
she held her daughter tightly , breathing in the familiar , girly scent of her corkscrewed blond hair , feeling betsy 's sobs .
naturally , the breath he just inhaled was thick with her scent , the smell of sugared lemons and the purest green grass .
she scooted closer to him , allowing her scent to permeate the tight bubble he had around his person .
the silence was a welcome distraction from the perfume he could smell wafting from miss gates .
waves of heat brought on by her exposure to the hot fire billowed toward him in a combined scent of jasmine and burning wood .
focusing on everything around the room except her eyes , her scent , the curve of her body .
inhaling the scent of her hair was not one of his wiser moments , but he could n't seem to help himself as her scent enveloped him .
inhaling the scent of her hair was not one of his wiser moments , but he could n't seem to help himself as her scent enveloped him .
he felt his nostrils flare , as if needing to expand in order to savor more of her scent .
the corners of his mouth melted into a lazy smile as he leaned toward her hair and breathed in its scent .
but once he opened his mouth , her vanilla scent bombarded him nearly sending him to his knees , and once again he was filled with a violent lust that left him wondering what it would feel like to lick her bare skin .
her body screamed for her to give in to his touch , his masculine scent of soap and tobacco , the gleam in his eyes that promised wicked pleasure .
the scent of violets , mingled with oil paint , wafted about her .
his heat radiated toward her , and his scent flooded her nostrils .
the smell of oil paint and chalk and the sweet lingering scent of violets , the fragrance the duchess always wore , greeted him .
her scent worked its way to his brain and drove caution to the winds .
the drumbeat low in her belly had yet to be silenced and she fancied she caught a whiff of muskiness mixing with the scent of violets swirling about her person .
nestled against his chest , she was comforted by his familiar scent , brandy and pipe tobacco with an undertone of hedge clippings .
the scent of freshly baked bread , meaty stew and the yeasty smell of ale brewing in the back rooms greeted artemisia when she pushed through the brass - trimmed double doors into the crowded common room .
surrounded now by his strong arms and sharp male scent , artemisia wished the ride to the ambassador 's townhouse was much longer .
she was surrounded to the point of intoxication by trev 's sandalwood scent and the pounding drum of his heartbeat as he lowered her .
the faint scent of violets still lingered in the air .
damien 's nose twitched at the citrus scent but the liquid went down smooth and cool against his throat .
sometimes he would catch a scent of pine as he dreamt , and reality felt no more real than the dream when he woke and caught the same scent in the air .
sometimes he would catch a scent of pine as he dreamt , and reality felt no more real than the dream when he woke and caught the same scent in the air .
he inhaled deeply , smelling the scents of the room .
it would be better if julia and dee were gone , but he could still pinpoint mara 's unique scents .
the scents !
her heart had slowed , and the scents of the world had coalesced into an image of reality that she could understand .
i could smell the forest - the evergreen scent of pine , the musty aroma of dying leaves , and the tang of summer gone away too soon .
i was drawn to both him and the scent of the smoke .
his hair sifted over my face and i caught the scent of the trees .
i kissed him back , twined my fingers through his hair again , reveled in the taste of his mouth , the sensation of his skin , the scent of him and me together .
lap over other scents .
he pressed his face to my neck , inhaled as if memorizing my scent .
the slightly gamy scent of wild animal washed over me .
though the garment smelled like him , the very scent making me light - headed , i slipped it over my shoulders and buttoned it to my chin .
something about its cool , fresh scent just was n't quite right unless it was mixed with the warmth of his skin .
every now and then a breeze came through , rustling the leaves and releasing the delicate scent of fruit .
the sickly - sweet scent of the flowers clogged his nostrils and brought a burst of nausea .
the cool autumn night wrapped around him , wreathed him in the tangy scents of ripening fruit and dying leaves .
smoke spilled from the chimney , its acrid scent riding on the night air .
he closed his eyes and smiled , inhaling the familiar scent .
then a breeze touched his forehead in almost a caress , and he 'd sworn it carried with it the lavender - sweet scent of his late wife .
its sweaty , masculine scent mingled with the humid fragrance of the steam and curled , thick and heavy , around her .
she closed her eyes and held the shirt close , inhaling the sharp , unfamiliar scent of it .
the air seemed clearer , cooler ; the earthy , fecund scent of the bank filled her nostrils .
the sweet and sour scent of baking sauerbraten filled the warm kitchen .
so close , she could smell the clean , masculine scent of his skin and the just - washed freshness of his clothes .
cold evening air , redolent with the sweet scent of ripe apples , greeted him .
he waited , acutely sensitive , for the scent of lavender and the touch of the wind .
the dry scent of dormant leaves teased her , reminded her of spring , when the thick , twisted brown vine had been leafy green and ripe with pale purple clusters .
he closed his eyes and held his breath , waiting for the scent of lavender and the gentle touch of the breeze .
the acrid scent of lye , softened by masculinity and woodsmoke , hovered between them .
the unexpected scent almost brought mariah to her knees .
its acrid scent filled the tiny porch , and banished the shadows of the night .
the familiar soap - and - water scent of his skin filled her nostrils .
an unfamiliar scent filled his nostrils , teased him to a woozy state of semi - consciousness .
the pungent , eye - watering scent of the alcohol floated to his nostrils .
she smelled of old sweat and cheap perfume , of tawdry back rooms and hasty couplings .
the kitchen was filled with holiday scents - sugar - glazed ham , spiced apple cider , and pecan pie .
his hair is wet and i can smell the scent of soap as he approaches .
he shrugs and his movement stirs his masculine scent .
her dark hair is loose and flowing and the morning breeze carries her scent to me .
i catch a hint of her perfume as she moves and i inhale it .
he brings with him the cool winter air and his clean scent .
her feminine scent fills my nose and i breathe deeply , soaking her in .
i knead at her soft skin , inhaling her scent and warmth , all while the fingers of my other hand never stop moving .
if i close my eyes , i try to pretend that i can smell my mom 's perfume lingering here .
i relax , inhaling the lavender scent as i enjoy the hot water .
i could feel the outline of his fangs against my hand , aware of his presence in every pore of my body , his nearness , the scent of him , the coolness of his skin .
she was an attractive blond with heavy makeup and thick perfume , well past her prime but attempting to hold on to her waning sex appeal .
i took in a deep breath , taking in his scent at the same time that my tongue darted out to taste his lips .
i inhaled deeply , savoring the familiar scent of him that could either sooth or send my senses reeling .
he nuzzled his nose against my hair , breathing in my scent .
i settled back against his chest and rested my head against his neck , inhaling his woodsy scent .
the next he was so close that she was enveloped by his scent .
their sighs caught and mingled in the air heavy with the scent of their loving .
he loved her taste , loved the way her scent filled his nose as his tongue laved over her softness .
she wanted to exist in this dream world where ewan 's arms were securely around her and she could smell his strong masculine scent .
a young woman with a shaven head and tight leather leggings strolled past him , her perfume making a sharp and momentary exclamation in the air .
sophie could smell the scent of her arousal and it made her own crotch throb painfully .
she wanted to inhale the rich manly scent of him .
the scent of his cologne and a richer , muskier scent filled her nostrils and she sighed contentedly .
the scent of his cologne and a richer , muskier scent filled her nostrils and she sighed contentedly .
even the scent of the vanilla and cinnamon potpourri she 'd loved lingered .
he inhaled , letting her familiar gucci envy me perfume wash over him .
and then she noticed the spicy , garlicky , tomatoey scent in the air .
she sniffed again and smelled the yeasty scent of dough .
he relished her scent , her taste , the softness of her skin against his lips and tongue .
her scent filled him with the anticipation of driving her over the edge , of hearing her cries and feeling her contract around him .
and yet here she was , with her limbs entangled in her husband 's and his scent clinging to her skin .
her scent filled his lungs and the lace abraded his tongue .
she took a deepbreathto tryto clearthe effecthe hadonher senses , but it just made thingsworse as she inhaled the scent of him .
i did not recognize him at first , but he did me.hesaid it wasmy perfume that gave meaway . ''
he opened the van 's door for her , and she stepped close enough for him to catch the blended scents of cigarette smoke and something spicy like sandalwood or jasmine .
clay breathed in the scent of the pine needles that the storm had ripped from their moorings .
she took a deep breath , filled with the unique aroma of the deep south - the tangy scent of copper , overlaid with pine and a hint of something sweet , like jasmine .
she hopped down from the seat , filling his personal space with her heavy perfume .
he cupped the back of her head , the texture of her hair silky against his palm , as he drew in a deep breath , filling his head with her spicy scent .
she inhaled him then : the scent of sweat and laundry detergent and secondhand cigarette smoke from the bar .
she sucked in a deep breath , filled with the scents of the autumn afternoon and clay rhodes .
sarah breathed in the scent of leather upholstery and corporate money .
he pulled her close enough to get his nose down into that glorious crown of red hair and smell her earthy scent .
she was overwhelmed with his citrus scent , and the rounded contours of his thighs , and other bits of his equipment pressed up against the cleft in her bottom .
sarah closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the pines and something else .
the air hung heavy and damp , laden with the scent of copper .
he stood there leaning into the car , her warm curvy body so close , her scent messing with his mind .
a neatly trimmed boxwood hedge perfumed the air with its tangy scent .
she inhaled the scents of powdered sugar and frying oil like an addict .
she sucked in the warm summer air , filled with the coppery scent of black water .
her scent made him dizzy .
momma gathered caroline into her warm embrace , filled with the scent of the lavender body lotion she always wore .
the commingled scents of funnel cake and corn dogs filled the air .
instead , she gave haley a little hug and breathed in her little - girl scent .
his heart was still pounding , and the musky scent of sex filled his head .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scents of lemon oil , beeswax , and memory .
` ` what kinda perfume you got on ? ''
the baroness woolham , otherwise known as rocky rhodes debracy , enveloped savannah in a ferocious hug and a cloud of expensive - smelling perfume .
a blast of air - conditioning , heavy with that impersonal motel scent , hit them like a slap across the face .
she ignored him and sank her head onto his chest , his unique male scent filling her head .
the roses ' scent filled the air , but there was a hint of decay mixed in with that sweetness .
the hair , the face , his closeness to me , his scent ...
adrian wore a cologne that always made me heady , but the natural scent of dimitri 's warm skin was intoxicating too .
racks of drying herbs hung near the fireplace , filling the room with a spicy scent that mingled with the smell of burnt wood .
through the doorway , scents of what seemed like a normal breakfast drifted in : bacon , eggs ...
the smell of these books and the perfume you wear .
judging from the scent wreathing adrian , lissa had a feeling he actually had been out for a cigarette .
as for me , i was very aware of our proximity and felt intoxicated by his body and scent .
his hair was still damp from the shower , and the clean scent of soap and wet skin surrounded us .
sure enough , my boyfriend entered , wreathed in his now usual scent of smoke and liquor .
candles flickered on a small table against the far wall and filled the room with the scent of jasmine .
` ` dominic ... '' she started , but forgot what she was saying when he breathed in the scent of her hair as if it were something he 'd waited all day to do .
this place is beautiful ... '' dominic wrapped his arms around her waist from behind and breathed in the scent of his lover 's hair , sighing with contentment .
close enough that she could smell the light scent of his aftershave .
triumphantly , she 'd brushed by him , touching him only with her fresh scent .
normally he would have said that he had little preference regarding female perfumes , but that evening he 'd discovered the lack of one to be strikingly attractive , sending his thoughts in wild directions - some that had included how the waxed lane would feel beneath their bare skin .
the subtle scent of his cologne teased and tempted .
she breathed in the slight scent of the man holding her and closed her eyes again .
there is a piece of me that rejoices each time i smell the familiar scent of peach blossoms .
her bed had been the same way for more than ten years - absolutely quiet , all hers without dispute and lightly scented by her preferred perfume - a jasmine oil .
he leaned in until their lips almost touched and breathed in the scent of her .
the light scent of her perfume when she leaned in to adjust his tie .
the light scent of her perfume when she leaned in to adjust his tie .
he rubbed his chin in her hair and breathed in the scent of her shampoo , marveling that he 'd never smelled anything so wonderful .
like her , he did n't wear artificial scents .
she breathed in his scent and closed her eyes .
he lost himself in the pleasure of her taste , her scent , the curve of her breast beneath his hand .
he held her closer and breathed in her perfume .
i 'd been doing algebra equations in my head all evening to keep my mind from dwelling on the warmth of pagan 's body , the honeysuckle scent in her hair , and the fact her hand was just above the waist of my jeans .
eau de hamster hit me as i stepped inside pet world , as well as the unmistakable scent of peanut butter .
i breathed in the heavenly scent of him .
he took a deep breath as she walked by - florals , a hint of basil , and the sweet scent of woman .
the idea had n't started out as a ploy , but now that he was here , breathing in the delicious scent of her perfume , he enjoyed the heat of her against his skin where his arms met hers .
the idea had n't started out as a ploy , but now that he was here , breathing in the delicious scent of her perfume , he enjoyed the heat of her against his skin where his arms met hers .
she swept through the doorway , the scent of her wafting in and surrounding him .
she closed her eyes and breathed deeply , inhaling the scent of the sage , letting go , while her anchor held her steady .
but the scent of lavender house seemed to linger in the air between them - a smell of wine and leather , and the sharp , deep musk of masculine desire .
awareness floated warm in the air between them , heady as the scents of cinnamon and wine .
the hot tea in grey 's cup warmed his fingers through the china , fragrant steam in his nostrils mingling with the scents of fried kippers , hot bread , and marmalade .
the scent of smoke cut through the air , acrid and heartening with its promise of heat .
he had no notion what dunsany might mean , but gently patted the old man 's back , breathing in the dusty scent of his coat , the slight sourness of unwashed skin .
olivia had had the church decorated simply with evergreen boughs , done up in ribbons of gold tissue , and the scent of pine and cedar lent a welcome freshness to the at mosphere of ancient wax and bodies kept too long enclosed .
there was so little room at the foot of the stairs that the enormous swell of it brushed against him , and the air was filled with the smell of sweat and something sweetly animal , completely overpowering the feeble scents of powder and eau de toilette .
nearly three - quarters of a mile up the side of one of scotland 's crags , the wind brought him the scent of smoke .
the smell of brandy rose sweet and stinging in his nose , a counterpoint to the clean , bitter scent of the flowers .
still , the gamekeeper and his son walked nearby , keeping an eye on gustav , who trotted stolidly along , long nose lifted to the scents of the evening air , and so such talk as there was dealt with small , impersonal matters .
gustav began to quiver with excitement as the wind changed , bearing a scent so pungently pronounced that even grey 's feeble nose perceived it .
despite the aura of suppressed tension , the atmosphere in the house was welcoming , the air filled with the scent of fried potatoes and roast pork , warm with smoke and conviviality .
` ` speak of shaving , me lord ... '' tom 's deft hands set by the hairbrush , and reached for the pot of shaving soap , the badger - bristle brush stirring up the foam with a scent of lavender .
a strong chilly draft with a scent of snow stirred the somnolence , and two or three of the horses shifted , grunting and whickering .
he could imagine that he smelled her hair in the scent of fresh hay .
grey picked up the little stack of papers and shuffled them neatly into order , smelling in memory the scent of that attic room in gareon , near quebec .
pine boards , hot with a stifling turpentine perfume .
but william stood stock still , mouth a little open , watching in fascination as the huge head came close to him , soft lips nibbling at the grain , and with the oddest sense of dislocation , jamie suddenly felt himself on the floor of a stable , hearing the deep slobbering crunch of a horse 's chewing just beside him , seeing the huge , glassy hooves , smelling hay and oats and the wonderful pungent scent of the horse 's warm hide .
the woman 's voice was breathless , and he heard the clink of glass , smelled the hot scent of brandy .
it had grown dark outside , and the smell of oncoming rain came in through the half - open window , mingling with the musky sweet scent of the tobacco .
the rain turned briefly to hail , tiny balls of ice bouncing off his head and shoulders , and a covey of orange - girls scuttled past him , squealing in a mix of consternation and exhilaration , leaving a delicious scent of chilled oranges in their wake .
as he followed stephan from the coach , he caught the scent of von namtzen 's cologne , something faint and spicy - cloves , he thought , and was absurdly reminded of christmas , and oranges studded thick with cloves , the smell festive in the house .
there was a low hum about the place , of conversation and service ; he could hear the clinking of pots and spoons and crockery from a distant kitchen , and the scent of roasting meat perfumed the air .
the door closed almost silently , and he was on the verge of diving out of bed , ready to throw himself at the intruder 's legs , but he smelled perfume and stopped short , completely bewildered , tangled between thoughts of prison , jared 's house in paris , inn rooms , claire 's bed ... but claire had never worn a scent like that .
the door closed almost silently , and he was on the verge of diving out of bed , ready to throw himself at the intruder 's legs , but he smelled perfume and stopped short , completely bewildered , tangled between thoughts of prison , jared 's house in paris , inn rooms , claire 's bed ... but claire had never worn a scent like that .
it was near twilight , but the place glowed like a king 's treasure , reds and pinks and whites and yellows glimmering in an emerald jungle in the dusk , and the air flooded in upon him , moist and caressing , filled with the scents of flowers and leaves , herbs and vegetables .
true , the roof leaked and there was a lingering scent of the building 's former inhabitants , but it was substantially drier than the open air , and there was enough dung and a few damp peats to scrape together for a meager fire .
the fine spring day washed in on a tide of sweet scent - all of these overpowered when the abbot opened the box .
they stopped briefly for father michael to fetch his stola , then walked out across the sheep field and into a small apple orchard , thick with scent and the humming of bees .
the scent of onions had subsided to a pleasant odor that conjured thoughts of supper .
it was nearly evening ; his room was growing dark , and he could smell the luscious scents of tea preparing downstairs : fried sardines , fresh buttered crumpets , lemon sponge , cucumber sandwiches , sliced ham .
they were tinted pink or blue and smelled of perfume .
the night air was soft , full of the scent of tree sap and chimney smoke and the distant reeks of the city .
but now he felt the perfection of the tiny bones of william 's spine through his clothes , smooth as marbles under his fingers , smelled the scent of him , rich with the incense of innocence and the faint tang of shit and clean linen .
a strong chilly draft with a scent of snow stirred the somnolence , and two or three of the horses shifted below , grunting and whickering .
what red - blooded male would pass on the chance to bring those amazing curves close , to sample the soft press of that body and sweet scent of her skin ?
when she was close enough for the scent of her perfume to tease his nostrils , she stopped and set her hands on her hips .
when she was close enough for the scent of her perfume to tease his nostrils , she stopped and set her hands on her hips .
she could n't ignore that subtle yet intoxicating masculine scent , the ease with which his large tanned hands gripped the leather of the wheel .
she adored choosing flowers for their perfume and color .
above them curious monkeys crouched on branches , a menagerie of birdlife hooted and cooed , heady combinations of floral scents filled the air and taryn wanted to sigh .
the salty scent drifting in from the pacific was nothing short of drugging .
giving in to the tide , he breathed in her intoxicating scent then brushed his lips over a pulse that beat erratically at the side of her throat .
her scent , mixed with that flavor , was wonderfully earthy yet intoxicatingly sweet .
after he 'd slipped the dress off over her head , she tipped forward and , breathing in his musky scent , let her fingers roam over his pecs then higher to skim his powerful shoulders .
she 'd missed the intimate feel of him , his scent , the thrill .
her perfume teasing his nostrils and testing his resistance in a work setting , she tapped a picture on the sheet .
shielding her eyes from the sun , she inhaled the scent drifting in on a gentle saltwater breeze .
looking into that brilliant , hazel gaze framed by long , dark lashes , i was hit with a thousand different emotions i 'd convinced myself i 'd only imagined - the way he looked straight into the very center of me , the clean masculine scent of his skin that i was powerless against , the way his fingers twitched to reach out for me .
deep , exotic perfumes mingling with the aroma of leather filled my nose and i stifled a sneeze .
i opened the lid and the most delicious scent wafted out , reminding my stomach that i 'd skipped breakfast in lieu of taking the time to dress in something presentable and straighten my hair .
i could see his chest expanding with his slow , certain breaths and smell the masculine scent of his skin .
he dipped his head to inhale the scent of my neck , sending a rush of pleasure tingling down my body .
seeing him up close and personal was so intimate ; i nuzzled my nose and mouth against his flesh , breathing in his scent .
` ` emmy , come here ... '' ben pulled me down onto the bed with him and nuzzled into my neck , breathing in the scent of my hair .
he bent to kiss my cheek , and the intoxicating scent of his cologne washed over me .
i wanted to hug him , collapse against his chest , bury my face into his scent , and forget about everything else .
the deep purple irises on tall , vibrant , green stems had a light , floral scent that reminded me of home .
ben 's large form loomed just behind me , and i felt the heat radiate from his skin , felt him breathe my scent against the back of my neck .
i loved his scent , the weight of him on top of me .
his masculine scent still clung to the fabric , and each night i 'd buried my face in the cotton and inhaled deeply .
when the scent finally wore off , i worried that it was somehow a sign of things falling apart between us .
his light male scent clung to the space , and the interior exuded his sexy , confident charm .
but best of all , it smelled like the crisp , masculine scent of his cologne .
but the scent of his skin and the way that he touched me was almost enough to make me forget any and all rules .
curling up in his bed , breathing in his scent , feeling warm and secure in his arms sounded fabulous .
his delicious , masculine scent filled my lungs and relaxed me .
she had been startled by the heated strength of his hands and the subtle muskiness of his scent .
soon it would begin to turn bronze , and the lush scents of the heavy greenery would grow stronger .
her sweet , warm scent wafted up to him .
the scent of her skin was fresh and elusively , lightly fragrant , teasing him far more than if she had dabbed herself with perfume , no matter how expensive .
she inhaled the clean , musky scent of his maleness , a faint odor of soap , the fresh smell of rain on his clothes and skin .
the rain of the day before had made everything seem even more green and lush , the scents more intense , but it had n't done anything to ease the heat .
the scent of the river filled her head and lungs , and a quiet exultation spread through her .
he had rocked madelyn 's two boys when they were infants and played with them as toddlers , but they had n't been quite as soft as the baby girl in his arms , and her scent was indefinably sweeter .
why did he have to cradle allison so tenderly and close his eyes with delight at her sweet baby scent ?
for now he was caught in the enchantment of her slow smile , in the luminous sheen of her skin , in her warm , female scent that no perfume could match .
for now he was caught in the enchantment of her slow smile , in the luminous sheen of her skin , in her warm , female scent that no perfume could match .
his breath brushed her hair ; the clean scent of his skin teased her nostrils .
several times she shifted uncomfortably , putting more distance between them , but he was inexorable ; he would move closer , so that she could feel the heat of his body , smell the faint , spicy scent of his cologne and the muskiness of his skin .
the scent of his skin , warm and musky , aroused her .
they had the ruddiness of people who had been out in the sun and wind all day , and brought with them the coconut scent of sunscreen lotion .
the calendar said that fall was a month away , but the scent of it was in the air , crisp and fresh , without the redolent perfumes of summer .
the calendar said that fall was a month away , but the scent of it was in the air , crisp and fresh , without the redolent perfumes of summer .
she smelled a hint of tobacco and starched linen , and another delicious scent that could only be the man himself .
he teased her with licks of his tongue before suckling the taut peak into his mouth , intoxicated by the scent and taste of her skin .
with his warmth and scent surrounding her , she quickly fell asleep .
if she closed her eyes , she could recall his richly masculine scent and the gentleness of his touch deep inside her .
removing his hand , he replaced it with his lips , his wonderful scent overpowered by brandy , which filled her nostrils and flavored his kisses .
as his palm cupped her cheek , julienne closed her eyes and breathed in the familiar scent of his skin .
mouth , and your scent clings to my nostrils . ''
as she stepped closer , her scent enveloped him , and his entire body hardened , as it always did around her .
he wanted to take her to his home , to make love to her in his bed , to wake up with the scent of her on his skin and her hair spread across his chest .
he was warm and strong , his scent musky , and she wanted to press herself closer .
he trotted closer , his scooped nostrils flaring as he examined their familiar scents , searching for the special one he could detect .
the scent of him enveloped her , and she shivered in response .
she shivered a little at the unexpected pleasure of it , so surrounded by his warmth and scent .
he smelled delicious ; she had never noticed any other man smelling the way joe did , and it was n't just the fresh scent of soap lingering on his skin .
it was a hot , musky scent , subtle and powerful , making her want to bury her nose against him and drink it in .
he lingered over her , drunk with the scent of her warm , aroused body , the silkiness of her skin .
the delicious scent of coffee brought her drifting in from the bedroom .
they brought with them the earthy scents of the outdoors , horse and hay and clear fresh air mingled with their own male sweat ` ` you two look guilty , '' joe observed .
it had the new car scent all over .
his cologne had quickly become my favorite scent in the whole world .
already the fragrant scent filled my nose every time i took an appreciative sniff .
especial y when they were dancing so close now that she was inhaling his scent , and finding it surprisingly heady , a spicy male aroma that made her want to inhale again .
no bitter almond scent .
the life scent electrifies our nostrils , abrupt and intense .
i point towards the crooked , collapsed skyscraper that 's emitting the aroma , like a cartoon tendril of scent beckoning come ... ' eat , ' i insist .
her signature scent peeks out of the noise , calling out like a voice underwater .
it feels like the vacated office of a bankrupt company , empty echoing rooms and the lingering scent of desperation .
the fresh , clean scent of flowers and soap teasing his nostrils .
the first touch of his lips over hers , the boyish scent of cologne rising to her nostrils , the gentle bite of his fingers on her h*ps as he held her .
until her sweet taste swamped his senses , and the maddening scents of vanilla and spice made him want to howl at the moon .
the citrusy scents of wood and fruit rose to her nostrils .
clouds of shalimar and obsession blended with the heavy scent of cigar smoke .
the clean scent of soap and lemon rose from his skin .
some guy dressed in black spouted into a microphone about the correlation between flowers and death , and the scent of cafe mochas rose to his nostrils .
i wait for the end and for the beginning , i wait for the bright , clean light to bring me back ; to the world of glittering colors and of perfumed scents that attack my nostrils ; to the world of sharp tongues , snaking out to shred soft smiles .
the expensive scent of chanel drifted in the air .
when she walked in , the house practically expanded with the scent of garlic and herbs and tomatoes .
her breath came in ragged gasps , her perfume swamped his senses .
hard to do when her thighs ached and the scent of sex clung to the sheets .
his male scent rose to her nostrils like a mate seeking her own .
the musky scent of sex and coffee mixed and rose to her nostrils .
her scent lingered in the air .
the familiar sights and scents of milan rushed past her .
beautifully clad women in designer suits and high - heeled shoes weaved in and out amidst the crowd with elegant grace , and sidewalk cafe tables spilled onto the sidewalk with the scents of espresso and baked goods .
` ` how beautiful , '' mama conte crooned , inhaling the scent of roses and lilies .
the scents of gravy , steamed garlic , and lemon hung heavily in the air and wrapped them in warmth .
the texture of his lips , the scent of his skin , and the promise of his mouth , open and hungry on hers .
his scent swarmed her nostrils , and he dragged the chair a few inches forward .
god , she still remembered the scent of his overpowering cologne and the fake smile on his lips .
the scent of rich coconut and mocha drifted from her skin .
he smelled of a mix of rich scents that made her dizzy : coffee beans , spice , and musk .
her center throbbed and begged for more , but he seemed content to breathe her scent in and take tiny nibbles over the expanse of one thigh , then the other .
the delicious scent of coconut and musk and sex hit his nostrils .
the roar of power tools filled the air , and the scent of wood , oil , and paint rose in his nostrils .
the pulse beat madly at the base of her throat , and her scent rose to his nostrils .
the scent of garlic , onion , and escarole filled the air .
the delicious scent of musk and spice surrounded her .
she hugged her mother tight , taking strength from the firm arms around her , and breathed in the comforting scent of home .
she caught his scent of musk and spice and lemon on the wind .
he still smelled her unique scent of mocha and coconut that made his mouth salivate for a candy bar .
julietta pressed her lips to soft baby locks and breathed in their clean scent like a drug .
julietta breathed in his scent , her hands wrapping around his while she clung to what he could give her .
the sweet scent of musk and spice drifted in the air along with another , fainter smell .
drunk on his scent and his touch , she clung to him , afraid she was in a dream and she 'd wake up .
tucked toward the back of the property , the scents of crackling burnt wood and sweet crocus filled her nostrils , and she prayed the firelight would n't reveal her location .
as he moved toward her , he walked with an easy grace a tall man usually did n't pull off , and the enticing scent of his cologne teased her senses .
the clean scent of cucumber rose to his nostrils , somehow more intoxicating than fake perfumes .
the clean scent of cucumber rose to his nostrils , somehow more intoxicating than fake perfumes .
her scent wrapped around him and made him want to run in circles like a dog trying to catch his tail .
the rough stubble scraped against her fingers , and the delicious scent of male heat and sweat and musk rose to her nostrils .
max breathed in the scents of grease and sugar , grabbed a homemade lemonade , and headed toward their tent .
a trickle of dark liquid poured into the cup , and the scent of rich roasted beans hit his nostrils .
the scent of clean female skin and fresh cucumber teased his nostrils .
the scent of fresh rain , coconut and female swarmed his senses .
his earthy , musky scent , the rough stubble scraping across the tender peak of her breast , the silky thrust of his tongue as he claimed her mouth , the flavorful sting of cognac .
the musky scent of his aftershave hit her .
his fingers left her aching and empty , and the scent of her arousal clung to the air .
his nose twitched as the clean scent of cucumber and melon rose in the air .
his delicious scent of aftershave , lemon , and clean soap swarmed her , more heady than any designer cologne on the market .
the scent of woods and musk wrapped her in sensuality .
champagne chilled in delicate flutes and bouquets of flowers filled the room with exotic scents .
the earthy sexiness of half - naked bodies , perfume , and sweat filled the air , and something deep inside her shook free and released .
he followed sawyer to his private table , where the scent of carina still lingered in the air .
he kissed her deep and the rich scent of coconut from her body cream rose to his nostrils .
fat bubbles cloaked her in a gorgeous lavender scent .
she fought the impulse to lean in and drag in a breath of his scent - a mixture of soap , coffee , and a hint of musk .
she took a deep breath and the heavenly rich scent made her moan .
max pulled her in his arms and she leaned into his chest , breathing in his familiar scent .
when she 'd come so naturally into his arms , her scent wrapped around him and he 'd been drugged .
the scent of her clung to his skin .
the familiar scent of baking and powder and comfort swarmed around her and soothed her soul .
his musky scent rose to her nostrils and made her stir again .
she caught the scent of rich coffee , clean soap , and a hint of christian dior cologne .
the scent of vanilla hung in the air .
her scent was a mix of earthy undertones of sandalwood and amber , sneaking into a man 's nostrils and promising him a trip to heaven on earth .
he caught the musky scent of sandalwood in the air and shifted in his seat .
his senses swam with the familiar sights and scents of his home .
the delicious scents of musk and man beckoned her to steal a sample .
the sweet scent drifted on the warm breeze and tickled her nostrils .
the scents of sweet basil and savory garlic hung in the air .
the sensual scent of amber and sandalwood swarmed him and wrecked his concentration .
he breathed in the exotic scent of coconut from her hair and savored the moment .
her musky scent rose to his nostrils and taunted him , and with one quick movement , his hand dove beneath the waistband of her pants .
his heart hammered and her scent swarmed around him .
his delicious spicy scent surrounded her , and his body heat burned through his clothes and reached out to entangle her .
maggie gave a deep sigh as the delicious scent of sandalwood calmed her senses .
maggie grabbed the half - filled glass and breathed in the scent of lemony citrus and tangy oak .
the intoxicating scent of musk and soap filled her nostrils .
she leaned her head against the mattress and breathed in robert 's sweet scent , closing her eyes just for a moment .
she took a deep , relaxed breath , as if she liked his scent , then opened her mouth and ran her tongue down the side of his jaw as if dying for a quick taste .
the scent of olive and lemon wafted in the warm breeze , and she breathed deep , trying desperately to calm her racing heart .
the scent of sandalwood overtook him , and she met each thrust with an open abandon that fired his blood .
the familiar scent and sight of his mother 's room wrapped around him , reminding him of his youth .
a warm breeze flew through the rooms from the open windows , and the scents of lilac and citrus flooded her senses .
her panties followed , until she was half nak*d , and the scent of her arousal drifted to his nostrils .
her musky scent swarmed his senses and he encountered gorgeous wet heat when his mouth finally hit the sweet spot .
nick buried his face in her hair , the sweet scent of strawberry drifting in his nose , the strong heat of her body pressed against his .
even now with you so close , inhaling your delicious scent , has got me rock hard .
as he scooted it forward , he breathed in the scent of candy canes and woman .
she forced herself to ignore the breadth of his chest , the dark hair sprinkled over it , and the intoxicating scent of his skin .
tucker was already up , and the sound of a crackling fire and the scent of evergreen and coffee brewing filled her with memories of waking up as a child on christmas morning .
he struggled to breathe normally , and when he finally dragged in some air , he got a whiff of the peppermint - soap scent clinging to her .
the scents of coffee , hot cocoa , gingerbread and wood smoke hung in the air .
silas set his bag aside , noting the faint scent of oranges and yeast , and started toward what was actually the key selling point to any beachfront property - the back porch .
between the crash of the surf and the scent of his mother 's homemade danishes rising over the kitchen , it was a little piece of heaven - one that he 'd been particularly looking forward to .
the scent of fried chicken drifted to him and he inhaled deeply , dragging a little bit of her scent in with it as well .
the scent of fried chicken drifted to him and he inhaled deeply , dragging a little bit of her scent in with it as well .
the scent of oranges and yeast and icing instantly enveloped him and he grinned .
i can almost feel you beside me as i write this letter , and i can smell the scent of wildflowers that always reminds me of you .
when he got close to her , he smelled the scent of perfume , something she had n't worn before .
when he got close to her , he smelled the scent of perfume , something she had n't worn before .
he shrugged , again noticing her perfume .
her eyes slid shut , and she nestled closer to him , inhaling the distinctly male scent of his strong body .
the scent was vaguely comforting .
she arched , trying to turn her body into that warmth and scent , but he forced her flat again .
the taste and scent of her lingered in his mind , and his body still felt the silk of her skin beneath his .
the thunder moved closer , cracking loudly , and the air carried the scent of rain .
` ` no , '' she said , rubbing her face into the hollow of his throat , seeking his warm , heady male scent .
the hand left her mouth , and jane turned in his arms , burying her face against his neck , breathing in the delicious , familiar male scent of him .
he had smelled her lush scent and heard the barely there beat of her heart , and he 'd known she was one of his kind .
the warmth of her body , the sultry scent of her arousal , the sweetness of her blood , all combined to make restraint impossible .
he felt drunk on her , intoxicated by her taste and scent .
standing this close to him she could finally smell his delicious scent buried under the overwhelming smell of herself .
she closed her eyes and without even trying , she could smell him , the scent of his skin infinitely alluring .
his head lowered and he licked along her throat while taking a deep breath of her scent .
as a slight breeze blew sable 's luscious scent to him , his c*ck swelled with an unwanted erection .
she breathed him in , absorbing the luscious scent that drove her to distraction and hoped with all her heart that they could make a relationship work .
scented candles were everywhere , permeating the air with a sultry scent .
breathing her lush scent deep into his lungs , he cupped the cheeks of her ass and ground his erection in the cleft between .
his scent was so wonderful , like sex and vampire .
he paused long enough to savor her scent .
were the gardenias a coincidence or had he actually noticed her perfume ?
his scent , a blend of tangy lime and something totally masculine filled her nostrils .
he caressed her back , her buttocks , savoring the smooth texture of her skin , the scent of her filling his lungs and the taste of her on his tongue .
stacy 's scent filled his nostrils and her legs drew his gaze .
moonlight seeped around the cascading water to dimly illuminate her surroundings , and a gentle breeze wafted in , carrying the scent of flowers .
he leaned closer , inhaling her unique scent and aligning his h*ps with hers .
he inhaled her scent and his control wavered .
the scent of coconuts filled her nostrils as he massaged her with long , slow strokes across her shoulders and down her spine .
her flowers and lemon scent filled his nostrils and her warmth seeped deep inside him .
her reflection in his dark lenses looked back at her , and his cedar and sage scent teased her nose .
his masculine scent filled her nostrils , his taste made her crave more .
dominic flung the papers on the table and closed the gap between them in three long strides , stopping so close she could smell his unique scent , feel the heat radiating from his body and see each individual blade of morning beard on his jaw and upper lip .
she should n't be kissing him , should n't be savoring the hint of coffee on his tongue or the scent of his cologne .
his fingers inched higher and his masculine scent filled her lungs with each shaky breath .
but her scent filled his lungs with every breath .
his leather - and - lime scent invaded her lungs and his warmth invaded her body .
he was n't about to tell her the dizziness had passed - not when he had her close enough to smell the flowery scent of her hair and feel the warm softness of her breast against his arm .
he deliberately crowded her , savoring her gasp , her flowery scent and the brush of her body against his .
his leather - and - lime scent surrounded her , and his breath stirred her hair .
he stepped closer , close enough to catch a hint of her perfume on the cool night air .
turning her head slightly , she buried her nose in his soft hair to inhale his scent .
a solid whiff of sandalwood emanated from his fine clothes , along with his own masculine scent .
the scent of gin wafted about him .
he paused to suck in a deep breath of tangy salt air and sighed his appreciation for the clear , clean scent of it .
as nonchalantly as possible rush followed her into the bedroom , ignoring the soft scent of jasmine .
the sausage was frying up nicely and the faint scent of fennel and sage wafted through the kitchen .
inhaling the faint flower scent of lindy 's perfume , he released a groan that came from deep within his chest .
inhaling the faint flower scent of lindy 's perfume , he released a groan that came from deep within his chest .
the cloying scents of cheap perfume and cigarette smoke clung to him like the stench of an infection .
rush did n't realize the scent of her sickeningly sweet perfume had stayed with him until he saw lindy 's look of complete disgust .
rush did n't realize the scent of her sickeningly sweet perfume had stayed with him until he saw lindy 's look of complete disgust .
his heart felt as if it would burst as he pulled her closer , breathing in the perfumed scent that was hers alone .
the fresh , clean scent of him filled her and her head rolled to one side .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the fresh scent of jasmine and perfume that was lindy 's alone , knowing full well that within a few hours he would be walking away from her .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the fresh scent of jasmine and perfume that was lindy 's alone , knowing full well that within a few hours he would be walking away from her .
it had been torture to be this close to the ocean , to smell the clean tangy scent of it and be prohibited from doing anything more than gaze at the blue waters .
he caught her and pulled her into his embrace , burying his face in her soft hair , breathing in her delicate scent .
roses and some other scent he could n't define wrapped gently around him .
a spicy , tangy scent wafted through the dining area as carol and steve read the plastic - coated menu .
the wind was brisk , carrying with it the scent of salt and sea .
wrapping his arms around her , he closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of lavender and musk that was hers alone .
he braced his forehead against hers and breathed in the warm scent of her .
she dragged in a deep breath , savoring the scent of warm musk that was uniquely his .
anytime he was within ten feet of her it was all he could do not to haul her into his arms and breathe in the fresh , womanly scent that was hers alone .
his features were relaxed in slumber , and the musky scent of their lovemaking lingered .
the fresh scent of the sea , carried on the warm wind off elliott bay , mingled with the aroma of fried fish and simmering pots of clam chowder .
the scent of warm bread mingled with garlic and freshly fried oysters .
closing his eyes , he could almost smell the sweet scent of wildflowers that was hers alone .
he opened his eyes and breathed in the fresh , clean scent of her .
being careful of the baby , riley wrapped her in his arms and buried his face in the curve of her neck , breathing in deeply as if the scent of her were the only thing in the world that would revive him .
he could hear the bathwater running and did n't think much of it until the delicate scent of spring lavender wafted toward him .
as she sliced it , the scent of the tomato sauce and cheese and oregano wafted toward her .
not of flowers or perfume , but a distinct womanly scent .
he savored having her close , enjoyed her scent and the way she felt .
the orchids wafted a lovely scent , reminding her of adam and their shared kisses .
after all her years in a beauty parlor with the perfumes and lotions women liked , she 'd forgotten the pleasurable scent of a crisp aftershave .
after all her years in a beauty parlor with the perfumes and lotions women liked , she 'd forgotten the pleasurable scent of a crisp aftershave .
matt could smell her perfume mixed with the salty breeze that had been blowing through her hair .
the slurping sound made him think of sex , and the strong scent of coconuts made him think of sex .
this time as annabelle climbed the steps to the cockpit , matt smelled her perfume and got hard .
harry could n't believe how distracting the scent of chocolate and cookie dough was .
she was close enough to catch the scent of his aftershave , and she realized that scent had been part of her recent fantasies about him .
she 'd decided one cup of coffee would at least show that she appreciated the effort rona was making , and the scent of freshly ground beans tantalized her .
but his decision was being put to the test by the unrelenting temptation of breathing in her scent , listening to her voice , feeling her touch , watching her every move .
she liked the crisp scent of a man 's shaving cream and the deep sound of male laughter .
but by breathing deeply through his nose , he picked up the scent of lainie 's perfume .
but by breathing deeply through his nose , he picked up the scent of lainie 's perfume .
he could smell something flowery - it could be perfume , deodorant , powder , or ally 's own skin .
he caught the soft cotton bra , which came over to him on a wave of delicate flowery scent that made his blood pound .
taking off the cap to sniff , she 'd immediately recognized the familiar mint scent she associated with flynn .
plus there was the faint dimple in her left cheek and the scent of her favorite perfume , some designer fragrance that reminded him of hot tropical nights .
plus there was the faint dimple in her left cheek and the scent of her favorite perfume , some designer fragrance that reminded him of hot tropical nights .
following the trail of zoe 's perfume down the hallway and watching the sway of her hips , he wondered if he should beg off on the script read - through altogether .
she appreciated everything about the moment - flynn 's careful but firm touch , the freshly washed scent of his handkerchief , and the cozy feeling of being cared for .
aqua velva was suddenly her favorite scent in the world .
her perfume set off reactions where he did n't even know he had reactions .
under that scent lay something more subtle , the musty aroma of all the dry needles carpeting the forest floor .
that scent brought back a memory of last night 's episode with flynn , and more than her nose started to tingle .
as flynn leaned over her , his blood up because he imagined he 'd caught luanne hitchhiking , zoe was enveloped in the heat rolling off him , which brought out the scent of his aqua velva coupled with a nice male aroma .
if he kept his focus on the dialogue , he might make it through without an incident , although she did have that spicy scent going on .
with her hand over her eyes , her other senses tuned in , making her conscious of his breathing and the minty scent of his aftershave .
judging from the musky scent of male arousal , he was as excited about this prospect as she was .
eve 's bathroom smelled of her perfume and shampoo , which sent charlie 's libido into operational mode once again .
once they got out to the garage , charlie helped eve mount the engine on the workbench , all the while aware of her scent , her warm body moving around , her breathing , which seemed to become quicker whenever they accidentally touched .
rhinestone chandelier earrings , a touch of perfume at her throat , and she was done .
the crisp air laced with the scent of leather and fine machinery was an aphrodisiac .
the scent made his groin stir , but the reaction went deeper than that .
then he 'd give up on that option as unworkable , punch the pillow a few times , a pillow that smelled like her perfume , and finally go back to sleep .
lex felt the need to make conversation to diffuse the effect of gillian 's perfume on his libido .
the scent of fried tortillas hung in the air , and a couple of chickens ran squawking across in front of gillian as she walked briskly toward the cantina .
keeping her gaze fixed on nancy , gillian backed through the tiny kitchen filled with the scent of onions , garlic , and hot oil .
william leaned closer to amanda , bringing the scent of his old spice with him .
a copy of the wall street journal tucked under her arm , amanda walked into starbucks and inhaled the scent of roasted coffee beans and sugary baked goods .
he breathed in her scent , a gentle floral fragrance , and was immediately transported back to the moment when he 'd kissed her .
the scent of her hair curled through his nose , and the warmth from her body beckoned to him .
her scent still filled his nostrils .
a mixture of wood , smoke , and his own natural scent .
but i ' ve missed the feel of you next to me and your warmth and scent on my skin .
she laid out the plain soaps that had no scent and made sure she had clean bathing cloths .
he could feel her warmth even across the empty space between them , and her scent whispered intoxicatingly through his nostrils .
she burrowed trustingly into his embrace and he inhaled her scent , letting it linger in his nostrils as she cuddled against him .
he grew bolder , lapping gently , absorbing her scent and her taste .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent .
blaire walked into the house and i clenched my hands into fists as her familiar sweet scent followed her .
mia 's face was so close lexi could smell the beer on her breath and the floral scent of her shampoo .
the heady scent of roses captured her , made her stand there a moment longer than she 'd intended .
it took concentration just to breathe with the cloying scent of all these flowers .
bringing it to her face , she pressed the soft wool to her nose , inhaling mia 's scent .
not bothering to shower or brush her teeth , she made her way out of the bedroom , drawn forward by the scent of starbucks coffee .
she clung to grace , crying against the child 's soft , plump cheek , smelling the sweet baby shampoo scent of her hair , remembering ... ` ` i tole her i wanted to st - stay with daddy , '' grace said sobbing .
the smoky , roasted scent of it filled the house , drew miles stumbling into the kitchen with his hand outstretched , mumbling , ` ` coffee . ''
even now it smelled of brine , of timelessness , of the primordial scent of life itself .
in the warming air , paul caught a trace of the perfume she was wearing , and he shifted in his chair .
he could feel the warmth of her body , smell the faintest trace of perfume .
as soon as she stepped inside , she was greeted by a rush of warm air and the smell - it was n't even one identifiable scent .
he buried his face against her neck and inhaled her feminine scent .
his mouth hovered precariously close , and he inhaled her scent just as he kissed the opening .
she turned from the glare , reached for sam 's pillow and hugged it to her , inhaling his scent .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his comforting scent .
justin trailed a path of kisses down to that magnificent swell , feeling himself grow even longer , thicker inside the confines of his breeches , as he tasted her br**sts with his lips and tongue and breathed in her intoxicating , heady perfume .
he almost recoiled from the overabundance of perfume given off by the multitude of flowers in the room , vases and vases of them , it seemed , on every available surface .
rachel st just smiled warmly as she seemed to glide across the hallway to where ellie stood , the older woman hugging her briefly before then holding her at arm 's length , her perfume light and floral - and hopefully masking the musky smell of eleanor 's own clothing !
just smelling the light fragrance of her perfume when she walked by him was enough to make him hard as a rock .
as he collapsed onto it , her scent wrapped around him and he felt the first bit of peace that he 'd felt since he 'd held her in his arms earlier after they had made love .
the scent of his aftershave filled the car 's interior .
musk and man and something with spice , an expensive scent that was far too sophisticated for a guy who was one parking spot ahead of her in the food chain at bournham industries .
the v between her br**sts pinkened , her lungs filled with the scent of his skin , as if eager to inhale his dust , the lines between his eyes , the light freckles on his cheeks , the intelligence in his irises .
he could n't help himself , though , as he took a deep breath inhaling her scent - a mixture of freshly laundered sheets and something spicy , a cinnamon perhaps - he was n't sure , but whatever it was , it was intoxicating .
he crouched down to nearly her level , his scent preceding him , a rush of citrus and musk and spicy soap .
` ` oh , please , '' she said in a clipped , no - nonsense voice , though as he leaned closer to her , from the other side of the desk , she caught a whiff of his scent again , a spicy soap and a musk that made her swallow , hard .
the programmer who used to fret over a misplaced comma now found himself noticing all sorts of specifics , from the weird scent in his office to the nonsensical supply ordering system that his procurement office had where , in order to have a corporate account to buy supplies , you had to go to the procurement website , download a form , print it , sign it , have your supervisor sign it , and then fax or scan or email it and send it back to procurement for them to open an online account for you .
more , more , more his body screamed , and with swift hands he slid his palms around her waist , the faint scent of vanilla triggering something primal in him as her hand reached into his unbuttoned pants and began to stroke him .
he let a much - needed grin cover his face , his fingers branded with her scent .
the scent of rancid beer and old , sticky drinks , of sweat , of nineteen kinds of cologne and forty - seven perfumes all swirling together with contraband cigarette and pot smoke made him nostalgic and a little sick .
inhaling , she took in his scent , her mind forgetting why she was in his arms .
needing this moment to last forever , he inhaled her scent , that sweet vanilla tinged with her musk , imprinting in his nose , his mind , his heart .
a deep , cleansing breath did n't help , the air redolent with her scent .
as they entered the apartment , all he could think was that he needed to bury himself in her , in her scent , in the touch of her soft skin , their bodies melting together so that he could drive the thrumming fear and pain out of him .
pressing his lips on her cheekbone , he lingered , inhaling her scent .
it is mint , she thought as caleb embraced her , crushing the herbs between them , the scent of broken leaves and of released aromas tickling her nose and making her mouth water with anticipation of the culinary delights that would come tonight .
as caleb released her and turned to krysta to give her a polite hug , she watched her friend close her eyes and breathe in not the scent of the herbs but the scent of caleb .
as caleb released her and turned to krysta to give her a polite hug , she watched her friend close her eyes and breathe in not the scent of the herbs but the scent of caleb .
he smelled like coffee and faded cotton and an exotic soap scent she could n't name , the combination imprinting in her .
she would forever associate this scent with him , like a fingerprint in her system , triggering a palpable sense of jeremy , and only jeremy .
lurlene leaned down in a cloud of rose - scented perfume .
the little - girl scent enveloped him , made him remember giving her bubble baths ... ...
mommy did n't seem to move , but all at once , she was beside izzy , so close that izzy could smell her perfume .
sometimes , she smelled a whiff of perfume , or the vanilla - rich scent of baking sugar cookies , or heard the tail end of a beatles song on the radio , and she would stand in the middle of her living room , a woman full grown , and cry like a little girl .
sometimes , she smelled a whiff of perfume , or the vanilla - rich scent of baking sugar cookies , or heard the tail end of a beatles song on the radio , and she would stand in the middle of her living room , a woman full grown , and cry like a little girl .
a steady stream of gray white smoke issued from the mill 's distant stack , leaving behind the acrid , pulpy scent of wood .
in the early hours of the morning , annie woke to the scent of baby shampoo and the feel of a small , warm body tucked against hers .
and the perfume she liked to wear ?
she felt her mother 's touch , a breeze on her forehead , brushing the hair away , a kiss that smelled of mist and rain and her mommy 's favorite perfume .
he was afraid suddenly that she would pull away now , draw out of his arms and scurry back to her father 's house , and that he 'd be left with nothing but her lingering scent and the cold chill of her absence along his side .
nick felt as if he were melting into the hot , rumpled sheets that smelled of her perfume and their spent passion .
her innate grace and the subtle feminine scent he inhaled as he drew closer sent blood rushing to his c*ck unexpectedly .
an intriguing musky lily scent wafted from her pale , smooth skin .
the incredible slab of male occupied most of the mattress , but she did n't let that deter her from curling against him and inhaling his scent .
as her heady scent filled his nostrils , he nearly staggered back .
her intoxicating scent breathed more life into his already painful erection .
he worshipped her body , getting lost in her softness , her heady feminine scent .
standing over raine , her tempting scent filled him again .
the floral scent of her hair melded with the spicy aroma of her cunt into an intoxicating mix that fueled his demand even more .
a fire burned brightly in the hearth , warming the cavernous room , while the yeasty scent of fresh - baked bread made his stomach growl .
closing his eyes , he breathed in the remnants of her scent .
lowering his head to the pillow again , he caught a whiff of her waning scent .
her scent filled him , made his mouth water , and a stunning visual of her swirled in his head .
hammer mumbled under his breath as the scent of raine 's essence assaulted his senses .
everything about zalia - her face , her soft body , her silky skin and musky , sweet scent drove him wild .
she inhaled the pungent scent of surgical soap and something else , something that was ineffably him .
she looked at the blooming apple orchard , breathed in the scent of pink and white blossoms perfuming the air .
the scent of yeast and spice filled the kitchen , and it was like stepping back in time .
he nuzzled her neck and breathed in deeply , as though to inhale her scent .
the minute i walked into the house , i smelled this heavenly scent of basil and garlic .
valerie had lent steffie her pearl necklace and earrings , and norah had contributed a splash of her most expensive perfume .
his lips were warm , but the scent of bitter ash and damp earth clung to him - as it did to her - and she shivered a little , drawing back .
the sounds of a fiddle came to them , thin and sweet through the dark , borne on the wind with the scent of roasting meat .
she tried to compose her mind for sleep , but without the distractions of company , and with the scent of burning timber strong in the air , memory stole back , and her normal prayers of blessing became pleas for mercy and protection .
he lifted his hands then and turned toward me , taking me into his arms , and we stood wrapped close , listening to each other 's breathing , the bitter smell of the brewing tea seeping through the homely scents of linen , dust , and sun - warmed flesh .
he thought it was well past moonrise , but there was no moon to be seen ; the sky glowed thick with cloud , and the scent of rain was live on the wind .
the smoke of them reached roger 's nose , the scent warm and homelike , but nonetheless adding to the burn in his throat .
he closed his eyes and breathed deep , inhaling the whisky 's perfume through his pores .
the scent of fresh hay was everywhere - and so was the hay ; there were shimmering mounds of it in every shed , everyone carried bits of it on their clothes , and small trails of scattered straw lay everywhere .
now the smell of cut , dry hay was mingled with the delectable scent of the barbecue that had been simmering underground overnight , the fresh bread , and the heady tang of mrs . bug 's cider .
enticing scents of rising dough , fresh - baked bread , oatcakes , and cinnamon rolls wafted through the air from it .
and when i fell asleep again to the scent of woodsmoke and the musk of jamie 's skin , would feel a faint , surprised regret .
she looked at the distilling apparatus on my counter in fascination , the alcohol bath bubbling gently away in its great glass bubble over a low flame and the oil of vitriol - later to be known as sulfuric acid - slicking its slow way down the slanted tubing , its malign hot scent lurking below the usual surgery smells of roots and herbs .
i could smell honey , blood , herbs , and the faintly metallic scent of fresh - severed flesh - but no sweet whiff of pus .
a faint scent of ether floated in the dark air of the hallway as i made my way back toward the stairs .
27 the malting - floor i could smell the sweet , musty scent of damp grain on the wind as i made my way up the trail .
no more than twenty - four hours must pass after germination began , and i had smelled the fecund damp scent of the grain begin to rise as i foraged in the woods the afternoon before .
beneath the gentle veil of the tree 's perfume , i tasted blood , and sodden rags , and the stink of my own weary skin .
his head bent lower , and lower still , and he found himself at last with his forehead pressed into her lap , breathing in the close scent of her .
jamie poked up the fire and light sprang up , wavering in bright swaths over the wooden walls , the scents of smoke and hot resin helping to fill the sense of emptiness in the room .
she vanished into the depths of sleep , and he yearned after her , wishing her healed , fearing her flight , and bent his head , burying his face in her hair and her scent .
i swallowed the taste of dust , pine needles , and blood , and breathed the comforting fresh scent of buttermilk .
i drank , eyes closed , trying to lose myself momentarily in the clean , pungent scent and the searing taste of it .
it smelled comfortingly of butter and cinnamon and fresh applesauce , and the scent of it calmed my nausea .
i heard ian and the two cherokee come into line behind us , and within moments , we were out of sight of brownsville , though the scent of beer and chimney smoke lingered in my nostrils .
i filled the dropping bottle , averting my face from the sweet , thick scent that drifted from the liquid , and put a small twist of cotton in the spout , to keep the ether from evaporating and gassing us all - or catching fire .
leaving them with refreshment , i escaped to my surgery and spent a pleasant quarter of an hour alone with the herbs , decanting infusions and separating a heap of rosemary to dry , surrounded by pungent scent and the peacefulness of plants .
it had been raining for several days , and the morning broke cloudy and damp , every leaf dripping and the air thick with the scents of resin and soggy leaf mulch .
he breathed , soft smoke and a copper tang of seasoned bodies , and could have wept , swept with sudden longing for the cold , sharp air of the highlands , pungent with the scents of peat and gorse .
it was disconcerting : a reek of char , overlaid with something bitter and chalky - and that in turn overlaid with a sort of pungent scent that reminded her of medicine .
the air around me was suffused with the scent of roses , and i heard the creak of the dress cage as louis 's weight pressed upon it , and heard his sigh of pleasure .
not the cloying scent of rose oil - fresh roses .
it was the three - year - old stuff , from the sherry casks , and i felt a qualm as the scent of it reached me , remembering the night we had got drunk together after he had rescued me from hodgepile and his men .
there was no one there , though the presence of scattered punch cups and the strong scent of pipe tobacco indicated that jocasta had likely been holding court there earlier .
i could taste blood in my mouth , and the stink of unwashed men drowned the scent of flowers from the terrace .
something substantial ; there was a glow in the sky , visible over the roofs of the nearby houses , and the sharp scent of burning wood suddenly overlaid the thicker smell of hot tar .
the smell of smoke grew stronger , mixed with an odd musty sort of scent that seemed vaguely familiar .
a sweet , pungently fermented scent , like rotted apples .
i could smell myself , a strange metallic scent , like hot copper .
i lifted the mug - goosefoot tea - closing my eyes as i inhaled the faint , bitter perfume , and feeling the tight muscles of my neck and shoulders relax in anticipation .
standing bear clutched it in ecstasy , running awed fingers up and down the gleaming barrel , bringing them to his nose to sniff the intoxicating perfume of oil and powder , then beckoning his friends to come and smell it , too .
the scent of the pine trees strengthened , their sap warmed from the day , and in the distance she heard the occasional gunshot warning slap of a beaver 's tail on the pond - evidently the beavers had posted sentries , in case she or rollo should sneak back after dark , she thought wryly .
the shadow of the cliff fell across the creek and the air was cold with the scents of earth and pine trees .
the strong smell of the onions overlaid the scent of butchery , pleasantly domestic .
then roger rubbed the herbs slowly between his palms , showering the dusty , greenish crumbs into the barrel , their pungent scent mingling with the smell of the blood , as jamie spoke the words slowly , in an ancient tongue come down from the days of the norsemen .
the scent of boiling sausages filled the cold air , warm and comforting .
she stood still , eyes closed , and i could tell that she was inhaling deeply , breathing in the smell of the pictures - the smell of oils and charcoal , gesso , paper , canvas , linseed and turpentine , a full - bodied ghost that floated out of its wicker casket , transparently vivid against the background scents of straw and dust , wood and wicker .
the sweet mellow ghost of the sherry mingled with the faint scent of char and the hot , raw reek of the new whisky were together enough to make my head spin pleasantly .
` ` and then ... '' and then she had quite lost track of what was happening , save that whenever she drifted to the surface of the fever , the boys were still there , talking to her and each other , the murmur of their voices a small anchor to reality and their hands never leaving her , stroking and smoothing and the sharp smell of gallberries cutting through the woodsmoke from the hearth and the scent of beeswax from the candle .
mr . wemyss made a small choking noise , and the smell of seared flesh mixed with the scent of rain .
a heavy spring storm was washing down outside , and the air was cold and damp , thick with the green scents of the forest insinuating themselves through the crevices of door and window .
i 'd seen the flush of fever in his face when he came near , and smelled the faint sweet scent of pus .
we lay pressed flat for a few moments , and i became aware of the uncomfortably spiky plant squashed under my cheek , the scent of its leaves harsh and bitter in my nose .
i lay still that night , breathing the damp , thick air with its scents of mold and urine .
i could smell sadie ferguson next to me , too : a faint miasma of stale sweat , overlaid with a strong perfume of gin .
then the succulent sizzle and scent of eggs frying in butter reached him , and he was up and moving toward the back , like iron drawn by a magnet .
i took a deep breath , and noticed the aromatic scent of the tea , mixed with the shore 's morning breath - the smell of tide flats and piney scrub .
she took a deep breath to quell the shock , and nearly gagged on the stale scent of sex that wafted from the sheets under her knees .
she was plump and plain - faced , brown - haired , and clean by local standards , though the scent of her sweat and waves of freshly applied cheap cologne wafted across the cabin , making brianna want to throw up again .
the air in the cabin was hot and thick with the scent of sex , and brianna felt her stomach clench .
she opened one of these , breathing in the soft perfume of the leaves and finding it wonderfully soothing to her internal distress .
his skin itched with salt , and the scent of the tidal forest , with its peculiar mix of aromatic pine and distant seaweed , the crunch of shell and needle beneath his feet , brought back to him in vivid detail the day he had killed lillington .
there it was ; above the rain , he heard the soft grunt of someone pushing at the door , and the rumble as it slid open , admitting a breath of cold rain to mingle with the warmer scents of hay and manure .
there was a cafe on the right , from which the scent of fresh scones , stale toast , and coffee drifted to mingle with the fresh , rainy air .
she was attired in jeans and a frilly apron , and the scent of lemon polish and fresh baking wafted from its folds like incense .
he gazed thoughtfully into his glass , gently swirling the fragrant brown liquid so its perfume filled the tiny cabin .
a sharpening of the sense of smell was another effect of pregnancy , apparently ; i could smell him even among the myriad stenches and scents of the seaport , much as you can hear a low - pitched voice close by in a noisy crowd .
i sniffed his hair , where the scent of tobacco lingered among the ruddy waves .
and the man behind him , the rank stench of the animal breaking through the delicate scent of the lavender toilet water .
an english gold - mounted scent bottle , a gilt - bronze inkstand with gadrooned lid , a cracked horn spoon , and a small marble clock topped with two swans drinking .
but someone played games with this '' -the slender index finger stroked the counter - box- '' a lady used this '' -nudged the scent bottle- '' dabbing scent behind her ears , on her wrists ... where else do you ladies dab scent ? ''
but someone played games with this '' -the slender index finger stroked the counter - box- '' a lady used this '' -nudged the scent bottle- '' dabbing scent behind her ears , on her wrists ... where else do you ladies dab scent ? ''
still smiling at the girl , he unstoppered the scent bottle and passed it gently under his nose .
he smelled warm and rumpled , his own sleepy scent blending with the smell of the down - filled quilt and the clean linen sheets .
dashing into a gloomy hallway , past a startled porter , and through a hanging drape , he had shot into the center of a large , well - lighted room , and come to a screeching halt in the middle of one madame elise 's salon , the scent of perfume heavy in his nostrils .
dashing into a gloomy hallway , past a startled porter , and through a hanging drape , he had shot into the center of a large , well - lighted room , and come to a screeching halt in the middle of one madame elise 's salon , the scent of perfume heavy in his nostrils .
he opened the door , and a rich , spicy scent wafted up at once from the dining room below .
these were fairly easy to pick out ; aside from the tiny , mannered handwriting she employed , that made her letters look as though a small bird had been making tracks on them , she invariably saturated the paper with her trademark hyacinth scent .
` ` well , that depends on whose nerves are involved , '' i said , recalling jamie 's reaction to the scent of lavender .
it was the scent jack randall had favored , and jamie found exposure to the herb 's perfume anything but soothing .
it was the scent jack randall had favored , and jamie found exposure to the herb 's perfume anything but soothing .
i had a sudden vision of jamie , limp and quiet on the grass , blood welling from an empty eye socket , and the smell of black powder strong among the scents of spring in the bois de boulogne .
it had a nice mellow scent , and was a beautiful color - the rich yellow - white of fresh cream .
grief and loss and fear racked me , and the dusty scent of death and white chalk filled my nostrils .
i could see the faint greasy shine to his skin , and smell his perfume .
fallen grapes littered the ground under the arbor , the pungent scent of their fermentation promising the forgetfulness of wine .
i stared upward into the darkness of the bedroom , listening to the peaceful sigh of his sleeping breath , breathing myself the fresh - washed scent of the damp night air , tinged with the smell of wisteria .
he bowed to me , and i bowed back , then followed him down the hall of mirrors , feeling the slipperiness of my oily thighs as they brushed each other , and smelling the strong scent of roses between my legs .
and if by chance i did , i would rub his nose in the scent of roses , until his soul sickened and died .
i leaned to kiss his shoulder , enjoying the warm scent of his skin and the faint salty taste of him .
the scent of ale and whisky hung about him like perfume .
its faint , rich scent still wafted up the walls of the house to the bedroom window .
when i woke in the morning , there was a warm , unfamiliar scent next to me , and something tangled in my hair .
the thick smell of burning peat from the cottages joined the sharper scent of the english wood fires , overlying the tang of the nearby sea .
not so experienced at olfactory meteorology , i still thought that perhaps i could smell it ; a dampness in the air , sharpening the usual smells of dried heather and pine resin , with a faint , moist scent of kelp from the distant shore mixed in .
he had , and i kissed him back with considerable fervor , reveling in the scrape of his unshaven beard and the warm , pungent scent of him ; damp linen and wool , with a strong hint of male sweat .
when i breathed in , my nostrils were filled with the smell of damp earth and hot pitch from my pine torch , and the fainter , cooler echo of live scent from the pines overhead .
there was a sound of scraping and brushing leaves against the side of the wagon , and the spicy sap - scent of the trees grew suddenly stronger .
ian joked that the strong scent of herbs that hung about me must repel them , but i thought it went further than that - even when i was freshly bathed , the insects showed no desire to bother me .
with the dawn , he 'd got up and sat in the chair , wrapped in her scent , silently watching the light spread across her sleeping face .
we had sold it as we went , and consequently had arrived in wilmington with sticky hands , a bag of coins - mostly pennies - and a pervasive scent of fermentation that clung to hair , clothes , and skin , as though we had all been dipped in peach brandy .
among the scents of brandy and cigar smoke , i could smell the night on him , and the faint musky spice of nicotiana ; he had been walking , then , amid the flowers in the garden .
he breathed in deeply , as though smelling the thick perfume of the night .
the darkness released all the pungent green scents of the trees and plants along the water 's edge , mingling with the damp mud of the riverbank and the scent of sun - warmed wood from the deck of the boat .
the darkness released all the pungent green scents of the trees and plants along the water 's edge , mingling with the damp mud of the riverbank and the scent of sun - warmed wood from the deck of the boat .
he breathed in deeply ; the air was freshening with the scent of ozone ; the rain was near .
there was something else in the air here ; a hot , familiar scent .
the scent of mint and verbena wafted strongly from her dress , and i felt oddly moved , as though i had suddenly come under the protection of some beneficent deity .
we all could ; the scent of cut wood and pungent resin was so strong that even i could have found the tree blindfolded .
he had spent the day in cross creek , arranging a complicated exchange involving indigo blocks , lumber , three pairs of mules , five tons of rice , and a warehouse receipt for a gilded clock , and as a result , a fascinating variety of scents clung to his coat and hair .
it was late july , and the scent of ripening fruit from the orchard was sweet , so heavy on the air that i could almost taste the clean , crisp tang of new apples .
past the orchard , still in silence , and down the long walk of herbaceous borders , with the scents of lily and lavender , anemone and roses , so pungent and heady that simply to walk through the hot , heavy air was like throwing oneself headlong onto a bed of fragrant petals .
i could smell the musky scent of him that made me want to pull him from his thoughts into the border , unbelt him and let the plaid fall from his shoulders , pull down my bodice and press my br**sts against him , take him down half - naked and wholly roused among the damp green plants , and force him from his thoughts to mine .
there was nothing but the turpentine scent of the pine forest , clean and astringent in my nostrils .
a light dew of sweat broke out on my face as i drank , but the warmth settled comfortingly into my uneasy stomach , the perfume of the tea driving the stench of blood and excreta from my nose , even as the cheerful conversation banished the morbid scenes of the morning from my mind .
the overwhelming hot resins of the pine trees gave way to lighter , more varied scents , tree leaves mingled with whiffs of the shrubs and flowers that grew from every crevice of the craggy rocks .
it was still damp and humid , but not so hot ; the air no longer seemed a smothering blanket , but something we might breathe - and breathe with pleasure , filled as it was with the perfumes of leaf mold , sun - warmed leaves , and damp moss .
a warm , comforting smell rose from the fire , mingled with the scent of burning wood , and my belly rumbled softly in anticipation .
the fire seemed more substantial now , the scent of cooking food spreading its warmth in a wider circle , keeping the night at bay .
he slid his hand out from under my shirt , reaching for his dirk , then relaxing , as the reassuring scent of skunk reached our nostrils .
he popped up onto his feet and came round the fire , crouching to peer curiously at me , close enough for me to catch the odd , smoky scent of his skin .
milky , with a musky scent not my own .
we made a bed of plaid and cloaks , and lay down upon it nak*d , skin to skin among the yellow grasses and the scent of balsam and wild strawberries .
the wind stirred the leaves of the chestnut trees nearby , and the scents of late summer rose up rich around us ; pine and grass and strawberries , sunwarmed stone and cool water , and the sharp , musky smell of his body next to mine .
a faint , unfamiliar scent hung in the air .
surrounded by a warm , familiar church fug composed of floor polish , damp wool , naphtha fumes , and a faint whiff of the whisky with which some worshipers had fortified themselves for the long service , he scarcely noticed the sweet , musky scent of frankincense .
the smell of confined male animals was overpowering ; a sort of musky , rancid smell , garnished with the scent of wet wool and fish .
the rain had stopped , but the trees were still dripping , and the air was composed of equal parts water vapor and pure oxygen , spiced with pungent green scents from every plant on the mountainside .
the season had not yet turned ; it was still late summer , and the air was rich with the sun - roused scents of leaf and berry , but so high in the mountains , the nights turned cold .
i was silent for a moment , breathing the musky , deep scent of him .
my vegetable stew was bubbling , and the cabin was filled with the savory scent of onions and wild garlic , but i had no appetite .
the scent of hickory smoke floated in the air , wisps of white curling up over the hearth .
the weather had improved ; the snow had melted altogether from the exposed ground , and while the air was still crisp and cold , the sky was a blinding blue , and the forest coldly pungent with the scents of spruce and balsam fir .
the air was thick and sweet with the breath of green plants , the tang of herbs and musk of dead leaves , overlaid and interlaced with the scents of the storm - wet rock , damp earth , and rising mist , and a sharp hint of ozone , sudden as the lightning that had struck the tree .
the wool of his plaid was soft against my face ; it smelt of wet and lye soap and his own male scent and i breathed it in like oxygen .
never anything so overt as another woman 's perfume , or lipstick on his collar - he had discretion .
the rain had lessened to no more than a light spattering , and the forest was fragrant with the scents of wet , fresh leaves and fecund dark leaf mold .
he leaned forward and handed the cup to the boy , wondering whether forever after , the lad too would feel troubled by the scent of lavender , or if he would find in it a memory of comfort .
it was cozy in the cabin , with the fire flickering gold and red on the rough - barked walls , and the air filled with the warm , lingering scents of squirrel stew and pumpkin bread , spiced with the bitter tang of willow tea .
i laid aside a half - finished pair of stockings jamie was making for himself - striped , the show - off - and pulled out a heavy skein of fresh - dyed blue wool , still redolent with the heavy scents of its dyeing .
tonight it seemed smothering , added as it was to woodsmoke and candle wax , to the close , acrid smells of male bodies and the reek of illness - a mingled scent of sweaty sheets and used chamber pots - all trapped together in the room 's stale air .
her scent brought her vividly to life , a faint smell of musk and green things , and he dropped the garment , shaken .
she caught the faint , spicy scent of baking in the folds of jenny 's gown , and something else , more earthy and pungent , that she thought must be the smell of sheep 's wool .
the heavenly scent of fresh hot dough and spiced meat cut through the other pungencies in the hall , noticeable as the old woman 's calling .
he breathed in ; the air was full of the smell of wet wood , overlaid by the faint perfume of tea .
the rich perfume of tobacco reached him , narcotic , enchanting .
there was a strong , clean tang of hops in the air , enough to overpower the milder scents of hay and manure ; the blue bull brewed its own ale .
the scent of her was enough to make him want to dispense with any preliminaries and throw himself on her in a pure abandonment of lust .
he put his forehead against her shoulder , breathing in the deep , ripe scent of her , of them .
a long ride down dusty roads , and sleeping with her head on her father 's shoulder , his free arm around her as he drove , breathing the unfamiliar scent of his skin , his strange long hair brushing her face when he turned his head .
then the cool luxury of the big , breezy house , filled with the scent of beeswax and flowers .
she stretched her long legs , breathing in the scent of the morning .
i put my forehead against his shoulder , breathing in the clean male scent of him .
small wisps of transparent smoke rose up through the cracks of the wooden platform , permeating the small clearing with the breakfast - like scent of roasting grain .
he could almost smell the meat pies sarah woolam made , the rich scent twining in his memory through the actual autumn smells of dead leaves and damp earth .
the sheets were stained with spilled liquor and stank of perfume and wine , and overwhelmingly of the rank , heavy odor of bonnet himself .
the smell of gentian ointment mingled with the pungent scent of burning pine and the mouth - watering aroma of the venison stew - quite suddenly , i was hungry .
the sharp scent of nervous perspiration reached me , mingled with soap and bear fat , and i saw that his hands were clenched in fists , tight enough to make the knobby knuckles stand out white against his tanned skin .
she rubbed her hands together over the fire , and a shower of small brown particles rained down , only to rise up again at once as smoke , thick with the scent of tobacco .
the smoke rose straight up from the fire in a thin white pillar , and the strong sweet scent of tobacco mingled with the smell of cold air , triggering incongruous memories of brianna 's high school football games ; cozy scents of wool blankets and thermoses of cocoa , wisps of cigarette smoke drifting from the crowd .
the smoke rose straight up from the fire in a thin white pillar , and the strong sweet scent of tobacco mingled with the smell of cold air , triggering incongruous memories of brianna 's high school football games ; cozy scents of wool blankets and thermoses of cocoa , wisps of cigarette smoke drifting from the crowd .
the smoke had ceased to rise as she talked ; it had gathered instead in a low cloud overhead , and the air was thick with narcotic perfume .
his breath rose white in the night air , and the scents of whisky and tobacco wafted from his plaid .
as they descended through the multiple turnings , the scent of smoke thickened ; a layer of acrid haze swirled lazily around them , visible in the lantern light .
it was warm for mid - may ; i opened the windows wide , and the scents of phlox and columbine flowed in , mixed with cool , damp air from the river .
` ` but maisie loved the light in the fields and the birds of the glen ... '' the light faded gradually from the room , and the smell of sun - warmed flowers was replaced by the damp green smell of the willows by the river , and the faint scent of woodsmoke from the cookhouse .
there was a sudden gush of amniotic fluid , that splashed across the bed and dripped on the floor , filling the room with the scent of fecund rivers .
he uncovered the basket she 'd brought and inhaled the warm , rich scent of squirrel stew and salt - rising bread with fresh butter .
he turned restlessly onto his other side , turning his back on the glorious night of scent and sun - warmed winds .
spiced ham and turkey hash sizzled pleasantly on the griddle , adding their aromas to the softer morning scents of damp grass and summer flowers that came through the open window .
and the pungent scent now wafting up the stairwell strongly intimated that breakfast was to be herring , kippered .
rubbing my hands briskly together before the scent could evaporate , i smoothed them rapidly through my hair .
and the evaporating alcohol had left behind a very pleasant scent .
a scent of lavender water emanated from the neat part of the grizzled head bent over my palm .
but a girl comes into the tent - and there am i , done up in a turban with a peacock feather borrowed from mr . donaldson , and ' robes of oriental splendor'-that 's the vicar 's dressing gown , all over peacocks it is and yellow as the sun - anyway , i look her over while i pretend to be watching her hand , and i see she 's got her blouse cut down to her breakfast , cheap scent , and earrings down to her shoulders .
here came mrs . buchanan , the village postmistress , blond hair freshly permed and the scent of evening in paris wafting strongly from its waves .
i smelled a faint flowery scent , as of lavender water , and something more spicy , mingled with the sharper reek of male perspiration .
` ` and a french scent in your hair . ''
i was n't at all thirsty , but the faint scent of honey reminded me that i was starving , and had been for some time .
i closed my eyes and breathed deeply , inhaling the wine 's perfume .
the air was thick with the delicious , spicy scent of drying basil , rosemary , and lavender .
the fire was not put out , only damped for the night , and the air in the cottage was stifling with warmth and the scents and sounds of the tossing , turning , groaning , snoring , sweating , farting inhabitants .
i had been up such hillsides before , and smelled these same spring scents .
but then the pine and grass scent had been diluted with the smell of petrol fumes from the road below and the voices of day trippers replaced those of the jays .
when i got my eyes open , i saw that my small chamber now resembled a tube station , with faces wall - to - wall : ned gowan , murtagh , the innkeeper , the innkeeper 's wife , and a lanky young man , who turned out to be the innkeeper 's son , with his arms full of assorted flowers , which accounted for the scents in my dream .
his pleasant musky smell mingled with the harsh scent of linen .
consciousness fragmented into a number of small separate sensations : the roughness of the linen pillow , nubbled with embroidered flowers ; the oily reek of the lamp , mingled with the fainter scent of roast beef and ale and the still fainter wisps of freshness from the wilting flowers in the glass ; the cool timber of the wall against my left foot , the firm hands on my hips .
it was a warm day , redolent with grass and flower scents .
a faint scent of ripe fruit and fresh - cut hay floated on the breeze .
the same scent that permeated mrs . graham 's practical blue cotton and wafted from the corrugations of her bony chest .
i recognized the scent of rosemary in the smoke , but i was n't sure of the other two herbs ; foxglove , perhaps , or cinquefoil ?
my back and arms still ached , the rope burns on my wrists were raw , and i felt sore and bruised all over ; but worn out with fear , pain , and simple exhaustion , i fell asleep almost at once , the pungent scent of ferns rising around me like incense .
i could feel the heat of the sun still in his skin , and smell the warm dusty scent of sweat and oat grass .
i was wearing a gown borrowed from a lady of rupert 's acquaintance in the nearby town , and from the scent that saturated the dress and its matching reticule , i had a reasonably good idea just what this particular lady 's profession was .
it was only then that i consciously noticed the scent in the room - a light , spicy , floral smell , so common a perfume that i had thought nothing of it .
it was only then that i consciously noticed the scent in the room - a light , spicy , floral smell , so common a perfume that i had thought nothing of it .
a scent for soaps and toilet waters .
the source of the scent was a small metal cup filled with herb - scented oil , suspended from a heavy , rose - bossed iron base and hung over a candle flame .
i 'll remember her ; the feel of her skin and the scent of her hair and the touch of her mouth on mine .
a smell that , to me , conjured the shade of the man who wore its perfume , and the shade of the man behind him ; shades that evoked confusing images of present terror and lost love .
jamie stirred and murmured in his sleep next to me , his movement rousing a fresh wave of scent from the cedar branches under our bottom quilt .
i breathed its scent and let the water touch my skin , cool as vapor .
the damp air smelled of soot and the acrid scent of wet ashes , but the blackened patch of earth - some ten feet across , at least - was already disappearing under a crisscross of fresh branches and kindling .
i paused to pull off a few of the fragrant berries , and crushed one with my thumbnail , enjoying the sharp , clean scent .
it was a small bag of oiled silk , plumply stuffed with something , with a faintly sweet , slightly oily botanical scent about it .
there was a stand of fir trees near ; i could smell the cool scent of their resin , pungent and clean above the heavier smell of wet , dead leaves , smoldering fires , and soggy fabrics .
the tent seemed cluttered but relatively luxurious , being equipped with a camp bed and other furniture , the air within scented not only by damp canvas and wool but with the perfume of ceylon tea , expensive wine , and almond biscuits .
the scents of smoke and supper trailed tantalizing fingers through the cold , dark air , and my stomach rumbled gently in answer to their summons .
every movement , each touch , imprinted itself in the nerves of her skin , the crevices of mouth and memory , drowning her with scent , branding her with sensation .
he breathed deep in relief , noticing now the other smells of home ; the faint rich scent of manure from the stable , of meat smoked and hanging in the shed , and the breath of the forest nearby - damp wood and leaf - rot , rock and rushing water , the touch of it cold and loving on his cheek .
the door of the stable stood open , allowing the pleasantly fecund scents of straw , warm animals , and manure to drift out , along with a stream of similarly fecund words .
outside , i could hear the women talking in short bursts , interspersed with grunts of effort , and the smell of lye soap drifted through the open window , mingling with the scents of stew and rising bread .
once he had thought of her scent as jasmine and grass ; now she smelled of gunpowder , leather , and sweat .
the corridor was full of the savory scents of squirrel stew and fresh bread , and i was starving , but i stood still , staring up at him .
he did usually bend to kiss me goodbye , though , murmuring a quick endearment in my ear and leaving me to carry the touch and scent of him back into dreams .
the root cellar was reassuringly well - stocked , heady with the earthy smell of potatoes , the tang of onions and garlic , and the wholesome , bland scent of turnips .
i sighed and closed the cupboard , adding the faint perfume of dried lavender and the skunk scent of pennyroyal to the ghosts of lye and rotted apples .
at this season , change was in the air itself , the scents of ripeness and death borne on the breeze , and the breath of winter in its chill .
true enough ; even now , when there was no grain actively fermenting in the shed or toasting on the floor , a faintly fecund , smoky scent lingered in the air .
when grain was ` ` working , '' the musty , pungent scent of fermentation was perceptible at a distance , but when the sprouting barley was spread on the floor above a slow fire , a thin haze of smoke hung over the clearing , and the smell was strong enough to reach fergus 's cabin , when the wind was right .
both table and hearth were empty , though there was a strong vinegar scent in the air .
i stretched , consciously enjoying the soft embrace of the feather bed , the smooth , clean sheets with their faint scent of rosemary and elderflower .
i was used to the odors of a winter - sealed cabin , where the scents of sweat , dirty clothes , wet feet , greasy hair , and slop jars mingled with baking bread , stewing meat , and the subtler notes of fungus and mold , but the aroma within the beardsley residence went well beyond the norm .
still , it was plainly the place to start - if only for the sake of the men with him , who had begun to vibrate like iron filings near a magnet at sight of the barrels ; the yeasty scent of beer floated out like a welcome .
i hugged my shawl tight around my shoulders and breathed out hard , then deeply in , hoping the cold , clean scent of the pines would eradicate the phantom reek of dead flesh that seemed to cling to hands and clothes and nose .
it was incongruously peaceful in the large room , with the snow whispering down outside , and the stewpot burbling away in the hearth , filling the air with the enticing scents of onion , venison , and turnips .
the smell of her hair and the musk of her body was all round him , but breathing deep to get more of it , he realized that the room was fragrant with juniper and balsam , too , and the mellow scent of beeswax candles .
roger breathed in , half - conscious of the remembered scents of fresh baking and tea , furniture polish and ammonia .
there was no danger of that , given the increasing warmth of the day , but i accepted the cup , enjoying the scent of cinnamon and honey that wafted from it .
what i missed was simply the feel of his body next to mine ; being able to reach out a hand in the dark and rest it on the long swell of his thigh ; to roll toward him in the morning and cup his round , neat buttocks in the curve of thigh and belly ; to press my cheek against his back and breathe the scent of his skin as i slipped into sleep .
` ` damn , '' i said , resting my forehead briefly in the folds of his shirt ruffle , and inhaling the mingled scents of starch and man with longing .
events after that were somewhat confused , with the predominant impressions being an urgent rustling of fabric , the sharp scent of trodden onion grass , and the crackling of last year 's oak leaves , dry underfoot .
the scent of smoke and food drifted through the cool spring air , along with the rumble of talk and laughter from the lawn .
then she caught a whiff of alcohol , pungent among the garden scents of carrot tops and sun - ripened manure .
rum punch was the prevailing odor , but she also detected the richly sour scent of ale and the smooth tang of brandy .
so close to phillip wylie , i was aware of his perfume , but even the expensive whiff of musk and bergamot was overcome by the stable smells .
it smelled of fresh straw and grain , of brick and wood , but there was a faint scent as well of more elemental things - manure and blood and milk ; the basic elements of motherhood .
above the pungent scent of dr . fentiman 's wig , which had evidently been treated with nettle powder and hyssop against lice , and a strong fog of ancient sweat and tobacco from the doctor 's body , i caught the sharp copper scent of fresh blood , and the older reek of caked , decayed blood from the inside of his case .
she smelled faintly of rice powder and warm skin , with the scent of rose h*ps in her hair .
the scent of black grapes perfumed the inside of my head and the heat of the wine warmed my face , my throat , my br**sts , my skin .
now it was cold enough that his body yearned for the warmth of hers , and the scent that enclosed them was the spring smell of green leaves and running river , not the musty smell of leaf - litter and mudflats .
then he pried the cork out of the jar , and the pungent scent of camphor rose up like a genie from the bottle .
i breathed shallowly - the air was filled with a cloying mixture of stale sweat , barbecue , and fried onions , french perfume , drink - sodden breath , and the sharp , sweet smell of vanilla beans - and shed my gown and shoes as quickly as i could , hoping not to break out into a drenching sweat before i could undress .
the scent of smoke and whisky filled the stairwell .
people were up ; i caught the sounds of rattling dishes from the dining room , and the faint scent of sausages .
the reassurance i understood at once ; the scent of blood and flowers had been replaced by one of shaving soap and body - warmed linen , and the pale gold light streaming through the window shone on the pillow beside me , where a long red - gold hair glinted in the hollow left by someone 's head .
it was almost a relief to go inside , where the air was still , even though the scents of death mingled thickly with the dankness of rust , rotted straw , and mildewed wood .
when i cut through the heavy muscular wall , though , the sharp scent of ipecac cut through the reek of the body .
it was filled with bran , but crackled faintly under my hand and gave off a strong scent of lavender .
the wind had changed , and the night air was streaming in through a broken pane above the window seat , heavy with the scent of smoke and a faint , dreadful smell of burned flesh .
the kitchen was warm and welcoming , the windows still dark , walls red with hearth - glow , and the air suffused with the comforting scents of broth , hot bread , and coffee .
the side door was unbarred ; he pushed it open , and the warm scents of hay and sleeping animals rushed out .
a huge cecropia moth had flown past his head , lured by the garden scents .
the scents of spring still hung in the air , and a small blue butterfly floated past his knee with no apparent sense of care .
the smell of sweat , of dirt and fear and anger , that seemed to hang in the air of the encampment , was still in his nostrils , mingling with the cleaner scents of trillium and water .
the air was filled with the pungent scent of tree - sap , oozing from the severed branches , and he thought fleetingly of claire 's garden , turned earth , churned earth beneath his boots , the fresh - turned earth of furrows and graves , and hobson sitting in the sun by the log , the look of surprise not yet gone from his eyes .
she had not eaten with the others , wanting to take advantage of the evening light , and her stomach was growling softly , as the lingering smells of food in the air replaced the astringent scents of turps and linseed oil .
he was gone , the room empty , though it smelled faintly of him - some indefinable masculine scent , composed of leather , sawdust , sweat , whisky , manure - and ink .
roger smelled of those things , too - and yet he had his own scent , underneath .
there were so many odors in the air of the surgery that she herself could n't distinguish anything beyond the overwhelming sweetness of honey , but evidently her mother 's sensitive nose had no trouble in making out individual scents .
he was close to water ; he could n't hear it yet , but could smell the sweet , resinous scent of some plant that grew on streambanks .
the women spent the day in plucking , roasting , smoking , and preserving the pigeons with wood - ash ; the air was filled with drifting down and the scent of grilled pigeon livers was thick in the air , as the whole village gorged on this delicacy .
the scent of ozone was sharp in my nostrils , and the whole wood seemed to give a green sigh , opening itself to the rain .
he 'd lain still , listening , praying that she 'd stay awake long enough to return the little bugger to his cradle ; sometimes they fell asleep together , mother and child , and roger would wake in the morning to the confusingly mingled scents of a beddable woman and baby pee .
they were both fully clothed , standing well apart - and the air was so filled with the musk of desire and the sharp scent of male completion that roger had felt the blood burn in his face , the hair on his body prickling erect .
i closed my eyes and inhaled , buoyed up by the hearty scent of liver and onions .
i thought there was a strange scent about his skin , though ; something i had n't smelled before .
the room was fetid with the scent of onions and honey and fever - sweat , but no stink of sudden death .
just behind her came her husband , with another basket , and a small open keg , from which came a pungent alcoholic scent .
it was a soft spring night , the air still crisp , but smelling of fresh green things from the sprouting moor and the salt scent of the distant sea ; a night to make a man yearn to run free upon the earth and feel the blood humming dark in his veins .
brianna had freshly smoored the fire ; it burned with a low , even heat and the sweet scent of hickory , making small occasional pops as the buried flame reached a pocket of resin or a spot of damp .
he sighed deeply , smelling the lingering scents of fried corn - mush and onions that hung in the corners of the cabin .
roger took a deep breath , a whiff of dead whale mingling with the fecund scent of the salt marsh behind .
she looked him up and down in a bold sort of way , then , evidently approving , put her hands under her br**sts in a gesture of unmistakable invitation , jerking her head toward a corner of the shed , where mounds of damp straw gave off a fecund scent of not - unpleasant decay .
` ` what is that lovely scent ? ''
the candles were beeswax , but the scent was something both delicate and spicy - rather like bayberry , but lighter .
i closed my eyes and breathed in , nostrils flaring at the intoxicating mixture of scents : mudflats and wet sand , pine resins and sea air , the last faint whiffs of dead whale , and what i had been looking for - the fresh , tangy scent of wax - myrtles .
i closed my eyes and breathed in , nostrils flaring at the intoxicating mixture of scents : mudflats and wet sand , pine resins and sea air , the last faint whiffs of dead whale , and what i had been looking for - the fresh , tangy scent of wax - myrtles .
there was a sinister air of stillness about the house ; no sound of scurrying servants , no music from the parlor , no scents of supper being fetched in from the cookhouse .
he smelled good , bitter and musky with the scent of satisfied desire .
the smell of the food laid out for the wake was filling the room , mingling with the scents of oak - wood fire and oak - gall ink - and the fresh - planed oak of the coffin 's boards .
smoke and steam rose up in a ghostly cloud , and the scent of remembrance drifted through the trees .
instantly quinlan whirled with those lightning - quick reactions of his , catching her arms and hauling her close to him , so close that she could see the white flecks in the deep blue of his irises and smell the hot , male scent of his body .
he nuzzled her neck , breathing in the sweet woman scent .
she inhaled the hot , musky scent of his skin , and with the slightest of motions rubbed her cheek against the curly hair on his chest .
the scent of sage and his favorite chicken dish filled the house .
here , reddish dust rose in tiny puffs with each footfall , and the scent of pine was sharp .
he could still remember vividly the moment he fell , face smacking into a patch of late snow , the scent of rich earth and avalanche lilies in his nostrils .
a masculine scent clung to the robe and she knew it must belong to erik .
` ` mrs . erickson , '' garrett said , smiling broadly as he took in aundy 's fresh scent and glowing cheeks .
` ` okay , '' aundy said , standing so close to garrett , she could smell his unique , manly scent .
chapter six ` ` site down the barrel and hold it steady , '' garrett said , finding it hard to instruct aundy in how to shoot his revolver with her floral scent teasing his nose and a wayward wisp of hair engaged in a teasing dance by his cheek .
he smelled of horses and sunshine , and some musky scent that was alluring and inviting .
as they strolled around the side of the barn toward the house , garrett breathed deeply of aundy 's rose scent and tried not to stare at her tall figure and trim waist .
ready to leave , she remembered the bay rum in the bathroom and removed the gloves , splashing a little of the scent onto her hands , rubbing it on her neck and wiping her still damp fingers down the front of her shirt and pants .
following it , she could smell strange scents and hear the rumble of a crowd .
he pulled her against him and breathed of her scent again , getting a tiny whiff of bay rum .
she breathed in his spicy scent and longed to have his mouth pressed against hers again .
it was a beautiful day and he was sitting elbow to elbow with a girl who made his heart thump wildly at thoughts of her kisses while her soft rose scent made him think things he knew were inappropriate .
it could n't have anything to do with the proximity of garrett or the feel of her hand in his , or the opportunity to inhale his masculine scent .
the smells of a roast cooking filled the air with a rich , beefy scent .
the rich , spicy dough filled the kitchen with a delicious scent .
trying to fill his lungs with air , her soft , rose scent floated around him , drawing him into an invisible web he had no desire to escape .
like now , with garrett 's spicy scent tickling her nose as she sat against his side , letting her know she was safe and secure in his arms .
nestled against his side , breathing in his unique masculine scent , she savored every moment until j.b . stopped the surrey at the end of her walk .
she could smell ashton 's cologne , a scent she now found nauseating .
breathing in her rosy scent , he liked the idea of having a home and a future with the lovely , lively , strong - willed girl .
letting her mother 's soft scent fill her nose , she wanted to memorize every detail about the woman in case she never saw her again .
the fragrance of lemon verbena and the scent of cinnamon would forever make her think of her mother .
watching the morning 's first rays of sunlight filter through the lace - covered window , she inhaled the scent of roses from the sachets she 'd made and stashed in her dresser drawers .
taking a deep breath , caterina inhaled the scent of spices that filled the kitchen with a mouth - watering aroma .
the erotic taste and scent of her hardened his cock , but his c*ck would have to wait .
the scent of hay reminded her of a high school hayride and making out with her teenaged boyfriend .
she could hear him breathing , and the scent of his aftershave tantalized her .
but as soon as julia closed the door behind her and smelled the delicious scent of her grandmother 's apple crumble , she forgot all about him .
julia came into the room , her perfume wafting through the air ahead of her .
damien inhaled her scent , calming down as she came to sit next to him .
her smell was delicious , her soft perfume mixing with the scent of her juices .
her smell was delicious , her soft perfume mixing with the scent of her juices .
outside , the dim spring morning proved wonderfully fragrant with the scent of magnolia , but oppressively hot , the air sticky with humidity .
the scent of blueberry muffins , ashes and untamed jungle had wafted from him .
before he escorted me through the gates of eternity , maybe he 'd let me shower , brush my teeth , apply ten pounds of makeup , slip on a red teddy and mist myself with pheromone perfume .
the scents of frying bacon and scrambled eggs blended with the sugary sweet fragrance of syrup , wafting to me like a summoning finger that promised to lead me straight into paradise .
there were more gnats here , but the air was cleaner , fresher than in the city , and layered with the scents of flowers and honey .
rome 's male scent enveloped me as surely as his arms .
the scents of soap and oil .
the scent of pine filled the air .
the scent of virile man enveloped me .
laughing , i forced myself to walk away from him , from his sweet touch and sweeter scent .
but the yummy scent failed to entice her hunger as it was meant to do .
he had desired her scent , the feel of her body , the blunt way she spoke ...
she was inundated with sensory input - the alluring scents of the room , the feel of his hard , powerful frame , and the softness of the material they were sprawled on .
the sweet tone of her voice and softly flowered scent stayed in his mind , as did the deep color of her eyes and the golden strands of her hair .
he rested his forehead against hers and breathed in her scent of soft flowers .
through the thin fabrics between them , he felt her heat , and he squeezed his eyes shut , his nose pressed to her skin so that every breath he took was lyssa , a scent that would forever be imprinted on his memory .
inhaling the clean scent of his damp skin , lyssa stroked his chest in a rhythmic , soothing caress and felt at peace for the first time since he left .
now he took what he needed , using her body to satisfy his own , his face buried between her br**sts , wallowing in her scent , as he drove upward into her spasming depths with long , deep plunges .
he had n't yet bathed , and the scent of hard sex and lyssa clung to his skin .
the scent of his skin , something exotic and spicy and scrumptious , hit her at the same moment as the wickedly provocative curving of his sensual lips .
sucking in air through her nose , she smelled a scent that caused her eyes to fly open ... ... and met darkly determined sapphire blue ones .
as his skin heated with his desire , the scent of him , spicy and rich , filled her nostrils .
` ` aidan , '' she whispered , her nostrils filling with his scent .
there was no other scent in the world like his .
instantly the delicious scent of potato - cheese soup filled the air between them .
they clung together , shuddered together , her nose pressed to his skin , breathing in the scent that was uniquely aidan .
he rested his forehead against hers , inundating her senses with the scent and heat of his skin .
through the open bedroom door , the scent of fresh , hot coffee drifted up to her .
lyssa hurried her mother down to the first floor and then hugged her with more than usual fervor in the entryway , breathing in the familiar scent of coco by chanel .
she pressed her face into the side of his throat and breathed in his scent .
a cool breeze blew past him , carrying the scent of fragrant night - blooming flowers .
it was only when she felt heat at her back and inhaled the sexy , luscious scent that belonged to aidan alone that she became aware of the change .
lifting the pillow to her face , lyssa breathed in the lingering scent of his skin , and cried .
the warmth of his body wrapped around her , along with the very subtle , spicy scent of cologne mixed with his natural essence .
his musky scent surrounded her as he deepened the kiss , filling her with a giddiness that made her head spin and her entire body tingle , as it grew warm with pleasure .
i 'd been fantasizing about her unique scent and taste for days .
nodding into his chest i wrapped my arms around his waist and inhaled his scent .
as jasper lowered himself back into the chair , he inhaled the rather exotic scent of her perfume , appreciating how different it was from her modest mode of dress .
as jasper lowered himself back into the chair , he inhaled the rather exotic scent of her perfume , appreciating how different it was from her modest mode of dress .
he breathed in her scent with a deep inhalation , one last delay before revealing a truth no one else knew .
as eliza pivoted , she disturbed the air , allowing the primitive scent that clung to him - horses and leather , tobacco and bergamot - to tease her senses .
` ` it will be interesting to see the scent the proprietress chooses to create for me . ''
she heard him inhale slowly and deeply , as if savoring her scent .
she breathed the scent into her nostrils , finding it calming to her jangled nerves .
eventually , she relaxed into his warmth , inhaling the scent of him , which was made stronger by the tremendous heat of his body .
deliberately , he rubbed his hands together , releasing the scent of bergamot and spice into the air .
he 'd chosen a masculine scent on purpose , wanting it to linger in her mind after the night was over , goading her to remember the things he had done to her body .
sweat coated her skin and his , making them slide along each other , releasing the fragrance of the oil and jasper 's scent into the air .
with every inhale , she smelled the beloved scent of his skin .
as time passed and they continued their exertions , his scent of spice and bergamot filled the air between them .
her scent clung to his lips , filling his nostrils with every drawn breath , spurring his lust to previously unattained heights .
then the scent of her perfume penetrated through the fog of memories and brought him back to the present .
then the scent of her perfume penetrated through the fog of memories and brought him back to the present .
` ` in the barren desert of my heart , you bloom with radiance and fill the air with heaven 's scent . ''
jared leaned his forehead against my cheek , taking in the scent of my hair .
chapter seven caught the mangled , dark blue sheets underneath me were unfamiliar , but their wonderful scent was one i recognized right away .
his scent was incredible - like line - dried laundry , soap and something else ... the way it smel s when it 's about to rain ? -i could n't put my finger on it .
you should have joined us , '' i said , closing my eyes and taking in his wonderful scent .
i opened al of my senses , the warmth of the sunshine above me , the heat of jared 's skin below me , his amazing scent floating around us , the laughter in the background , and the convivial atmosphere .
both jared 's and ryan 's sweat were on me , a scent mixed between ryan 's salty boy smel and jared 's salty angel smel .
his sweet scent floated around me and my chest tightened .
my lips melted against the familiar heat of his mouth , and as i breathed in his amazing scent , i felt a bit lightheaded .
jared 's feverish chest against my cheek was comforting , and i breathed in his amazing scent .
the air smell ed of fresh grass and sunshine , and coupled with jared 's scent , it felt a little like heaven .
i took in a deep breath , inhaling his incredible scent .
his heavenly scent took me away from trials and the war we would create to stay alive .
his scent mixed with our baby 's , and i felt lightness from relief that was vaguely familiar .
the air is charged with excitement and scented with perfume , beer , and sweat .
they come with his arm around my waist and his scent , and his heat , and i love it all , every bit of it .
i ' m so affected by his scent , the feel of his powerful arms around me , when just two months ago i 'd stupidly given up on him , i can barely take it .
i try climbing up him higher , like a tree , and cling to his neck as i sob and try to breathe , sucking in his scent like it 's the only way my body can remember to breathe again .
sinking my face into his hair , i desperately haul his scent into my lungs and hold him tightly as his weight settles against my side , shifting so that his head is pillowed by my br**sts .
my body has a different idea , though , and the scent of papaya ... about to barf in my mouth , i shove the plate aside and run to the bathroom , lift the toilet lid , and heave again .
he lowers his head to smell my neck as if to calm himself with my scent as well , then his roaming lips trail to my ear , where he speaks softly and gently to me , gaining momentum with each word , ` ` if those scorpions caused any permanent damage , i swear i ' m going to kill that motherfucker and nail his head to a goddamned pike ! ''
remington scents me again , as if he wants to get enough of my scent to last him two months , and almost frantically , i do the same , inhale his scent and close my eyes , feeling his shoulder muscle under my fingers , so strong and solid , as i start to massage him lightly again .
remington scents me again , as if he wants to get enough of my scent to last him two months , and almost frantically , i do the same , inhale his scent and close my eyes , feeling his shoulder muscle under my fingers , so strong and solid , as i start to massage him lightly again .
his scent spins around me and completely disarms me .
but the arousal , i hate how it 's quickly winning as his scent keeps reaching my lungs .
i breathe deep , inhaling his scent .
i breathe , a smile dancing on my lips as i tip my head up at him , my nostrils catching the delicious scent of his soap and sweat clinging to his skin .
wrapping his strong arms around my shoulders from behind me , remington buries his nose in my neck , as if my scent calms him .
his scent calms me , and i try not to yell for his sake , because i want him with me , and i know he would never want to forget a moment like this .
my blood rushes through my veins as her scent drowns me .
i want to smell the f**k out of her 'cause it gets me all cranked up and nothing has ever cranked me up like her scent just did .
i drag her scent to my lungs like a junkie , and suddenly every inch of my body wants to cup her h*ps and draw her into me so i can scent her more .
she smells ... of soap and some sort of berry shampoo , plus her own female scent is sweet and warm in my nose .
her sweet scent teases my nostrils , and i force my body not to move a single muscle so she does n't stop what she 's doing .
the scent she wears right now makes my mouth water .
her scent tickles my nostrils , and as if with a mind of its own , my nose drops as i try to find the source of that delicious smell .
her scent curls around me and i part my mouth , hungrily grazing her skin with my teeth before my tongue flashes out for a taste of her .
i ' m hungry for her scent , i ca n't stop breathing her in .
something in my brain snaps , and i inhale the scent at her neck , where it 's always so powerfully sweet .
her feminine scent makes me growl , and as she shudders and scents me back , i lick a wet path up her neck and engulf her in my arms .
my fingers outline her br**sts , my mouth on her jaw , then i ' m at the back of her ear , inhaling her , growling softly when her scent fills me .
clad in my riptide robe , she brings over some plates and i am delighted that her scent will get all over my robe and then on me when i wear it .
i go to her neck and drag her soft scent into my lungs until i ' m relaxed and satisfied , then i buzz the back of her ear and tell her , ` ` you 're my mate , and i ' ve claimed you . ''
she feels so good , i feel her br**sts rising with her breaths , my nose in her neck , her scent calming my thoughts .
her sister runs over for a hug , and i ' ve never been jealous of a woman before , but i want brooke 's arms around me , her scent in my nostrils , in my lungs , caressing my soul .
the scent of her reaches me , and as i lead her into the master and close the door , my instincts betray me , and i curl a hot hand around her neck and bend to drag a deep inhale of her into my lungs .
my head buzzes as her scent fills my lungs .
i can never get over the way that feminine scent gets into my gut , tangles me like a knot .
he 's so close the scent of him tears through me like a shot of adrenaline .
as i wait in line to be allowed into the restricted access part , the scent of beer and sweat permeates the air .
a strange little buzz courses in my veins , straight to my head , and i think i ' m lightheaded from the scent of the massage oil they rubbed on him .
i ' m so close i think i just inhaled the same air he exhaled , and without warning his scent is inside me .
the scent of rosemary and lemons makes my mouth water , but it does nothing for my pounding heart .
his face , his scent ; it makes me crazy .
i do n't know who arranged this in such a way , but i ' m told to wait in the black car and suddenly he slides in next to me into the back seat , and my chest grips in nerves and excitement because he 's showered after the fight , and changed into drool - worthy black denim and a black button shirt with the cuffs rolled up to his elbows , and the scent of his soap instantly makes my lungs feel achy .
riley seems to have gone down to the lobby to bring them up - as no respectable hotel would allow these women access on their own - and when pete opens the door to let them inside , with their stinking perfumes and glittery ensembles , i gape and feel green and twisted all over again .
the scent of his shampoo and the natural smell he emanates that drives me mad with lust seeps into me , and i ca n't help but slide my fingers down his back , over the round curve of his buttocks .
suddenly he leans over to try to listen through my earphones , and when i get a closer whiff of his clean male scent near me , my muscles throb painfully tight .
` ` until i saw this lovely girl in seattle , with big gold eyes , and pink , full lips ... and i wondered if she could understand me ... '' my chest heaves at his unexpected words , and when he bends his head closer , his gaze almost asking permission , i border on sensory overload as his scent of soap and shampoo and water cling to my nostrils .
his deep inhale reaches me , and a shudder runs through my body as i do the same , absorbing every color and flavor of his strong male scent into my body through my nostrils .
delighting at his closeness , his warmth , the scent of his body , i turn in his arm and bury my face into his neck so the light does n't bother me , and as i ' m dozing off , i hear crunching sound and a fresh , liquid drop of something splatters on my cheek .
` ` deliriously , '' i admit , and i hug him and smell his neck , loving how his scent relaxes me .
the slight autumn smell mingled with a scent of ocean clinging to his skin gets me awfully hot , and i ' m almost cross - eyed with desire when he leads me into the master bedroom .
perhaps it was something to do with the open space around her , or the blue vault overhead , or the scent of pine resin from the trees , or just knowing that at last she was free of pursuit , that her uncle no longer had any authority over her .
the taste of wine on his tongue was headier by far than any she had drunk and it was dangerously arousing , like his warmth and the musky scent of his skin .
is not the scent delicious ? '
the room was hot now , the air heavy with the scent of beeswax and flowers and perfume .
the room was hot now , the air heavy with the scent of beeswax and flowers and perfume .
she pressed closer , breathing his scent , revelling in the touch of his skin beneath her hands and the play of muscles across his shoulders .
i was completely seduced by the smoldering look in his eyes , the provocative tone of his voice , the heat of his body , and the mouthwatering scent of his skin .
i breathed him in , absorbing the delicious scent of his skin .
i breathed in the scent of him , feeling the satiny softness of his heated flesh on my tongue .
i nuzzled my cheek against his groin and balls , wanting his scent all over me , marking me as his .
my senses were drenched in him , in his flavor and scent , my mind spinning as i angled my head , seeking a deeper taste .
the delicious and unmistakable fragrance of his soap and shampoo mixed with the scent of his skin , soothing me along with his voice .
his hair tickled my skin as his open mouth slid over my cleavage , his chest expanding as he breathed me in , nuzzling and wallowing in my scent .
i 'd chosen a package designed for seduction , making my skin soft and fragrant with scents purported to have aphrodisiac properties .
i smelled the subtly masculine scent of his skin , and my pulse leaped .
that ominous sign terrified braith as the sweet scent of her blood hit the air .
braith bent closer to her hair , inhaling her sweet scent as he tried to calm himself .
he savored her scent , the feel of her teeth against his skin , the gentle pull of his blood seeping slowly into her system .
the scent of her blood engulfed him ; her heartbeat invaded his body and took over his senses .
she 'd missed it so much , the sweet scent that filled her nostrils ; the cool shade that hid the heat of the sun .
braith lowered his head and inhaled her sweet scent .
something inside of her chest eased , she took a deep breath , inhaling the fresh scent of the crisp water .
aria inhaled the scents of the forest , relishing in them .
he rocked her as the wonderfully sweet scent of her blood washed over him and soothed his mind and body in a way that only she could .
then he 'd leaned in close to inhale the scent of her hair , carried her to his suv , and tucked her safely inside .
the light , feminine scent that clung to her skin , her petite frame , and the overwhelming desire to protect her- he could n't deny the possessive ache that raced through his system .
floral notes and the mouth - watering scent of ripe peaches met her senses , and she smiled .
he liked her scent too , though .
savannah breathed in his warm , male scent and rested her head against the firm plane of his chest .
he stroked himself hard and fast , pumping without mercy as savannah 's scent filled his senses .
her soft skin , her preference to be held in his arms , and the light feminine scent of her skin .
with the scent of her still clinging to his lips and fingers , cole fled to the master bathroom .
he closed his eyes and pulled savannah close , burying his face in her neck , breathing in her scent and trying t to escape the vision of the girl from his mind .
she could smell his manly scent - a mix of his spicy aftershave , a hint of soap and something else that was uniquely cole .
she was hyper - aware of him : his toned forearms , his masculine scent and muscular physique that towered over hers .
once it was just the two of them in the dimly lit hallway , cole could feel the heat from her skin , smell the scent of her shampoo , and see the pulse thrumming in her neck .
she pulled the sheets around her body and snuggled in to his pillow , inhaling his scent with each breath .
he came up behind her , caging her in against the iron railing and nuzzled her neck , breathing in her scent .
the pungent scent of basil and thyme circled the kitchen like smoke from a campfire .
lost in the magic , carol closed her eyes and inhaled the fragrant scent of the wind , the ocean and the night .
the scents of pine and sea drifted over her .
a blur of colors , a wash of inchoate images ; the faint scent of booze on someone 's breath , close , aftershave , male deodorant , male musk ; soft breath on her face , the sound of male grunting above her , flesh against flesh , the wet sucking sounds of sex .
faint cologne , not overpowering , a spicy , male scent , along with deodorant , and that other more indefinable scent of clean man .
faint cologne , not overpowering , a spicy , male scent , along with deodorant , and that other more indefinable scent of clean man .
he was using the opposite hand in her sex as he had used before , and he could smell her musk on his fingers , along with another , darker scent from his pinky .
it was subtle at first , a combination of scents , lotion and perfume and shampoo , woman - scent ... and then a series of sensations , the way her body fit against his , a tickle of hair on his face , and the heat of an intense gaze .
it was subtle at first , a combination of scents , lotion and perfume and shampoo , woman - scent ... and then a series of sensations , the way her body fit against his , a tickle of hair on his face , and the heat of an intense gaze .
it was subtle at first , a combination of scents , lotion and perfume and shampoo , woman - scent ... and then a series of sensations , the way her body fit against his , a tickle of hair on his face , and the heat of an intense gaze .
chase 's arms were wrapped around her , strong and thick and comforting , holding her close to his warmth and spicy male scent , blocking out the world .
standing chest to chest , breathing in his scent and his strength ... nothing had ever felt so much like home .
his face was an inch away from hers , his spicy male scent filling her nostrils , his breath on her neck , his finger now teasing her , tracing the curve of her breast .
jamie took a few deep breaths , taking in his scent , the feel of his muscles under her cheek , his broad male bulk a comforting presence as much as it was a sensual turn - on .
he smelled her : faint shampoo , perfume , sex .
she smelled him first , body wash , cologne , faintly of beer , that male scent and the unique essence of chase , comfort and desire turned olfactory .
he held her close , breathing in the familiar scent of her shampoo and her body lotion and the musk of sex .
the last thing melody was aware of , as she drifted off in a hazy state on the edge of exhaustion , was inhaling logan 's scent , a combination of spicy and earthy , deeply masculine , vaguely scented with whisky , and the distinctive odor of sex , all mingled into a heady mixture that somehow soothed her into a deep sleep .
she was overly aware of the scent of his aftershave , of the warmth of his body .
there were several bouquets of fresh flowers in the room and melody bent to an arrangement , inhaling the sweet scent of the blooms .
the warmth of his body , his scent was comforting , but she was still uneasy , still unsure as to what logan really thought .
she nuzzled against his chest , breathing in the complex scent of his aftershave , clean soap and the underlying scent of logan himself , rich and warm and utterly masculine .
she nuzzled against his chest , breathing in the complex scent of his aftershave , clean soap and the underlying scent of logan himself , rich and warm and utterly masculine .
the scent of his cologne reminded her of the other times she 'd been in his office , the times he 'd touched her .
melody curled against him , the warmth of his body , his scent , all comforting and familiar .
the warmth from his skin made her arm tingle , the scent of him set alight a small fire inside her .
melody rested her cheek against logan 's chest , breathing in the scent of his cologne , his own warmth beneath that .
bouquets of white roses were placed around the room , their rainy scent reaching her .
the scent of their lovemaking rose up around them , as heady as any perfume , making her want him again .
the scent of their lovemaking rose up around them , as heady as any perfume , making her want him again .
his breath on her lips , his scent filling her nostrils .
she knew the scent and warmth of his skin and the feel of him touching her more intimately than she 'd ever allowed anyone else .
she could smell her own musky scent as he nuzzled under her jaw to kiss her neck .
when michelle finally enveloped her in a cloud of perfume and chestnut brown hair and soft bosom , candace held on tight for a second longer than she needed to .
even now , he could still smell the scent of her skin , still taste her on the back of his tongue .
she buried her face in his shirt and inhaled his scent as deep into her lungs as she could .
he held her , breathing in her scent as if it were the antidote to a poison in his veins .
she pushed her arms through the sleeves , inhaling deeply as his scent engulfed her .
and then , because fate was a bitch , he got stuck with the client who was female and pretty and petite and must ' ve worn the same damn perfume as macy ... or maybe her scent was just ingrained in his head forever .
and then , because fate was a bitch , he got stuck with the client who was female and pretty and petite and must ' ve worn the same damn perfume as macy ... or maybe her scent was just ingrained in his head forever .
the scent wafting from the glass she held reached her nostrils , and she took a sip , looking at him in surprise .
the scent had always barely teased him when he was around her , but now , this close , he could get drunk on it .
as he nuzzled against her closely trimmed pubic hair , the scent of her arousal short - circuited his brain .
he could swear her taste and scent sweetened and when he drew his finger out , it was coated in her honey .
missed picking it up and inhaling his scent .
he swallowed around the tightness in his throat as macy moved beside him and her familiar scent filled his nostrils .
he smelled wonderful , the clean , crisp scent of the outdoors - his favorite place to be .
you , on the other hand ... '' god , would he ever inhale enough of her scent ?
that scent , his scent , the one she could never quite get out of her head when she was n't with him , enveloped her .
that scent , his scent , the one she could never quite get out of her head when she was n't with him , enveloped her .
taking her sugary vanilla scent and her quiet reassurance with her , leaving him to face some harsh , cold realities all on his own .
the scents of home were a comfort as she entered the rambling two - story ranch house ; ordinarily , she really looked forward to seeing her parents each week .
her scent engulfed him .
but as she pulled it over her head and freed her hair from the collar , his vaguely citrusy scent enveloped her , and the last of her anger dissipated .
her warm , sugary vanilla scent was still all over him , and if he did n't get it off , he might tear into that room and have a repeat .
it only brought more of her scent .
` ` nah ... i ' m good , '' he muttered , still off balance from the delicate floral notes of her perfume and her sheer allure .
hell , they smelled good together ... his spice and her musk and their sex blending into an intoxicating perfume .
but with him hovering near her , his scent teasing her nostrils , his work gracing her skin ... she turned her face to his and caught those lips with hers .
burying her face in his neck , she breathed in his clean scent .
and she reveled in it , exploring the spice of his scent and the texture of his skin .
that scent they created , the one that was uniquely them .
` ` baby , '' he said into her neck , inhaling her scent and seeming to relax into her .
it was so beautiful at this time of the evening , with the scent of jasmine in the air .
his skin felt hot and damp , his male scent emanating from him and making her aware of his arousal .
combined with his own scent , it went straight to her head .
it complemented his natural scent while giving that tantalizing hint of male , rugged , wood , outdoors and ... sophistication .
she caught a whisper of perfume on his clothing , and was seized by fierce jealousy , no matter how unreasonable the emotion was .
she inhaled deeply , savoring his scent and the taste of him on her tongue .
she snuggled into his embrace , inhaling his spicy scent and his warmth .
she turned her nose toward his neck , inhaling his scent .
he buried his face in her hair and closed his eyes , inhaling her scent , absorbing the sensation of her against his skin .
she did n't say anything and instead buried her head against his shoulder , inhaling his scent .
then if some woman came onto him while wearing some overwhelming perfume , he 'd know she 'd been primed by his answers to the questionnaire .
at the same moment , he registered the aroma of coffee and that scent of baking pie from the last time .
he was within kissing range once again , and the scent of his aftershave made her giddy enough to consider risking it .
although he 'd said he liked the cinnamon she 'd had in the diffuser , he was turned on by heavy , exotic perfumes , the kind that would likely choke her to death .
` ` i ' m thinking of using a patchouli blend in the diffusers at heaven scent for the valentine push .
he 'd start with heaven scent , her favorite boutique .
although she 'd suggested using the new scent in the shop diffusers during the valentine season , she wanted to spend a few hours with it at home before making the final decision .
` ` i ' m trying it out before we introduce it as the background fragrance for heaven scent this month .
the air reverberated with jungle drums , and when he kissed her , he nearly choked on the musky scent she 'd poured on herself .
but she thought this was the perfume he loved , the magic potion that would drive him wild , and she was wearing it just for him .
to her left and behind red door number one was the heaven scent boutique , a sumptuous sensual feast of perfumes and aromatherapy products - jamie 's domain .
to her left and behind red door number one was the heaven scent boutique , a sumptuous sensual feast of perfumes and aromatherapy products - jamie 's domain .
as she walked under his extended arm , she caught the barest scent of his earthy cologne - evergreen and spice .
but it was a public place designed to pique the senses , he noted dryly as they walked past the perfume shop and inhaled some kind of citrusy scent that made him think of faith and eating at the same time - a dangerous combination .
the light floral scent of the perfume she 'd dabbed there sent his erection straining against its confinement .
had jamie picked up on the faint scent of sex in the air and seen her rug - burned knees , or was it perhaps the telltale look of remorse on her face ?
there 's a scent and lotion one , a jewelry one , and the lingerie shop , which is called sheer delights . ''
he closed his eyes and took a deep breath , as if inhaling the scent of the perfume she wore .
he closed his eyes and took a deep breath , as if inhaling the scent of the perfume she wore .
he 'd obviously shaved before picking her up , and when he leaned close to help her don her jacket , she could n't stop a tiny sigh of appreciation at the clean , masculine scent of his skin .
he inhaled her , noting the way her skin smelled of vanilla and the intoxicating scent of aroused woman .
the fresh smell of rain and the coming autumn mingled with his own vital male scent , luring her , and she rubbed her nose into the hollow of his shoulder .
she was so soft and feminine , and her subtle perfume rose to his nos - trils , tempting him to search it out all along her satiny skin .
her hair spilled over his arm in a pale cascade , warm and silky , and he could smell the sweet perfume of female witchery that came from the velvet curves of her breasts .
he lifted her hair away from her neck and bent his head to trail his mouth down the slender column , taking his time , tracing the source of her female scent .
through the smoky smell that clung to her , he could detect the arousing scent of soft woman , warm and luxurious .
he moved to stand behind her , close enough so that his breath stirred the strands of hair at her crown and her evocative scent fired his blood .
` ` no ... '' she protested , lost in the scent of his skin , the warmth of his touch , the taste of his mouth .
she missed the garment immediately , infused as it was with the scent of phoenix 's skin .
her entire face was marked with his scent .
the nights had been torturous , the silk sheets infused with her scent , a lingering redolence that burned through his blood .
enticed by the delectable scent of peach tarts , olivia was suddenly starving .
she leaned forward , burying her face in his shoulder , breathing in the scent of his skin .
your taste flavors my mouth , and your scent clings to my nostrils . ''
to feel these beautifully heavy br**sts in my palm ... to inhale the sweet scent of cinnamon and rose oil in your hair ... your sensuous perfume ... unforgettable , comforting - and yet maddening all at once .
to feel these beautifully heavy br**sts in my palm ... to inhale the sweet scent of cinnamon and rose oil in your hair ... your sensuous perfume ... unforgettable , comforting - and yet maddening all at once .
as she strode past him to speak to a few of the roadies who were loading up the bus , gage got a whiff of her perfume .
her senses were filled with so many scents and frictions .
the marble - lined bathroom was oversized , and yet there was no mistaking the intimacy as the air was soon filled with the scents and steam from the oils swirling in the bubble bath .
the world faded , the crowded sidewalk disappeared , the traffic noises ceased as he buried his face in her hair , breathing deeply , inhaling the scent of the woman that drove him wild , the scent of the woman he loved .
she curled against him , inhaling his masculine scent and the scent of their sex .
she felt her lips curl into a smile as she replayed his hands on her body in the shower , his incredibly gentle and sensuous hands , caressing every inch of her body , the heady scent of the soap , the warmth of the water cascading over them .
he heard the shower start and the scent of the soap and shampoo drifted out .
closing his eyes , he buried his nose in her hair , inhaling the scent of shampoo and beneath that , the scent of kate , a scent he would never grow tired of .
closing his eyes , he buried his nose in her hair , inhaling the scent of shampoo and beneath that , the scent of kate , a scent he would never grow tired of .
closing his eyes , he buried his nose in her hair , inhaling the scent of shampoo and beneath that , the scent of kate , a scent he would never grow tired of .
his hands were sweeping over her body , the scent of the soap enveloping her as his fingers did magic things to her body .
taking another breath , he drew it deep inside his lungs until her scent was all he could smell .
he took another deep breath , knowing her scent would be forever burned into his mind , never forgotten .
the scent of her rising desire wafted over him , more potent than the most expensive perfume .
the scent of her rising desire wafted over him , more potent than the most expensive perfume .
she could smell both beowulf 's and roxie 's scents .
she closed her eyes as she breathed in his scent .
he started walking as a myriad number of scents bombarded him .
he inhaled her sweet scent and felt the fires of hell recede .
he inhaled one last time , absorbing her scent .
he inhaled her clean scent , and the lingering smell of roses tantalized his nose .
he nuzzled against her neck , inhaling her scent and marking her with his teeth .
his taste was as masculine as his scent .
slowly he grazed his fingers up and down her bare arm as he inhaled the scent of her hair just an inch from his nose .
the scent of roses wafted through her nostrils .
drake pulled in a deep , steadying breath , but only managed to fill his lungs with her scent .
the scent of lilac bubble bath filled his nose , and beneath that soothing smell was the much more exciting scent of warm , happy woman .
the scent of lilac bubble bath filled his nose , and beneath that soothing smell was the much more exciting scent of warm , happy woman .
he held her against him and breathed in the scent of her hair .
a heavy glass door leading to a courtyard swung open , letting in the scent of freshly mowed grass and dwindling sunshine .
she could feel them move , smell the fresh scent of forest on his skin .
she breathed in deeply , pulling in his scent .
the scent of her skin calmed him , and he could n't stop himself from smoothing her hair back from her face .
not with the moonlight bathing her skin and the scent of her arousal heavy in the night air .
she smelled the faint scent of sunshine and roses clinging to it .
his scent enveloped her , sliding inside her with every breath she took .
the night air was warm and thick , and filled zach 's lungs with the scent of earth and asphalt .
when he leaned past her , she caught the scent of his skin , warm from the night air .
his spicy scent wrapped around her , making her head spin .
steam from the lasagna wafted up , filling the room with the scent of fresh roasted garlic .
he could smell the sweet , fresh scent of her body and feel the soft cushion of her baby - fine hair on his chest .
he buried his nose against her neck and filled his lungs with her scent .
the place smelled a little musty , but the scent of pine made it tolerable .
she could smell the spice of his skin and a subtler , earthier scent of aroused male swirling in the air around them .
she breathed him in , letting his comforting scent calm her scattered nerves .
she sucked the scent into her lungs , groaning as her hunger came back in full force .
the scent of grief rose up stronger , nearly choking alexander .
the scent of rich , freshly tilled soil wafted around her , though she had no idea how she could see with no eyes or smell with no nose .
as lucien 's senses began working again , he drew in the scent of dust and freshly trimmed grass .
his scent clung to the leather , filling her lungs every time she breathed in .
his scent went to her head , making it spin .
there was nothing flowery about him , not even the smell of soap , just the scent of his skin and the warm peace it brought her to breathe him in .
he could smell the sweet scent of her skin , see her rapid pulse beating in the hollow of her throat .
nika buried her nose against his chest , pulling in the scent of his skin .
the scent of the leather sofa seemed sharper , while the womanly scent of nika 's skin made him break out in a sweat .
the scent of the leather sofa seemed sharper , while the womanly scent of nika 's skin made him break out in a sweat .
a sharp , medicinal scent burned her nose and throat .
andra hugged her hard , breathing in the scent of her little sister 's pale hair .
the scents of tomato plants and herbs filled the greenhouse , calming hope 's frayed nerves .
she kept dragging his scent into her lungs , letting it become a part of her .
certainly not someone who should be thinking about how well hope fit in his arms , or how her scent went to his head , driving away all rational thought .
combined with the sharp scent of her anger , breathing her in was intoxicating .
the smell of cold , fresh air filled her room , along with a darker , more intoxicating scent .
her scent went to his head and the sound of her pounding heart and sighs of need made him feel invincible .
the metallic scent of it filled his nose , making his mouth water .
he 'd swallow it all down , staying sealed to her throat until every trace of scent was licked clean .
he could smell the scent of their bodies mingling , becoming something darker and more intoxicating .
the heavy scent of mourning flooded his nose , and the sight of her tears made something dark and violent writhe in his chest .
` ` your scents cling to each other .
i ' m covered in her scent .
hope lifted her hand and covered her nose and mouth with it , sucking in the scent .
his blood leaked from dozens of bite and claw wounds ; the honeysuckle scent cleansed the stench of this place .
the sweet , calming scent of it rose up , comforting her and ridding her of her shock .
logan could smell her fragile scent filling his head .
hope 's scent lingered in the air , as if she 'd passed this way .
he 'd never again smell the mingling of their scents , melding together so perfectly .
the scent of her skin filled the cab of the truck , making his head spin .
he knew the next time he wore it , he 'd be able to smell her scent clinging to the lining .
all that mattered now was the feel of her in his arms and the scent of her skin , hot from the shower .
the scent of his skin filled the space between them , inflaming her senses even as it calmed her .
light perfume or perhaps the soap on her clothing mingled with the scent of human woman .
light perfume or perhaps the soap on her clothing mingled with the scent of human woman .
his scent sank into her , steadying her rioting nerves and soothing her worry .
jackie 's sweet scent filled his lungs .
he was bathed in her heat , surrounded by her scent .
` ` south , '' he said , pulling the scent deep into his lungs .
* * * the scent of the pregnant woman 's blood slid into ronan 's nose , intoxicating him .
the wind picked up , dragging a hint of her warm , sweet scent to his nose .
if she leaned her head against him like she wanted and breathed in his scent , there was a good chance that she might be able to distract herself from the fact that he could be some raving mad , sword - wielding serial killer who wanted to use her skull as a coffee mug .
the smell of something sweet filled his nostrils , and he kept breathing it in , trying to identify the intoxicating scent .
his scent filled her head , warm and delicious - familiar , though she could n't put her finger on what it was about him that made her feel like she knew him .
cain grabbed hold of it , layering on color and texture , sounds and scents , until the picture he painted was vivid and glowing with promise .
the intoxicating scent of her skin spun around him , the air heated by the growing inferno in his body .
the scent of her skin curled around him , forcing him to combat his visceral reaction to her nearness .
the added heat heightened her scent , making it hard for cain to think straight .
or maybe it was his own need to cling to the scent she 'd left on him that made him feel that way .
he drank her in , reveling in the scent of her skin and the heat sliding out of her .
her scent filled the confined space , tempting him with memories of what they 'd shared .
the scent of something spicy and sweet filled the air , like someone had been baking recently .
that sweet scent was stronger here , pulling her in .
the scent of laundry soap filled her nose , so welcome after the stench of burned demons .
as mom 's scent wrapped around her , the pieces of the puzzle began to click together .
she inhaled the scent clinging to him - spice , tobacco , and a fine port .
the scent clinging to him was delicious , filling her nostrils with sandalwood , musk , and the barest hint of verbena .
immediately the smell of him teased her senses , stronger now , with an underlying unique masculine scent .
the scent of his skin , the exotic blend that was uniquely his , filled her nostrils with every inhalation .
the scent of his skin , now mingled with her fragrance , was as stimulating as always .
her perfume filled the enclosed space .
for a moment , jess closed her eyes and absorbed the feel of his hot , hard body and the beloved scent of his skin .
she laid her cheek against his chest , breathing in the purely masculine scent that cloaked him .
it mixed wonderfully with his personal scent , creating an invigorating and enticing fragrance .
she sucked in a deep breath , intoxicated by his sun - warmed scent .
there was rarely an evening when you did n't smell of sex and a woman 's perfume . ''
she breathed him in , absorbing the soothing scent of sandalwood and musk with that invigorating hint of verbena .
she had already performed this last task at david 's house , tenderly folding away shirts that still faintly carried the scent of his cologne .
having delivered that zinger , so subtly sharp that it slid between roanna 's ribs with barely a twinge , she smiled faintly and walked away , leaving only the miasma of her expensive perfume behind .
there was a heady , faintly musky scent to his skin that made her heart beat faster , and made her want to cling to him .
the texture of her skin was smooth , silky , and carried the sweet warm scent of womanhood .
the rich scent of frying bacon and sausage was in the air , underlaid with that of coffee and the spiciness of chili peppers .
the very scent of the room had changed , as if it had absorbed the inherent sweetness of female flesh , the perfumes and lotions lucinda and roanna had used .
the very scent of the room had changed , as if it had absorbed the inherent sweetness of female flesh , the perfumes and lotions lucinda and roanna had used .
the faint perfume lured him .
a faint scent of cigarette smoke came to her .
she felt dizzy , drunk with arousal , with the heated musky scent of his skin .
she laid her head on his chest , softly breathing in the warm , musky scent of his skin .
he inhaled deeply , taking in the fragrance of her shampoo and the smell of her soap , a scent he now identified as uniquely hers .
the sizzle was loud and the wind carried the scent of charcoal and cooking meat to her nostrils .
she closed her eyes and simply inhaled his scent .
then she breathed in the sweet scent of honeysuckle she so associated with the lake and the kgi compound .
the dark , exotic scent of his heated skin made her feel wild and uninhibited .
his cheek pressed tightly to her temple and the scent of his skin surrounded her , filling her mind along with her name .
or her favorite hand cream , japanese cherry blossom shea cashmere , the smell of which was usually hidden by her perfume ?
burying her face in the soft cotton jersey of his shirt , layla breathed him in - the warm , clean scent of virile male .
his skin was hot and damp to the touch , his scent sifting through her mind like intoxicating smoke .
call him a caveman , but he loved the idea of her wearing his scent .
she absorbed his warmth and breathed in the beloved scent of his skin .
taking a deep breath , ana pulled the much - loved scent of him deep into her lungs , her entire body tingling with awareness .
the scent of his soap filled the air and she swallowed hard , her mouth watering .
the scent of cloves alerted me to adrian 's presence .
flowers of every color bloomed around me , and the air was heavy with the scent of lilacs and roses .
yet the look on his face stayed serious , and he finally nodded , sitting down beside me , letting me smell the sweet scent of leather and aftershave .
a lukewarm breeze , damp with the scent of melted snow , swirled around us .
the scent of vodka was overpowering , but i felt i owed him .
it still held his scent , enfolding her in his presence like an embrace .
inhaled her scent .
he inhaled deeply , taking her scent into his lungs where it swirled , a potent temptation .
he lay back down , gathering her close , inhaling , her warm scent , and trying to control his body when he fit his body protectively around hers .
the inscription of marks also creates a scent in the air of something faintly burned .
the sexy sweet scent that was della .
her scent filled my senses and for a moment the fury eased .
a dark , spicy scent filled the room , and she breathed it in , finding it both arousing and familiar .
she inhaled his scent , the muskiness of sweat and the faint hint of soap from his earlier shower .
i make it to the porch , and the cool dew baptizes me with the scent of night jasmine .
her clean scented perfume lures me in like opium .
her perfume lays over me thick and cloying like strong tea without any sweetness .
her hair still holds the strong scent of solution from mom trying to correct the blunder her former employee proliferated .
the thick scent of roasted coffee lights up my senses .
her heavy - scented perfume creates a toxic cloud in the vicinity , sandalwood mixed with unripe fruit , something just this side of glorified body odor .
the hint of fresh paint lingers in the air - the scent of pine cleaner layered just beneath that .
i take in his scent - memorize the girth of his body entangled with mine .
the thick scent of coffee seduces me with its slightly burnt aroma , and i inhale deeply as i get in line .
her perfume and hairspray launch an assault on my senses and for a moment i lose the ability to breathe .
i open the door , and the scent of perfume and tequila wafts over us , creating an equally intoxicating combination .
i open the door , and the scent of perfume and tequila wafts over us , creating an equally intoxicating combination .
i bury my face in her hair and take in her scent , linen and lilacs .
the student union cafe smells almost as heavenly as starbucks , but misses the mark in both scent and coffee .
they scrub the details out of the fir - lined hillsides and draw the oils from the eucalyptus like perfume straight from the throne of god .
i memorize his touch , take in his scent , fill my ears with every errant sound that emanates from his throat .
it feels uncomfortable being this close to her , smelling that familiar perfume that unloads a truck full of bad memories .
alpha sigma phi holds the slight scent of used socks and beer much like pennington himself , and speak of the devil ... his hair glints in the light , shorn a little too close to his head , but he 's still safely tucked in his polo with the collar upturned , a white sweater lies tied over his shoulders , ensuring no one mistakes him for a gangbanger anytime soon .
the sweet scent of his cologne begs for me to do it .
crickets chirped , and a cool breeze stirred around her , bringing with it the scent of rain .
the smell of books , that wonderful mingling of paper and leather and ink , had been the scent of sanctuary .
the scents of coffee and bacon teased her .
she inhaled deeply , thankful for a breath that did n't bring the scent of garlic with it .
clean and sweet , not the overpowering sweetness of a flowery perfume but something light , tantalizing , and underlying it had been the exciting muskiness that signaled her arousal .
he wanted her real and warm under his hands , her sweet scent fresh in his nostrils as he took her .
his thin nostrils flared like a stallion 's , drawing in her female scent .
fat dripped sizzling into the fire , sending out a wonderful smell to mingle with the yeasty scent of baking bread .
she inhaled his pungent scent , the hot , mingled odors of sweat and blood and man , primitive and dangerous .
there was the smell of sex , sharp and musky , added to the other scents of man and battle .
she inhaled his scent , the musky , unique smell of him , and she realized she could no longer recall how ford had smelled .
she took a deep breath , inhaling all the fresh scents , and with swimming eyes looked at the wide expanse of blue sky .
rika had always loved sailing with ketil and magnus in their little coracle , the sharp scent of the sea and the cries of gulls wheeling overhead .
bjorn leaned closer and inhaled her freshly washed scent .
it was soft and spacious , and even though the cloth retained a bit of his scent , she was grateful to have it .
on her way downstairs , she breathed in the scent of christmas .
he breathed in her scent , a subtle flowery one that he did n't recognize .
that had killed him , because he 'd liked the rumpled sheets that still carried the scent of sex and elle .
but every time he took a breath , he caught a whiff of her sweet perfume - part peach roses , part tyler .
as tyler followed him into the barn , the scent of fresh hay swirling around her was an aphrodisiac more tempting than she could have imagined .
the scent of oiled leather mixed with the aroma of hay .
ah , the scent of heaven - tyler , fully aroused , wanting him as much as he wanted her .
she drew in his musky , masculine scent and imagined she could read his heated thoughts and his desperate attempt to tamp down his desire .
` ` see , this is n't so bad , taking a walk along a country road after a rain , breathing in the fresh scent of pine , listening to the wind in the- '' noise exploded to their left in a wild series of yips and barks before several dark shapes hurtled across the road about twenty feet in front of them .
lying snuggled under covers that carried the scent of lavender and cedar , she allowed herself to admit things that would have been unthinkable a few weeks ago , maybe even a few days ago .
the longer they stood there staring at each other , the more those man - made scents mingled with the heady fragrance of good old - fashioned desire , both his and hers .
the delicious scents left behind by the woman he could n't have assaulted him , but that could n't be helped .
tyler walked with sarah through the living room where the scent of wood smoke lingered from the night before .
the updo seemed sexier than when she wore her hair down , maybe because he imagined pressing his eager lips to the back of her neck , burying his fingers in that glossy hair and coaxing it loose as he breathed in the scent of shampoo and desire .
the scent of freshly brewed coffee greeted her when she returned .
the scent of garlic drifted through the house .
while she might be nice - enough looking , she unfortunately smelled like cheap perfume and stale smoke .
he closed his eyes and concentrated on the tantalizing scent of meat and spices simmering on the stove .
she wore a light rose scent that was actually quite lovely .
he was n't fond of women 's perfumes , but this fragrance seemed to fit her perfectly , without overpowering the senses .
ten from her spot on her towel , gabby inhaled the scent of charcoal , hot dogs , burgers , and chicken wafting on a gentle breeze .
he could smell a trace of jasmine perfume on her , and as they stood holding each other , his senses seemed to come alive .
yesterday , he 'd spent some time brushing her hair ; the day before , he 'd brought in some of her perfume and added a dab to each wrist .
he sniffed before looking up , making sure the face matched the familiar scent , then he turned away .
small gold hoops dangled from each ear , and mike caught the slightest trace of perfume .
he buried his face in her hair , inhaling her scent , as jessica 's arms hung by her side .
but the best part of dancing with her was the almost electrical charge he felt whenever they touched and the smell of her when he twirled her out of his arms , a mixture of heat and perfume .
i opened my eyes and saw a room full of flowers , and their scent motivated me further .
with startling clarity he saw her expression as he 'd fixed her cupboard doors , he heard her laughter echo across the porch , he could smell the faint scent of her shampoo in her hair .
the leaves were brilliant in the slanting sunshine , and the air carried the faint scent of chimney smoke .
she was close now , close enough for me to catch the familiar scent of her perfume .
she was close now , close enough for me to catch the familiar scent of her perfume .
as soon as i pushed through the front door , i caught the aroma of bacon wafting from the kitchen , a scent that reminded me of our earlier life .
i pictured her moving slowly toward the bed and bringing the bouquet to her face , inhaling its heady scent .
the air carried the familiar scent of pine and salt , an odor unique to the low country .
the temperature had cooled slightly , and in the breeze , i caught a scent of jane 's perfume .
the temperature had cooled slightly , and in the breeze , i caught a scent of jane 's perfume .
as she approached , i caught a whiff of her new perfume , but when i leaned in to kiss her , she pulled away before i got close .
above me , the stars were out in full , and the air was fresh with the earthy scent of the low country .
the breeze was chilly , but it had none of the arctic bite of new york , and he took a deep breath , enjoying the scent of pine and sweetgrass .
as she leaned over , he caught a flowery trace of the perfume she was wearing .
again , he caught a trace of her perfume , and a moment later , the article was in front of him .
the sunday afternoon stews , the sun - dried scent of sheets on the bed , the slightly stuffy smell of the ancient rocker where her grandfather had relaxed for years .
when he took a seat beside her , he could smell the sweet , floral scent of the shampoo she 'd used .
birds have begun their morning calls , and the air is perfumed with the scent of pine and earth ; different from the brine and salt of my hometown .
it was almost sisterly , but her lips were soft and the scent of her engulfed me , lingering even after she pulled back .
i pulled her closer , breathing in her scent .
the house had a musty , almost moldy odor , but i could still smell the scent of my dad on his pillow .
she wore the lightest trace of perfume , one i could n't place , but it made me think of paris , even though i 'd never been there .
with the sun hanging low , the air had none of the sultry humid heat of the coast , and i caught the scent of conifers drifting down from the mountains .
the dew on the grass moistened the tips of my shoes , and i caught the scent of conifers once more .
katie took a sip , feeling inordinately pleased about everything : how she looked and felt , the taste of the wine , the lingering scent of the raspberry sauce , the way alex kept eyeing her while trying not to be obvious about it .
he breathed in her scent .
katie could smell perfume in the air .
he could still catch a whiff of the perfume she 'd worn , theone he 'd bought her for christmas .
he loved the scent of jasmine shampoo in her hair and the way her handnestled so perfectly in his ; the way their every touch was charged with delicious anticipation , as if they weresomehow saving themselves for each other .
bringing it to his nose , he was still able to discern the scent of the lotion she often wore .
she 'd made the bed , and when he peeled back the cover , he could smell her scent in the sheets .
booths displaying arts and crafts lined either side of the street , and the air was thick with the scent of hot dogsand burgers , popcorn and cotton candy .
she probably sang to herself in the shower while he 'd beencrying and remembering the perfume he 'd bought her for christmas , and none of it mattered because she wasselfish and thought she could throw a marriage away , like an empty pizza box .
that was what mattered , and i could ignore the scent of alcohol and smoke wreathing him .
the scent of clove cigarettes hung around him .
i still caught the lingering scent of cloves , but after what i 'd put him through , he was entitled to his vices .
she remembered wrapping herself up in the warm quilts , surrounded by the scent of finn .
finn wrapped his arms around her and breathed in the fresh scent of her .
the tables were burnished mahogany and held endless vases of exotic blooms , their scent curling into the air in sensual abandon .
he drank deep , drowning in her taste as the scent of strawberries and flowers swam in his head .
she caught the scent of soap , musk and man .
her musky scent greeted his nostrils .
he lowered his mouth and ran his tongue down the line of her ass , nibbling on the high curves as her arousal and the scent of strawberries mixed in the air .
the heady scent of sex and musk and strawberries hung heavily in the air .
her sweetness swam in his head and he breathed in her scent one last time .
the familiar scents of exotic perfume , musk , and money drifted in the air .
the familiar scents of exotic perfume , musk , and money drifted in the air .
his body heat and the delicious scent of lemon and spice rose to her nostrils .
her scent rose to his nostrils , and the thud of her heart beat steadily against his ear .
the scents of savory steak and herbs rose to her nostrils .
he caught the sweet scent of soap on her damp hands as she freed him from his restraints and rubbed his sore muscles .
the scent of man , musk , and arousal rose to her nostrils she studied his face carefully , but no resentment or embarrassment glimmered .
the earthy scent of him filled her head , and her control slipped under her lust for more .
enticed by the delectable scent of peach tarts , olivia was suddenly sylvia day - bad boys ahoy !
a hint of perfume reached his nose , delicate and haunting .
keeping a smile on his face , he tried to clamp down his body 's reaction , but her perfume winding around him and the curve under his hand stopped it .
warmth and the scent of his cologne , sharp citrus and sandalwood , surrounded her .
the scent of her perfume was stronger here , warmed by her skin , and her pulse fluttered beneath .
the scent of her perfume was stronger here , warmed by her skin , and her pulse fluttered beneath .
he leaned his head closer to me and i took a deep breath , enjoying his scent .
unfortunately , that meant inhaling more of his delicious scent .
i inhaled his scent and fought my urge to close the distance .
a dozen memories came at him , gift - wrapped in the scent of his parents ' beach at low tide .
he breathed in her familiar scent - ivory soap and lemons .
like a dash of spice in a complex recipe , there was the barest tang of the sea ; a scent only a local would recognize .
her sister was so close ... she smelled of expensive perfume , gardenias , maybe .
he exuded a sweet , musky scent .
the whoosh of the waves ... the hoot of a barn owl , not too far away ... the scent of her grandmother 's roses , climbing up trellises on the side of the house .
if he smelled of another woman 's perfume , that hand - span between you could feel like the north atlantic .
the first thing she noticed was the sweet scent of the roses and the salty tang of the sea .
in the shower ; with the sweet , citrusy scent of her mother 's favorite shampoo all around her ; or holding the babies she prayed someday to have .
their flickering flames released the sweet scent of hand - dried lavender .
once again , the scent of lavender enfolded him in its sweetness .
alexandra groaned beneath his touch , reveling in the musky sandalwood scent that encompassed him while his fingers danced gently across her br**sts .
not a surface remained without a bouquet of flowers upon it - a myriad of scents all clamoring for attention . ''
the air was pleasantly warm and filled with the sweet scent of honeysuckle .
he was so close to her that she could breathe in his scent .
he kissed her chin and then her neck , inhaling the sweet scent of her lilac perfume while his hand moved up her side to rest beside her breast .
he kissed her chin and then her neck , inhaling the sweet scent of her lilac perfume while his hand moved up her side to rest beside her breast .
instead , she sat down , leaned a bit closer , and tried desperately to ignore his scent , a rich perfume of sandalwood .
instead , she sat down , leaned a bit closer , and tried desperately to ignore his scent , a rich perfume of sandalwood .
he led her toward the conservatory , where the humid air was filled with the scent of wet soil .
a rich scent of roses wrapped itself around him as she lingered , and there was something about the intimacy of the moment that sent his heart racing in his chest while a rich , velvety heat surged to his groin .
besides , it was a task that would keep her mind away from william , his close proximity , and his oh so intoxicating scent of sandalwood .
she nuzzled her face against his chest , inhaling the rich , musky scent of him .
she savored the first burst of musk and inhaled his masculine scent .
he mounted the stairs and she buried her face against his neck , inhaling his scent , allowing his warmth and strength to envelope her .
her palms stroked over his firm muscles and taut flesh and then she hugged him to her , buried her nose against his neck and inhaled his scent .
he pulled her in close , breathed in the scent of her hair , just like he always used to do , and then he nudged her chin up so he could take her mouth .
she kissed his neck , inhaled his masculine scent , let it surround her and dance through her nostrils .
she inhaled his scent , closed her eyes as his pulse beat against her lips .
there was a nip in the air and she breathed deeply , enjoying the scent of smoke either from burning leaves or perhaps a nearby chimney .
in the elevator , rushing down to the casino level floor , she nestled closer to cole 's side , enjoying his scent and the natural warmth that radiated from his body .
you 're long and thick , rigid with arousal and your musky scent surrounds me .
the steady rhythm of his heartbeat faintly against her temple , and she inhaled his scent , savoring and holding it before finally exhaling .
as she wiggled her body to move closer so she could lean , he caught a whiff of her perfume .
the man was tall and muscled and he took over her space to the point that with every inhale , his scent was permanently imprinted on her .
a whisper of charcoal danced through her nostrils and it blended with his natural masculine scent until she wanted to lick him to see if his skin tasted as good as he smelled .
he sighed his own contentment as he moved to her other breast and inhaled her scent .
he curled his arms around her and held her against him , inhaling the sweet scent of her hair .
she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent and savored the feeling of warmth she 'd been denied for so long .
he moved back in , crowding her , stepping between her legs so that his heat and delicious scent enveloped her .
she inhaled , holding and savoring his scent as she laid her head against his chest .
he inhaled her scent , holding it and savoring her natural sweetness with the musky scent of their passion .
he inhaled her scent , holding it and savoring her natural sweetness with the musky scent of their passion .
she inhaled deeply , holding his scent , letting it wash through her quivering nostrils .
he pressed his lips to angelina 's temple and breathed in the scent of her hair .
it was n't really needed at this time of year , but something sweet had been added to the wood to fill the room with a much more attractive scent than the overpowering and unpleasant stench balan recalled from the last time he 'd entered .
as she slipped out of the room , he lay back to await her return , then scowled as the scent of onions immediately became stronger .
mornings with sunshine and the scent of fresh coffee and a hello kiss .
she felt the heat of him , inhaled the tangy , spicy scent of his aftershave and scrambled to a seated position .
he leaned his forehead against hers , her hair whispering against his face , and breathed in the sweet feminine scent of her .
i want to bury my nose in his neck and inhale , get closer to that delicious scent .
it 's a scent i instantly decide could be bottled and sold .
the soft , feminine scent of avery distracts me .
his eyes grow serious and he leans in toward me , his unique scent of cologne and fabric softener greeting me .
yet it 's impossible not to notice that her mouth does n't fit against mine like avery 's , that she smells different , that she wears too much perfume .
we climb into the car and as soon as the doors are shut , his familiar scent washes over me .
i lean into avery , breathing in her scent and whisper , ` ` sleepover at my place ? ''
the succulent scent of the roasted meat nearlyhad her swooning with pleasure and longing , but she knewpositively thatthere was no way the food would fit intoher presently constricted stomach .
gerard breathed a deep sigh of satisfaction , an action which inundated his senses with her lush scent of some exotic flower .
he tossed his arm over her shoulders and pulled her close , breathing in the exotic floral scent that was both familiar and stirring .
sucking in a deep breath , she was inundated with the familiar scent of him .
he set his hands atop her shoulders , and it took only a moment for his touch to heat her skin , and his scent to reach her nostrils .
one whiff of her perfume , and he would be hard , no doubt .
the landau ride was a bit better , as the open top helped to dissipate the scent of exotic flowers .
her scent appealed to him so deeply , he wished he could lay amongst satin sheets infused with it .
he stepped into her room , and she could not help but breathe in his scent as he walked by .
isabel supposed she should be grateful that he did not come to her reeking of sex and perfume , as pelham had done on several occasions .
he leaned closer , resting one hand against the jamb , surrounding her with his scent and hard body .
she remembered every occasion where she had been forced to sit across from one of them at a social function or to smell their perfume on her husband 's skin .
her perfume was cloying , a musky scent he had once found attractive and now found sadly lacking .
her perfume was cloying , a musky scent he had once found attractive and now found sadly lacking .
her husband was bathing away the scents of his carnal exertions and she sat here , morose and guilty .
she gasped , her unbound hair falling over his face and shoulders , drowning him in her scent .
the scent of her mixed with sex was intoxicating .
he dropped the cloth , and embraced her waist , his face buried between her br**sts where the scent of her was so strong .
he smelled wonderful , the bergamot that scented his soap diminished by the primitive scent of his sweat and the recent bout of sex .
it was the sounds of industrious servants in the bathing chamber that first raised gerard 's eyelids , but it was the scent of sex and exotic flowers that raised the rest of him .
her subsequent inhale filled her lungs with his luscious scent .
time passed and he lost track of it , lost in the sultry scent of his wife and the masculine satisfaction derived from being so thoroughly admired .
the soft touch affected him strangely , as did her scent , which was so soft it was a mere hint in the cool night air .
the soft scent of her perfume mixed with the scents of evening flowers , and he longed to bask in it , roll around a bed in it .
the soft scent of her perfume mixed with the scents of evening flowers , and he longed to bask in it , roll around a bed in it .
the soft scent of her perfume mixed with the scents of evening flowers , and he longed to bask in it , roll around a bed in it .
i doubt i would be able to sleep a wink with that scent all over my bed linens .
he was drunk on her scent , her response , the way she arched upward into his embrace and then shrank back , frightened .
languid from exhaustion and the warmth of the bath , it took him precious moments to register the scent of a foreign perfume as she bent over him , then the re - opening of the door ... what in- ... just before an equally foreign hand thrust into the water and wrapped around his cock .
languid from exhaustion and the warmth of the bath , it took him precious moments to register the scent of a foreign perfume as she bent over him , then the re - opening of the door ... what in- ... just before an equally foreign hand thrust into the water and wrapped around his cock .
he pressed his cheek to hers and breathed deeply , inhaling her scent .
his half - drunken brain was inundated with the warmth of her slender body , the soft scent of her , and the voice he loved .
` ` enchanted , '' he said in a tone made husky by the effect of her perfume and attentions .
consumed with fever for her , he buried his face in the fragrant valley between her br**sts , pulling the scent of her into his blood with deep desperate breaths .
gerard stood and walked slowly about the room , searching out pockets of exotic floral scent in the air .
parting the ends of her gown , gerard nuzzled his cheek against the satin skin of her thigh and breathed in her scent , calming the emotion that overwhelmed him .
the fiery skeins of her dark hair were spread across the aubusson rug , releasing the heady scent that intoxicated him .
she was very aware of his nearness , could feel the pressure of his leg along her own , his breath on her face , the scent of him in her nose , and the memory of their shared kiss when last she 'd played beth was now crowding her mind .
i opened my mouth to respond when the smell of intense old lady perfume wafted over me .
mrs . murphy , one of the ladies in the church who grana always said needed to wear more make - up to cover up her bags and less perfume because she was polluting the atmosphere , stopped in front of me and held out her hands .
mrs . murphy 's habit of bathing in cheap perfume caused a headache with up - close contact .
i leaned in and caught a small whiff of the raspberry scent .
pulling her tighter against my chest , i inhaled the sweet , subtle scent of her shampoo and closed my eyes .
pushing the window open , i stepped inside the room and the sweet smell of her perfume filled the room .
he pushed away the troubling thoughts and rolled down the window , breathing in the earthy scent of pine and brackish water as the road wound among the trees .
over his shoulder , the fog on the river had begun to lift , and breathing deeply , he caught the living scent of salt and pine .
a southerly breeze settled in , bringing with it the scent of open water , and amanda closed her eyes , giving herself over to the moment .
the sun reemerged from behind a cloud , and amanda could feel its warmth dispersing the perfumed scent that surrounded her .
she shook it out over the bed , then went around the room lighting candles that gave off pungent , heady scents .
it was dark as twilight and adam was holding her and she could smell his scent of autumn leaves and ocean wind .
lavender , lily of the valley , and jasmine were throwing such sweet scents into the air that cassie felt giddy .
faye moved in beside her , bringing a scent of sweet , musky perfume .
faye moved in beside her , bringing a scent of sweet , musky perfume .
cassie dabbed perfume behind her ears - not magnet oil but simply attar of roses - and tossed her scented hair back .
the next thing she knew , she could smell wood smoke and ocean breeze , along with a faint , indefinable scent of animal and oak leaves .
she froze as he pressed his face against her neck , breathing in her scent .
he held her cradled in his arms for several minutes , breathing in her scent , sniffing her like he might eat her .
it struck him as odd that she would make up a story , but perhaps she was embarrassed about smelling up his chamber with that odd scent .
philippa leaned closer , giving connor a waft of delicate perfume and what he guessed was an intentional look down the front of her bodice .
the light scent of lilies filled his nose , making him long to smell it on her bare skin .
he held ilysa 's lithe body against his and closed his eyes as he breathed in the scent of her hair , wanting this moment to last forever .
between her cloying perfume and her arms clenched around his neck , she choked him all the way up the steps .
he breathed in the familiar scent of lilies and held her .
sadness filled him as he breathed in the familiar scent of lilies in her hair .
she inhaled his scent and felt the steady , reassuring beat of his heart against her cheek .
a light floral scent wafted up as soon as the lid flapped over .
he inhaled her scent and held it there , just wanting to savor the fact that she was okay .
they get sprayed with super scent , '' she said .
i brushed my hair and teeth and put on some lip gloss and the smallest possible dab of perfume .
i took out my cannula so i could smell better , breathing him in and breathing him out , the scent fading even as i lay there , my chest burning until i could n't distinguish among the pains .
the scent of hunan shrimp mingled with citrus in the air as she peeled an orange to go with her dinner .
the tang of his cologne , a crisp lime scent , teased her senses , and she could see the fine lines at the corners of his eyes .
the breeze carried her incredible scent .
her scent filled his nostrils and her warmth drew him like a fire does a shipwrecked sailor .
the scent fresh of male sweat emanated from him .
she had to lean close to be heard , close enough to smell the unique scent of his body mingling with his tangy cologne .
the office suite was dark and deserted , but for a second adam thought he caught a whiff of lauryn 's perfume .
his scent filled her nostrils and his nearness addled her nerves .
a delicious tomato - and - garlic scent filled the air .
she 'd never felt this cramped even with four clients packed inside and had never been as conscious of anyone 's scent as she was the subtle hint of his cologne .
his heat , his tangy scent and his sheer physical presence overwhelmed her .
her mother stalked away leaving a cloud of armani diamonds perfume behind .
she inhaled deeply and his tangy scent filled her lungs .
her perfume , a light , floral scent , teased him .
her perfume , a light , floral scent , teased him .
the scent of her arousal combined with her perfume , and his groin engorged in appreciation .
the scent of her arousal combined with her perfume , and his groin engorged in appreciation .
her scent , a combination of her leather riding apparel , the outdoors and a trace of flowers invaded his nostrils and sank heavily to his groin .
her scent wafted up to him , floral , but faint enough he suspected it might be her shampoo rather than perfume .
her scent wafted up to him , floral , but faint enough he suspected it might be her shampoo rather than perfume .
gage 's scent mingled with hers in her nostrils .
he covered her mouth with his , savoring her soft lips , her taste , her flowery scent .
he buried his face in her curls , savoring her scent in his nose and the taste of her arousal on his tongue .
funny , she 'd forgotten the scent and taste of a jaw she 'd kissed .
fighting to keep from following through , he drew in a ragged breath and her lemony scent filled his nostrils .
even after hours of similar contact on the rides , his strength and the combined scents of his cologne and his leather jacket filled her nose and hit her with a death drop of want like she 'd never before experienced .
she inhaled and his scent filled her nose .
yet , an inner calm settled over him , surrounded by the fresh scent of pine and the chatter of people involved in the excitement of the holidays .
she picked her way past giant , perfect trees - the sharp scent of pine mixing with the wind .
he smelled of spruce and coffee , a delicious scent that mixed in the air .
right now , with her hand in his , and the delicious scent of strawberry shampoo from her hair , and the warmth in her face , he wanted nothing to change .
the delicious scents of coffee and male hunger rose to her nostrils , and isabella realized she wanted him .
the delicious scent of lemon and soap teased her nostrils .
tawny locks teased his cheek and he caught the scent of fresh strawberries .
the delicious scents of vanilla and spice drifted to his nostrils .
halfway drunk on her scent and taste , he tossed the slip on the floor and sucked in his breath .
but just then her mother came in from the back of the house , fastening an earring and wafting perfume .
it had the scent of freshly peeled lemon .
she stood looking at the fresh haircuts of the guys , the brand - new clothes of the girls , smelling the scents of too much perfume and unnecessary aftershave and feeling more alone than she ever had in her life .
she stood looking at the fresh haircuts of the guys , the brand - new clothes of the girls , smelling the scents of too much perfume and unnecessary aftershave and feeling more alone than she ever had in her life .
the girl leaned over him , one hand on the back of his chair , and cassie caught the scent of some heady perfume .
the girl leaned over him , one hand on the back of his chair , and cassie caught the scent of some heady perfume .
suzan smelled of perfume , and when she kissed cassie 's cheek , cassie felt sure she left a smudge of cherry - colored lipstick .
on her other side , faye smelled of some heady , tropical perfume .
dizziness from faye 's perfume swept over her .
the scent of jasmine filled the air , and she sighed .
silence mingled with the scent of all those floral arrangements .
slowly , she relaxed against his chest , drawn by the now - familiar scent of his aftershave , the steady thud of his heart beneath his starched shirt .
his musky scent encircled her , insulating her from the fiery aftermath .
ashley pivoted away from the windows to the room filled with the beauty and scent of fresh - cut flowers in crystal vases .
with his heartbeat under her ear and his musky scent all around her , the queen - size bed only five feet away seemed too enticing .
he skimmed his lips over her temple , the warm scent of his aftershave teasing her senses .
he held the door open , her chanel perfume tempting his nose .
yeah , he knew a lot about his soon - to - be ex , like what scents she chose .
melting into the familiar feel of him , marianna inhaled the spicy scent of his armani aftershave , rich with whispers of how often she 'd inhaled the same smell as it rode the steam of his morning shower .
her body reacted through instinct to the familiar heat of him , the scent of his aftershave , the strength of his touch .
it proved to be a tough enough job already with her exotic perfume scenting the breeze , reminding him of times that same scent clung to their sheets .
it proved to be a tough enough job already with her exotic perfume scenting the breeze , reminding him of times that same scent clung to their sheets .
the scent of mountain air and her perfume still clung to his senses .
the scent of mountain air and her perfume still clung to his senses .
even sophie 's sweet scent remained in her memory long past when it faded from the room - baby detergent mingled with mild soap .
inhaling the scent of his aftershave , tasting his mouthwash on his tongue , she savored the feel of his mouth against hers , familiar , yet with an edge of something new and exciting .
she breathed in the familiar scent of his aftershave mixed with a hint of edward 's baby powder freshness .
the bloom 's sweet scent mingled with the ocean breeze carrying the voices of the happy guests .
the scent of strong perfume made nina sneeze .
he angled closer , the fresh scent of his aftershave teasing her nose .
her sweet weight and baby - shampoo - fresh scent tugged at her heart with a reminder of just how important this meeting was to both of their futures .
the scent of furniture polish and fresh - cut flowers coated the air thickly .
but her soft skin and light vanilla scent along with the pooling gratitude in her eyes had him downright itchy .
she clutched her bouquet , the floral scent teasing her with romanticism , and she opened her eyes .
she plucked a rosebud from the bouquet , releasing a fresh whiff of the fragrant perfume .
she peeked under a polished cover and found a steak and lobster dinner , the scent of warm melted butter steaming lightly upward .
the spicy soap scent of him stirred around her in the breeze , reminding her of the moment when she 'd first met him and his voice stroked her senses as , temptingly , his mouth moved on hers .
her vanilla - sweet scent tempted him to skim his knuckles down her cheek .
she leaned closer for another grape , her vanilla perfume drifting over him .
dragging in breaths between frenzied kisses , she inhaled the scent of his aftershave , gloried in the scratch of his rougher cheek against her skin .
other senses heightening , she inhaled the tangy scent of him mixed with the musk of desire .
a marriage they 'd consummated , the scent and feel of him still lingering under her satin gown .
the dusk of night sealing them in darkness , heightening his other senses as he inhaled her vanilla scent mixed with the musk of sexy want .
phoebe rested her cheek against nina 's head and inhaled the sweet scent of baby shampoo , watching her mother - in - law lift out a brass cornucopia .
the scent of his aftershave mingled with the salty air , swirling inside her like dreams of their future unfolding .
he leaned in closer until she could n't miss the musky scent of him mixed with his still - familiar aftershave .
his wild and fresh nature scent was the same sort evoked by a literary walk through thoreau 's walden .
she remembered what it was like to be kissed by jonah , and as nerve tingling as it felt to be pressed against him , to inhale the scent of him , this was n't right .
she leaned closer , her shower - fresh scent , the tropical perfume of her shampoo , teasing him .
she leaned closer , her shower - fresh scent , the tropical perfume of her shampoo , teasing him .
the historic hacienda appeared to have had a recent makeover , the scent of fresh paint mingling with the light fragrance of a potted crepe myrtle nearby .
tracing lazy circles on his bare chest , she stared out the open double doors , the fresh air swirling the scent of jonah and a hint of chlorination she would forever find arousing .
he swept her hair back and cradled her head , the subtle scent of tulips mixing with the tangy salt air and the essence of her .
but oh , my , how the shower - fresh scent of him chased away the nauseating air of beer , sweat and memories .
she skimmed her fingers over his dusting of light brown hair and pressed a kiss to his forehead , breathing in the sweet perfume of baby shampoo and powder .
four hank stood so close to gabrielle he could smell the lavender scent on her skin , on her hair .
he laughed along with her even though she was killing him with images of her soaked under the spray , and he found the sweet scent of her anything but calming .
she inhaled the fresh roast scent steaming upward .
he rested his chin on the top of her head , breathing in the scent of lavender and pure gabrielle .
the billowy soft bed , the jazz music and the scent of hank clinging to her dress stirred her already hyperaware senses .
gabrielle bolted upright in bed , the scent of leather still lingering from her dream .
savory scents of something italian filled the air until she salivated for everything in the room , the food and the man .
the scent of oregano and thoughtfulness clung to him .
she wanted to live in the moment , just the two of them , the scent of her lavender soap mixing with his aftershave .
she squealed , pulling out one bottle , then the next , digging her way through the bag filled with different scents and bathing accessories with obvious joy .
instead , hank had paid attention to her needs , to the scent she wore .
she smelled like lavender and gabrielle , the scent so familiar now he could taste her on his tongue .
the lavender scent of her clung to the sash , filling him with each labored breath he dragged in .
the scent of salt and brine rode on the mist from the ocean , a vaguely primordial smell .
a strong breeze was blowing , carrying with it the scent of salt and pine , as ronnie stepped off the porch and headed toward will .
she brought her face close to his , and he caught the scent of sand and sea on her skin .
he had n't known kelly was behind him until he 'd detected the scent of her perfume .
his warmth , the clean masculine scent of his body , the sensual fragrance of his cologne , and the penetrating gray eyes that appeared to see everything , miss nothing .
everything that was ryan blackstone seeped into her at that moment : his height , the breadth of his shoulders , his penetrating eyes that saw everything , his haunting scent , his deep , drawling baritone voice and the virility that made him so confidently male .
he lingered over her head longer than was necessary , inhaling the fragrance of her perfume .
the scent claimed a subtle clean freshness bursting with a warm feminine sensuality .
his mother died after a long illness the year he 'd turned fourteen , and although he could recall a lot of things about julia blackstone , it was her perfume that he remembered most .
trying not to think of the man waiting in her parlor , she patted her body dry , moisturized her skin with a perfumed cream , dotted a matching scent at her pulse points , then slipped into her underwear and dress .
ryan 's sensitive nostrils caught the scent of her rising passion , and he stared at the sensuality parting her full lips and dilating her pupils .
it intensified the natural masculine scent and the sensual fragrance of his cologne .
the scent of a familiar cologne wafted in her nostrils .
the odor of their lovemaking blended with the perfume and cologne on their bodies .
i can smell her perfume , something floral and delicate .
as i feel the familiar wave of shame wash over me , i catch the scent of her perfume once more .
as i feel the familiar wave of shame wash over me , i catch the scent of her perfume once more .
when the wind shifted , sophia caught the scent of conifer and oak .
the scent of evergreen was stronger here , reminding her of the holidays .
when she jumped into my arms , she smelled of salt and brine and the wind itself , a scent i have forever associated with her and that particular weekend .
she tucked her face into his neck , inhaling his scent , and as she did , she felt desire flooding her body in a way she had never experienced before .
no water ... no water ... ruth leans toward me , so close i can smell the delicate rose notes of her perfume .
he raised them both to his lips , holding them to his face , inhaling her scent .
chapter three in loose cotton pants and a tank she considered suitable only for sleeping , cybil followed the life - affirming scent of coffee toward the kitchen .
she took another breath , this one loaded with the scent of peonies rioting pink in someone 's front garden .
some of cal 's blooms were fragrant , so their perfume fluttered in the air while dappled sunlight played over the ribbon of the creek .
soothing , he thought , the sounds , the scents , the scene .
there were always candles or flowers or those girly dishes of petals and scent there .
he let his eyes close , let himself steep in her scent .
it was all familiar now , the sounds , the scents , the way .
i am surrounded by his musky male scent and his muscular arms .
and then the familiar taste , scent and softness of her flooded him with heat , desire and memories .
even with the back of her chair separating their bodies she could feel the heat radiating from him and smell his delicious scent .
his scent and warmth reached out to her , and she had to fight the urge to turn and lay her head against his chest .
close enough that her hair tickled his chin and her scent filled his lungs .
he rested his chin on her crown and let the flowery scent of her shampoo fill his nostrils with every breath .
her scent lingered in his office long after she left , and he heard every movement she made on the other side of the wall dividing her workspace from his .
his heat and scent enfolded her , but she righted herself and smoothed the spot where her pen had touched his suit coat , checking for a stain .
she inhaled a shaky breath and his familiar scent confirmed the identification .
the crisp aroma of his cologne had faded and a more masculine , more alluring scent had taken its place .
by the sound of his step and the scent of his cologne she knew who had entered the living room behind her without looking over her shoulder .
but his flavor filled her mouth and his musky scent invaded her lungs .
the patio glowed in the flickering light of the dozen pewter pole torches surrounding the area , and the scents of citronella oil and the sweet aroma of the butterfly bushes mingled in the humid night air .
she splayed a hand over his pounding heart and lost herself in the baby - soft cotton fabric of his shirt , in the strength of the muscle - packed body against hers and in the flood of his scent , his heat , his flavor .
every area he 'd touched made its presence known and his scent still clung to her skin , filling her nose with each breath.like a true gentleman he rose and pulled out a chair for her beside a happily babbling , food - stuffing rhett .
the scent of mitch 's favorite gourmet brew filled the air .
he planted a kiss on the kid 's forehead and inhaled his fresh - from - the - bath scent .
his body heat and his scent engulfed her .
did hallucinations have a scent ?
the cinnamon and brown sugar scent made her mouth water .
he stopped in front of her close enough for the morning breeze to carry her scent to his nostrils .
not the pricy perfume she used to dab on interesting places .
his scent filled her nostrils ; the slightly salty taste of him pervaded her mouth and his deep thrusts filled her body .
but getting lost in nadia 's scent , the softness of her skin , the wet heat of her body and her brain - twisting kisses did n't feel like work .
she shifted on the bed , flashing him a glimpse of inner thigh and stirring the scent of their lovemaking in the air .
very faintly , cassie thought she caught the warm , spicy scent of cinnamon .
she breathed in the scent for a moment , then placed the green candle on the road .
the circle of candles was pretty ; seven tongues of flame leaping and dancing in the night air ; seven scents mingling into one delicious composite fragrance .
his seed flooded my walls and his fingers rolled my nipple , his hand across my mouth smelling of my musk , mingling with the dank scent of the airliner bathroom .
the atmosphere is overflowing with the scent of sweat and there are a few girls dancing on the kitchen counters .
i burrow my face in her neck , smelling the scent of her hair , vanilla mixed with something that 's only her .
i rest my head against him , breathing in his comforting scent .
she rests her head on my chest and i play with her hair , breathing in her vanilla scent .
suddenly , long arms encircle my waist and the scent of him fills my chest .
i feel someone move up behind me and they smell of desire mingled with an earthy scent and something mouthwatering .
i lean back into him , comfortable , and breathe in his familiar scent .
he tastes like cigarettes mingled with mint and the scent of his cologne is intoxicating .
i rest my chin on top of her shiny black hair , scent her perfume , and suddenly i am crying too , which scares me a lot .
if you make her show up when i open - i smell a woman 's perfume .
she gets up from her desk and hugs me in a cloud of her perfume and perfectness .
his scent soothes through me , and i feel like i ' m home .
his scent washes over me , musky and minty , and i almost break down crying on the spot .
i can hear his heart beating up through his chest , his heat caressing me , his special jake scent soothing me .
there 's no trace of perfume on him , or any womanly scent of any kind , but then what does that account for anyway .
there 's no trace of perfume on him , or any womanly scent of any kind , but then what does that account for anyway .
his scent permeates the air .
his special jake scent .
it 's not just the perfume , it 's her .
the scent takes me back years .
the scent and heat envelop me .
grunts and groans emit from jake , the scent of our unrestrained sex flowing into me with every ragged breath i take , driving me closer to the edge of another orgasm .
i nearly breathe a sigh of relief to have her and her cheap perfume out of my face .
i close my eyes , revelling in the feel of him , intoxicated by his special jake scent .
i inhale her scent , needing to be close to her .
steam was creeping out along the edges of the door and she could smell the spicy scent of his soap as he showered .
he was standing so close to her that she could feel the heat coming off of his naked chest and his warm , musky scent enveloped her .
` ` hmmm ... '' she moaned , inhaling his warm , clean scent with visible pleasure .
she sighed and melted into his hard body , enjoying the warm , spicy scent of him .
she had poured him a drink and brushed close to him , and he had smelled the sweet scent of her skin that always clung to their sheets , the scent that had been maddeningly absent from the hotel linens .
she had poured him a drink and brushed close to him , and he had smelled the sweet scent of her skin that always clung to their sheets , the scent that had been maddeningly absent from the hotel linens .
he had noticed that serenity , and the feminine scent of her , from the very first day when he had hired her as his secretary .
in bed he could kiss her and smooth his hands over her , wrap himself in her scent and touch .
slade turned his face in to breathe her scent , his lips scraping across her cheek and chuckled .
he would just rub his nose all over and keep that spicy , feminine scent with him all f**king day long .
rafe sat on her other side , both men far too close , but she felt so comfortable in the soft velvet , surrounded by their heat and the musky spice of their exotic scents .
she loved the way he tasted and the clean masculine scent he gave off .
he breathed her in , letting her scent fill his lungs .
piper let the spicy scent of the hot tea fill her senses .
he sighed as though the scent of her settled something deep inside him .
he 'd grown addicted to the citrusy scent of her .
he rubbed his nose along her p**sy , gathering her scent around him .
her heart raced as she breathed him in - a hint of his aftershave , the mint on his breath , the masculine scents of leather and coffee and man that seemed uniquely law .
dominic breathed in her scent like it was an intoxicating perfume .
the sweet scent of her arousal flooded his nostrils .
alea took a long breath , trying to calm herself , but what she got was a nose full of the delicious , masculine scent of soap and something else uniquely dane .
she loved the rough feel of his whiskers against her palm as she inhaled his scent , tested the firm softness of his mouth , acquainted herself with her body being so close to his .
without clothes - even the little bit she 'd been wearing - made her feel so nak*d . she was more aware of the air on her skin , the cool grass at her feet , the perfume of the flowers , of just how alive she could be .
a succulent scent wafted up .
the early evening air filled the vestibule , and he could smell the scent of jasmine from the gardens where he 'd wanted to take alea and propose when the time was right .
when he closed his eyes , he could still remember the scent of that room .
her n**ples tightened , and burke swore he could smell the musky scent of her arousal permeate the air .
she was surrounded by them , every inch of space taken up with their feel and scent .
cole tasted clean and woodsy ; his masculine scent filled her senses .
she could smell coffee and the deliciously savory scent of bacon .
she wanted her arms around them , her skin against theirs , their scents mingling .
livvy and mira surged forward , enfolded her in a hug that smelled of italian spices and drugstore perfume .
as always , mama smelled of thyme , tabu perfume , and aqua net hair spray .
the scents of angie 's youth .
she smelled mama 's aqua net hair spray and tabu perfume .
she took the flowers from him , pretended she could smell their scent .
the scent of flowers lingered in the room .
she kissed his soft forehead , inhaled the baby - sweet scent of him .
he buried his face in her hair , inhaling its sweet scent .
he breathed in the scent of freshly baked bread as soon as he walked in the door .
the fragrance of rhododendrons filled the evening air , mingling with the scent of blooming azaleas .
the scent of the sea hung in the air .
being with her was like walking along green lake in the middle of august , when the air carried the scent of blooming flowers and sunshine warmed the afternoon .
bad enough that her skin smelled like him ; now she was surrounded by the tangy , ocean scent .
breathed deeply and inhaled the honeysuckle scent of her into his lungs .
he rested his chin on the top of her head for a minute and just breathed in the sweet honey scent of her .
inhaling deeply , he took her scent into his lungs , loved that the candy sweetness of her was mixed with the wild scent of his own soap .
inhaling deeply , he took her scent into his lungs , loved that the candy sweetness of her was mixed with the wild scent of his own soap .
i pressed my nose against his shoulder , inhaling the heat and scent , and my heart turned over .
i threw myself in his arms and inhaled the scent that had always reminded me of family , security , and love .
i positioned myself between her open legs and ran the tip of my nose up the inside of her thigh taking in her scent .
i savor his scent and the way he feels pressed against me .
raising a finger to his lips , he inhales my scent on his hands and says , ` ` we skipped one of your rules . ''
he traces my mouth and i can smell my scent on his fingers .
more common than her sweet scent was the twinkle in her eyes that had n't left since she accepted jace 's marriage proposal .
being close , he drew her scent deep into his lungs .
the aromas of the food being cooked in the place could n't compete with her unexpected scent of honey .
that he would stand close enough for her to feel his strength and catch his clean scent .
distracted by his scent and hard muscles , leigh lost some of his words .
the softness of her scent mixed with the sharp odor of dust from the floor .
the softness of her scent floated beneath the lingering smell of sawdust .
the angled wall panels opened and would allow the ocean breeze to carry in the scent of misty 's garden when she got it planted and her flowers bloomed .
the alluring scents engulfed me .
the sexy scent of her arousal met my nose and i growled in appreciation .
i was picturing what it would be like to have logan 's rough hands on my body , to feel the heat of his skin , to breathe in his musky scent and feel the stubble of his jaw against my cheek .
the way his green eyes followed mine , his musky , male scent , and it probably did n't help my libido that both times i 'd seen him , he 'd been shirtless .
when he 'd leaned in close , the warmth of his skin and the light scent of soap had invited me forward , and i could n't help but notice the way his sculpted abs and trim h*ps had barely held the towel in place .
it was like his every movement was magnified , his scent invading my space , his forearms tense with muscles and veins as he held the water bottle .
i nestled my head against his chest , loving the feeling of his arms around me , and his masculine scent .
his unexpected affection , along with his musky scent from the day spent working outside left me briefly stunned .
i did n't think he 'd been wearing it long enough for it to soak up any of his intoxicating scent .
his stubble scratched against my skin and i inhaled the scent of his aftershave , trying to memorize this moment .
his warm scent enveloped me in a comforting embrace .
the roughness of his jaw , the scent of his light , yet spicy aftershave , the way he made my stomach dance with butterflies when he kissed me .
i did n't even forget the scent of his shaving cream in the steamy bathroom after his shower , since like a masochist who loves pain , i began buying the same brand he had and using it to shave my legs .
i wanted to rush to him , to throw my arms around his neck , to breathe in the scent of his chest , but my feet stayed planted to the sidewalk .
walking by him , i got a lovely whiff of fabric softener and what had to be his own masculine scent .
a scoop of butter melted in the center and the scent of warm vanilla wafted in the air .
i rested my head against the edge of the tub and breathed in the lavender scent .
his scent was so intoxicating , his bare chest so delicious , i almost forgot my rule about not starting into anything that would remotely resemble a relationship .
the scent of coconut surrounded us as i worked my hand up and down his cock .
i could n't help but notice the light scent of coconut oil was still on my skin and i smiled a sleepy grin .
he collapsed down on top of me and i nestled into his neck and breathed in his masculine scent , knowing that spending much more time around cohen without f**king him was soon going to be impossible .
i wanted to run across the room to him , to fling my arms around his neck and inhale his comforting scent , but i stayed put , balanced on the stool , afraid that if i tried to stand , my legs would n't support my weight .
all my senses were heighted as i lost myself in his touch , the masculine scent of his skin , the rough stubble on his jaw and his eager kisses .
i pulled back the blankets and snuggled into the warm , inviting scent of cohen that was all over the sheets .
he brushed his nose along the back of my neck , inhaling my scent .
i wrapped both my hands in her hair , lifting it away from her face , losing myself in the scent of her shampoo and the things she could do to me with that naughty mouth of hers .
feeling as though she had stepped back in time , kim nestled her nose in tony 's jacket , his deep musky scent bringing her back to the present day .
he kissed her forehead and ran his lips down the side of her face , breathing in the faint , dean smell of her perfume .
the delicate smell of them filled the air with a magnificent perfume beyond description .
trying to ignore the fact that she was close enough that he could smell some delicate , enticing scent -- lilac , maybe ? -- he stacked the boxes of tea , which his sister had brought at hitler 's general store back in november , onto the counter , and stepped back , away from her .
` ` he sort of looks a little like davy crockett , '' cale noted , trying to ignore that scent of lilac again .
the scent of lilac was gone , he noted regretfully , and had been replaced with the musky smell of his own soap .
that soft flowery scent had brought back too many memories of too many nights he was better off not thinking about right now .
i kneel down on the floor in front of the sofa to worship the scent lingering in the sheets .
he loved the softness of it , the fresh , clean scent .
the scent reminded her a bit of sage .
as he did , he was almost certain he could still smell the soft , old - fashioned floral scent she had worn .
six the scent of fresh - brewed coffee drifted upstairs , pulling trace out of a perfectly fascinating dream .
when the scent of sizzling bacon joined that of the coffee , trace quickly showered and dressed in a pair of old jeans , a dress shirt and a heavy pullover sweater .
he inquired as he poured himself a cup of coffee , breathed in its rich scent , then took his first sip .
from that instant on , it was all about sensation , about dark , swirling heat and a racing heartbeat , about the brush of his hand over flesh , about the clean male scent of him and the way his eyes seemed to devour her as he gauged the effect of each lingering , provocative caress .
as they entered the same little white chapel savannah had attended with her family so many years ago , the scent of burning candles , the banks of red poinsettias by the altar , the swell of organ music , all combined to carry her back to another time .
it was festive and homey , and the fresh pine scent mingled with wood smoke and good cooking from the kitchen to complete the holiday mood .
it was saturated with sweat , and combined with her perfume .
my arms dug beneath her , between her back and the mattress , and i buried my face in her neck , taking in her scent before she bolted out the door .
claire could n't stop herself from again inhaling the erotic scent of his cologne .
when he had been standing behind her earlier , the floral scent of her skin had intoxicated him .
her scent was intoxicating , and he was again grateful for a tablecloth covering his groin .
he had begun to live for the weekends he spent with her , craving her laughter and smiles , her touch and her scent .
to smell the scent of his skin and feel his flesh beneath her hands .
hugh had never before felt any attraction to the scent of lemons and sunshine , but coming from her head , the combination seemed delicious .
the scent of roasted meat wafted out and nearly sent him into a swoon .
it smelled like meade , but with an unexpected nutty scent .
leaving him to it , she opened the door and stepped inside , frowning at the musty scent .
snuggling close , she sniffled , frowning slightly at the scent of smoke in the air .
` ` and the scroll had the distinct scent of onions about it .
her scent drifted through his nostrils , a sharp and welcome contrast to the odor of sweat and blood and death .
he inhaled sharply , taking in the scent of her shampoo .
a cool breeze blew in from the lake , and nathan turned his face up to catch the sweet scent of honeysuckle .
frank kelly had the huge barbeque pit out and the mouthwatering scent of hickory filtered through the air .
mixed in was the scent of pine .
he inhaled her scent , uncaring of the blood and dirt and grime that permeated her hair and clothing .
he kissed her neck , inhaling her scent , wanting it imprinted on his brain .
she was so close , he could smell the scent of her soap .
she inhaled , enjoying the sweetness , and then closed her eyes as the breeze blew in off the lake , filling the air with even more of the perfume .
she took another step toward the lake , inhaling the scent of pine , honeysuckle and the slight damp in the air from the mist blowing in .
the strong scent of hospital antiseptic burned her nose , and suddenly she wondered if , in some corner of his mind , he was aware of the smell .
he could smell the faint , sweet scent of her skin , a scent that identified her immediately to him whenever she entered the room .
he could smell the faint , sweet scent of her skin , a scent that identified her immediately to him whenever she entered the room .
he was so close now that she had to look up to see his face ; she could feel the heat emanating from his body , smell the warm , musky male scent of his skin .
actually , she smelled like herself , that sweet , warm , womanly scent he associated with her and no one else .
she clung to him , pressing her face into his neck to inhale that special scent .
she hesitated , and jack took advantage of her distraction and breathed in her sweet raspberry scent , brushed his lips against her soft - as - sin skin .
his scent assailed her next , full of man and mystery , spicy as cajun food and as hard to fathom as the swamp itself .
jack 's spicy , earthy scent was scattering rational thought .
instead , he fixated on the feel of morgan around him , of her raspberry scent .
the scents of leather , male musk , midnight , swamp , and sex bombarded her .
last night as darkness fell , his c*ck rose and the raspberry - spice scent of morgan flooded his senses - and strangled his restraint .
the raspberry scent of her nearly drove him out of his head .
then he just stared , breathing in the addicting musky - sweet scent of her .
every part of her had some new exotic scent or flavor .
the sight and scent went straight to his head , like pure grain alcohol , kicking his libido into full gear .
she drew in a deep breath , tinged with the scent of jack , solid and enigmatic all at once , the scent of hope and tomorrow and great sex to come .
she drew in a deep breath , tinged with the scent of jack , solid and enigmatic all at once , the scent of hope and tomorrow and great sex to come .
the scents of leather and her own cream wafted around her .
luc so dark , inky hair , bronze skin , caressing his way across alyssa 's paler flesh , lifting her platinum hair away from her soft nape so he could breathe in her scent .
his solid strength enveloped her , just like his scent , earth and rain and all male .
her peaches and cinnamon scent lingered every time he got near her .
he closed his eyes , trying to block the scene out , but her scent , cinnamon and fresh peaches , all sugary and ripe , enticed him .
just standing here and breathing in her scent , her presence , was a treat .
his head swam with her scent , her whispered come - ons , and the feel of her p**sy trying to latch onto his dick .
she clung to his neck , and the masculine scents of pine , musk , and soap hit her system .
the scent of her musky tang pierced his system and revved up his desire .
her peaches and cinnamon scent mixed with a light perfume , driving him mad with the need to hold her , strip her , take her .
her peaches and cinnamon scent mixed with a light perfume , driving him mad with the need to hold her , strip her , take her .
` ` the paint fumes and perfume and shock , i guess .
hunter was everywhere , every sight she could see , every scent filling her nose , every flavor on her tongue .
sitting next to her for hours , her scent , soft and womanly , filling up in the cab of the truck , while she 'd curled trustingly against his side with her hand on his thigh , had revved him up .
he wanted to work deep inside her again , his balls pressed right to her wet p**sy , tangle his fingers in the silky mass , inhale her scent as he listened to her whimpers become screams .
he filled her senses with his musky scent , unique tang , and growling moans , as the hard bands of his hair - roughened thighs tensed beneath her fingers .
hunter trailed his mouth over the soft , musky scent concentrated in the groove of her neck and shoulder .
his musky - pine scent drifted across the room .
at the moment , with her lips still swollen from hunter 's kisses and his scent still clinging to her , kata did n't believe that , for her , hunter would ever be solved .
musky amber and lilies hit him next - a scent that made him freeze in his tracks .
two bedrooms down either side of the hallway proved empty and lacking the scent he craved .
he savored her ragged breaths , tense mewls , and the pungent scent of her arousal .
and that cherry - vanilla scent he 'd always known as hers wafted between them .
dizziness swam through her head , along with his masculine scent , like spice and earth .
the vanilla - fruity sweet scent of her skin grabbed him by the balls .
instead , she buried her face in logan 's neck and availed herself of the earthy musk and leather scents .
tara resisted answering , wanting so badly to keep clinging to his neck , drawing in his musky earth scent ... and avoiding that question .
his scent sank into her pores .
it was n't perfume or lotion or anything manufactured that he 'd smelled on a million other women .
he 'd noticed it before ... but cooped up in a small space with her when the weather was too damn cold to roll down the windows just magnified the scent .
she had splurged on a bit of perfume and hoped that it made him want to be near her .
above the faint mustiness of the attic , the scent of leather hung in the air .
the musky scent of his male flesh surrounded her completely .
the faint scent of vanilla lingered , like rachel had baked or burned candles or something equally feminine .
rachel breathed in the musky scent of his skin and could n't look away from his cocky smile , complete with a flash of white teeth that she found beyond sexy .
she craved more of the rough feel of his fingers , the scent of his mysterious musk rising between them , his demanding stare promising her more .
his eyes closed as if savoring her scent .
his breathing got deeper , nostrils flaring as he pulled in her light , purely feminine scent , the autumn night warm enough that the air was still sultry and damp from an earlier rainstorm .
a rough , guttural sound crawled its way up from his chest as he caught the hot , mouthwatering scent of her cunt , the sexy underwear already damp with her juices .
around six , the two of them helped mike make dinner , filling the house with the spicy scents of cumin and cilantro .
the hot , masculine scent of his skin and the even sound of his breathing as he relaxed .
` ` her perfume , '' she muttered , turning her head to the side , afraid to let his words into the tenderness of her heart .
the scents of the savory garlic - herb roasted chicken and vegetables blended with the delicious aroma of yeasty bread .
the scents of chocolate blended with the succulent musk rising from her skin .
then she smelled something new , a blend of lavender , rosemary , chamomile , and a few other scents she could n't identify .
his woodsy - musky scent surrounded her and reminded her of the hundreds of times he 'd driven her to ecstasy with seeming ease .
shoving the confusing tangle of her thoughts aside , gia drowned in his scent , his taste .
her body heat rose and her scent swirled all around him .
the sounds of whips and moans , the scents of sweat and sex , the slight chill in the air - all gone .
so soft everywhere , and her scent ... something clean and musky at once .
her scent had driven him to obsess about her flavor day after day , seemingly forever .
the slight sting of pain roused her , as did the musky scent of his skin , pooling with masculine tang in the dips and crooks between his legs .
her touch was here and her scent lingered .
their heady masculine scents swirled together as their taut bodies surrounded her .
but more , it stemmed from having their scents combining in her nose , her skin heated by the dual press of their own , the way they began to pass her lips back and forth with devouring kisses .
every corner burst with his scent and taste , so masculine , a bit salty , so very big and musky and perfect .
he inhaled her scent and did the same .
their scents blended , the press of their bodies quickly warming the cab on this chilly morning .
` ` i miss the lavender scent of your skin .
she sucked in the deep pine scent of masculinity that always followed blake around .
his pine scent and heated breath easily distracted her from everything but the feeling of him holding her , touching her .
with a long breath , blake drew her scent deep inside him .
the eventual end to their relationship made her pause , but she pushed the images of saying goodbye away and focused on the scent and feel of the man still buried inside her body .
the musky scent of his skin and sex filled her as she brought him to the very edge of release before pulling back .
samantha opened a box of takeout and the scent of spicy beef spilled into the air .
the sickly sick floral perfume that followed vanessa wherever she went arrested his nose before he saw her .
loamy scents of moist earth mingled with evergreen and cedar .
she wound her arms around his neck and breathed in his woodsy male scent .
a gentle breeze swirled around them , immersing him in her exotic scent .
he breathed in the rich scent of desire and touched his tongue to her moist heat .
she wanted to credit the seductive atmosphere - the scent of flowers , the glow of candlelight , the unseasonably warm night .
she did n't wear perfume , either , which al owed him to pick up her true scent .
her beguiling aroma reached out to him , penetrating the maze of competing scents , taunting him from thirty feet away .
emma 's scent hit him ful force , and he steeled himself against the urge to reach across the table and pul her right out of her chair and into his arms .
her scent fil ed his nostrils , and he remembered the way her lips had felt pressed against his on wednesday night .
instead of being distracted by aidan sitting next to her , she was inspired by his solid presence and his scent .
she 'd brought her unique scent into the car with her .
whatever the maid had added to the water in the jacuzzi clung to emma 's skin , disguising her scent .
her natural scent had begun to filter through the fragrant oils from her bath , and he fumbled with the tie of her robe , impatient to remove it and sniff every inch of her nak*d body .
dropping to his knees , he cupped her bottom and kissed her navel , but his goal was the downy patch of blond curls just below , where the musky scent of arousal cal ed to him with a siren 's song .
he knew the moment she slipped off her panties because her scent swirled around her and drifted through that open door , inviting him inside , inviting him to take her .
then her scent enveloped him , and his eyes snapped open .
once again , her scent grabbed him by the gonads .
her scent surrounded him , and his groin tightened .
it could have been an erotic moment , considering how the tiny space was instantly filled with her compelling scent .
abby walked toward him , bringing her delicious scent with her .
your natural scent is ... very attractive to me . ''
her skin was like silk as his fingers brushed her calf , and he caught the scent of lotion , soap , and the unmistakable musk of arousal .
he liked to go on about how wonderful she smelled , and she had to admit his scent was an aphrodisiac to her , too .
perfumes of any kind irritate my nose and interfere with my ability to catch important scents . ''
still , her movements stirred the air and brought him her tantalizing scent .
her scent called to him , but he 'd promised to give her a massage , and he would by damn go all the way to her toes .
he would not lose his head over this woman , even though her scent filled him with longing .
her scent drifted out to him from the cave , and his penis twitched in response .
and always , always , her special scent .
grasping her hips , he kept the descent gradual so he could savor her slick , tight welcome , the scent of her arousal filling his nostrils , and her low moan of pleasure filling his ears .
her soft breath caressed his face , and he closed his eyes to better enjoy being surrounded by her body and her scent .
we 're all about enjoying the earthy scents . ''
the scent of crushed flowers filled the air as roarke struggled to hold his own and keep the wolves busy so abby and donald could escape .
the scent of mint wafted toward abby , and she was sorely tempted to take the bandana .
she drew in a breath and the sweet scent of him filled her with a kind of hunger she 'd never felt before .
his scent was familiar , as if she knew him from somewhere , and yet that was impossible .
colin walked into the sitting room , his hair still a little damp from his shower , his amazing scent now mixed with that of shampoo and soap .
the smell of salt water and sand blended with her female scent , and the combination was more intoxicating than any drink invented .
his kiss was so very different from her first one , and she could n't stop thinking about the velvet press of his lips , the sweet scent of his breath , the careful restraint she sensed in that light , butterfly touch .
she breathed in , relishing the heady scent of him - a combination of musk , martini , and an intoxicating aroma that she suspected was exclusive to colin macdowell , laird of glenbarra .
her sweet scent beckoned to him , and he realized he 'd unconsciously moved closer .
he 'd never met anyone who 'd mentioned that , but it was one of his favorite scents .
instead he inhaled her delicious scent , which created a greater problem .
he left a trail of dampness and the sweet scent of satisfaction .
she held her straw purse on her lap , because clutching it gave her something to hold on to in this cavernous space that held a scent of oiled leather and a light perfume that might be an air freshener .
she held her straw purse on her lap , because clutching it gave her something to hold on to in this cavernous space that held a scent of oiled leather and a light perfume that might be an air freshener .
colin sat right next to her , of course , bringing with him his maddeningly sexy scent .
it was n't a question he cared to answer at the moment , because with luna sitting inches away , her scent teasing him as much as her saucy words and outrageous suggestion to chuck everything and openly spend the night together , he could n't seem to think about anything else , and certainly not about a life without her in it .
furniture loomed larger , and scents grew sharper .
his scent changed from earthy to a more tantalizing aroma , one she found irresistible .
taking a deep breath , she caught a whiff of warm cinnamon buns , along with the distinctive scent of bacon .
as she started a new message , she breathed in the scent of masculine were .
after he pulled off the sheets , he held them to his nose and inhaled the sweet scent of making love to kate .
he allowed her to take the briefcase , but it meant she 'd moved close enough for him to breathe in her scent .
he was standing close enough for her to feel his warmth and breathe in his scent .
` ` now that you mention it , i can tell by that delicious scent of yours .
one could even say he had a compelling urge that made him circle her as he drew in her musky scent .
carefully navigating the perimeter of the lake , he 'd creep close enough to breathe her intoxicating scent , a mix of almond lotion and human female .
as he neared her workshop , he picked up the tang of fresh - cut wood wafting from the open window , along with the almond scent he associated with rachel .
after all the nights he 'd traveled around the lake just so he could catch a whiff of her favorite scent , he was in almond heaven , so he 'd better enjoy it while he could .
the bar was fragrant with the scent of fine liquor , expensive cigars , and expertly prepared food .
with her cheek resting against the soft comforter , she breathed in jake 's scent .
he breathed in her almond scent , which had become like an aphrodisiac .
that smell , combined with the tang of the ale he 'd consumed and the almond scent of a female he wanted , aroused him to a level he had n't reached in a long time .
then he 'd been so overwhelmed by the prospect of having her , so intoxicated by the scent and feel of her , that he 'd rushed it .
her preference for almond lotion and soap had always drawn him , but now he breathed in her essence , that pheromone - laden scent that was unique to her and the most compelling aphrodisiac he 'd encountered in any female , ever .
the rich scent of her was a banquet and he was taking his seat at the table .
he finished undressing her so that every inch of her could appreciate the softness of his sheets , which were pale green and had a masculine scent that reminded her of sage .
the almond scent is a nice touch , but your own special aroma , the one you do n't even realize you have , drives me crazy . ''
her almond scent preceded her into the bedroom .
the air was filled with her scent .
gliding over her , he breathed in the intoxicating scent that had beguiled him from that first day .
feeling her body shake against mine , i wrap my arms around her , and breathe in her familiar scent .
something sweet - smelling was in bloom and its perfume mixed with the fecund smell of fertile soil .
nina wanted to keep questioning her mother , but the savory scent of the stroganoff - rich beef chunks , perfectly browned and then simmered for hours in a sauce of sherry wine , fresh thyme , heavy cream , and mushrooms - wafted up to her , and her stomach growled in anticipation .
though bed beckoned her , she did n't even go close to it , not to that king - sized mattress where his shape lingered , and his scent .
the room was empty , quiet , with no lingering scents .
she could lose herself in the endless starlit sky , in the smell of rich black earth , in the sweet scent of new growth .
a cool breeze came through the open french doors , brushing her cheek , bringing with it the scent of apples .
her mother has been cooking all day and the sweet , savory scent of boar stew fills the room .
she thought at first it was nina , here to tell her the bathroom was free , but then she smelled the sweet rose scent of mom 's shampoo .
the scent of flowers was a sweetness in the air - lilacs and honeysuckle and jasmine .
as her senses filled with the scent of aroused male , the hands pushing against nick 's shoulders slipped around them instead .
with her hot face pressed against his throat , the scent of his skin was nearly overwhelming .
his scent inundated her senses and her n**ples hardened into aching points .
she clung and inhaled his musky scent .
their scent wafted to her nose and should have tantalized her .
the memories of raine 's scent in his nose and her cries in his ears as he sank into the hot , soft depths of her body clawed need through him .
a familiar scent wrapped around her , instantly transporting her back to happier times and comfort .
closing her eyes , she inhaled his spicy , familiar scent .
the sweet , salty scent of her arousal had filled the car and swirled in liam 's head , damn near making him drunk .
the scent of her skin lingered on liam 's clothes and in the air .
the scents of rosemary and lavender rose with the swirl of steam .
the scent of her p**sy filled his nostrils and made his mouth water .
the scent of something delicious wafted in the air , and the little growl of her stomach surprised her .
christ , liam wanted to stay in bed with her and hold her tight , breathing in her heady scent all damn night .
the heat of his breath , the strong inhalation as he drew in her scent , the urgent thumbs he used to part her folds all made her gasp .
he moved closer to her , noticing that she smelled a bit like a light , flowery perfume .
grant placed a hand on one of her thighs and slowly lifted it to his shoulder , then repeated the motion with her other leg , until he was cradled so close to her damp flesh that he could practically breathe in her scent .
the air changed as they got closer to the ocean , the scent of salt water filling the night breeze .
her head was tucked against his shoulder , and she woke up with the scent of him in her nostrils and the feel of his arms around her .
i recall the scent of aftershave and man on mr .
under bright white sheets on a crisp spring day , windows open and gauzy curtains billowing with the breeze , the air infused with the scent of sensual time .
the scent of him fills the air between us and i feel charmed .
the heady scent of roses and caring fills the air around me .
the heady scent of spice and man fills me as i pause , body shivering with the pleasure of knowing he is calling me .
the scent of coconut and almond fills the bathroom as i shampoo quickly .
once i ' m close enough , i smell the heady scent of cologne and leather , pushed out by a blast of air - conditioned air .
i inhale deeply and remember his scent , the mix of citrus and spice and something deeper , fragrant and infused with promise .
why am i thinking about steve as declan 's scent fills me like the perfect prescription for healing ?
it tastes like a cough drop mixed with love 's baby soft perfume .
i swallow hard as he pulls back , the scent of him full of sweat and cologne and soap and home .
the air around us is hot and spicy , like woman and man mingling together , the scent of sex and sweat and perfume and cologne burning into my brain .
the air around us is hot and spicy , like woman and man mingling together , the scent of sex and sweat and perfume and cologne burning into my brain .
i inhale the scent of sea salt and centuries .
the most delicious scent tickles my nose as i make the final turn up to the top of the stairs , declan standing there , holding open a small door .
` ` what does that have to do with- '' she puts her arm around me and pushes us both through the main door into the cool , marble - floored bank , the scent of money filling the air .
a cloud of cinnabar perfume fills my nose and the back of my throat , the taste like rancid cinnamon .
a thick gust of wind billows the stiff curtains inward , the sun flashing off some piece of glass on the desk , and the scent of seawater , the rush of cool air makes the moment seem so ripe with possibility .
his own branded scent , like tasting him in the air .
` ` you do n't have to worry about me , you know , '' i insist , but as he pulls the top of the first tray up the scent of steak and spices makes my stomach scream the opposite of my words .
she did n't move , her senses slammed by a clean , masculine scent and the low timbre of secret in his voice .
as she stripped the bed , the soft , masculine scent of him drifted up .
he stepped away , and instantly the other man got a little closer , a scent of sandalwood adding to his allure .
his eyes closed , and she ventured closer , quietly inhaling the clean scent of him .
a fine sheen of sweat glistened on her shoulders , so he kissed it , tasting salt and perfume and sweet , sweet mandy .
when he turned on the water to lather up , the scents got stronger , and the soap slid around in his hands with a buttery , luscious texture .
` ` i really like this one , but i want you to close your eyes so you can really appreciate this scent . ''
* * * high on the fight , humming with a surge of adrenaline , and inhaling a heady mix of pretty perfumes and disgusting goat , elliott took frankie 's kiss and gave it right back to her .
he did n't waste a second moving closer , getting a whiff of a barely - there citrus scent .
pressing a kiss on her hair , inhaling the sweet floral scent of her , he let his hips rock once .
she did , arching her back , giving him the chance to plant kisses on her throat and in the v - neck of the dress , inhaling the feminine scent and licking the delicious skin .
he almost closed the space between them , inches away now , the soapy , masculine scent of him tormenting her .
the scent of fatty burgers and chilli scented the air .
the scent of lemon permeated the air .
the oriental scents were intoxicating , and his mouth watered .
her vanilla scent helped to calm lana 's nerves .
the scent of chicken filled the air .
the garlic and onion scents filled the air .
the turkeys were cooking in the oven , and the scents made her stomach growl .
kent was drowning in her scent and loving every second of it .
the party was a barbeque , and the scents were turning her stomach .
lana inhaled his sweet scent .
the familiar scent of his aftershave mingled with his body warmth clinging to the fabric .
he stepped closer , the ocean - fresh scent of him teasing her pregnancy - heightened senses .
the floral scent wafted out .
he stretched his arm along the sofa back , wrapping her in his scent if not his arms .
her flowery scent drifted across the car , her soft curves warm , inviting him to pull off somewhere more secluded and tangle up with her .
still he waited , taking his time to breathe in the fresh scent of her , the flowers and greenery she worked with .
` ` have i told you how much i like the scent of flowers on you ? ''
she angled forward to inhale the rich woodsy scent of an authentic fire .
the musky scent reminded him too quickly of sex .
lauren leaned back against him , the sweet scent of her shampoo seeping deeper inside him .
the fresh taste of his mouthwash , the tangy scent of his aftershave , all sent her senses into overload .
the spicy scent of him mingled with the salt air and her own floral perfume until her senses went on overload .
the spicy scent of him mingled with the salt air and her own floral perfume until her senses went on overload .
with a sweeping stroke , she trailed lower , the sugary scent coating the air .
jason sat silently beside her , driving the car , the scent of his freshly showered body riding the light gust of his car heater .
maybe he would stay at the office and sleep on his sofa rather than torment himself with the scent of her lingering on his sheets .
he hauled her against his chest , inhaling her sweet floral scent .
she refused to give ground , even though the scent and heat of him swirled through her until she could have sworn she 'd pirouetted herself dizzy .
her nose itched with the phantom scent of masculine cologne and sweat mingling with her raspberry tea .
every time ethan turned around , she sported a new mood - enhancing scent concocted by her masseur .
he advanced a step and ignored the perfume of kelly 's shampoo mingling with perspiration , so close to the scent of sex .
air swirled around her , saturated with the scent of chlorine and ethan 's musky soap .
if only she could capture this scent and setting to take home with her , so much more deeply transporting , sensually exotic than her window garden .
kelly savored the heady scent before tucking it behind her ear .
suddenly the abundance of flowery scents made her nauseous .
the scent of musk drifted down around her , mingling with the crisp freshness of melting sleet on his hair .
never would he forget the scents and sounds of her pleasure in the mine .
tried inhaling the lush , transporting scents of gardenia and orchids .
orchids , lilies , gardenias fluttered over her onto the puffy comforter , until finally he ended with crushed roses raining petals and perfume over her head , drifting and catching along every sensitized inch of her .
a fragrant blend of perfumes clung to the humid air .
ethan buried his face in kelly 's soft hair , the scent of roses and their lovemaking wafting up , his only grounding in the present .
` ` i remember the smell of her perfume on that scarf with the seat belt tight against my neck . ''
the scent of the orchid in her hair wafted forward , a constant reminder of ethan and his touch on her shoulders .
ethan wrapped kelly closer to his chest , breathing in her scent and molding her body to his .
the mouth - watering scent of saffron - braised karoo lamb made her stomach rumble .
the tread of his footsteps closed in , steady , deliberate , bringing the scent of him drifting her way .
he set the baby into her arms , catching a whiff of mari 's perfume , something flowery and surprisingly whimsical for such a practical woman .
he sat beside her , drawing in the scent of her flowery perfume .
he sat beside her , drawing in the scent of her flowery perfume .
his ears tuned in to the sound of mari walking toward him , then the floral scent of her wrapped around him .
bins of fresh fruits and vegetables sat out , the scent of roasting turkey and goat carrying on the salty beach breeze .
he caught the sweet floral scent on her neck as he eased her chair into place .
his mind filled with images of her wearing only perfume and an assortment of the colorful beads from the marketplace .
the clean fresh scent of his aftershave rode every breath she took .
ducking his head , he kissed her ear , right beside the flower , breathing in the heady perfume of her , even more tantalizing than the petals .
he followed her into the elevator and thankfully the glide down went quickly , before he had too much time in the cubicle breathing in the scent of her .
she grazed her nails down his back , the fabric of his shirt carrying the warmth and scent of him .
drew in the scent of his soap and his sweat , perspiration already beading his brow from his restraint as she learned the feel of him .
her head dug back into the mattress , the scent of them mingling and filling every gasping breath .
sleep was n't even an option with every fiber of him saturated with the satiny feel of her , the floral scent of her , the driving need to have her again and again until ... his mind stopped short of thoughts of the end .
the scent of baby detergent - specially bought so she could wash the tiny clothes herself - mingled with sweet baby breath .
the familiar scent of her mom 's perfume enveloped her , like a bower of gardenias .
the familiar scent of her mom 's perfume enveloped her , like a bower of gardenias .
the antibacterial scent saturated each breath he took .
toe - to - toe , she stopped in front of him , the sweet scent and heat of her reaching out to him .
she pulled back from the lure of his familiar scent , minty patchouli and sandalwood , the smell of exotic pleasures .
their standoff continued , neither of them touching , but he was all too aware of her scrubbed fresh scent .
he would breathe in the scent of her and him and them blended together .
she kissed his little forehead and inhaled his baby - fresh scent .
and then a hint of sandalwood scent teased her nose a second before ... '' hey . ''
another whiff of his freshly showered scent teased her nose with memories of steam - slicked bodies .
her fingers fanned against her legs as she remembered the feel of him , so much more intense with his sandalwood scent riding the wind .
the scent of tony 's sandalwood aftershave had her curling her toes .
the lush perfume filled each breath .
he sketched his mouth along her jaw , down to her collarbone , the scent of her lavender body wash reminding him of shared showers at his place .
the scent of hanging dried herbs coated the air , the smell earthy .
the scent of her , of slick sex and them mixed with the already earthy air .
with a smile , shannon hugged her little boy close , inhaling his baby fresh scent with a hint of chlorine .
` ` flipping the hood from her head , she plunged deeper into the spacious greenhouse where a riot of scents and colors waited .
she spun under the skylight , immersing herself in the thick perfume , sunbeams and debussy 's nocturnes .
she inhaled deeply , letting the scents fill her with courage .
her body focused on the feelings and perfumes stoking desire higher .
her fingers twitched into a fist , crushing the lily and releasing a fresh burst of perfume .
and the scents - she gasped in the perfect blend of musk and sex and earthy greenhouse .
shannon wrapped around him , the scent of lilies in her hair .
her nose twitched at his fresh - washed scent .
he pushed away from the door toward her , drawn by threads of their old friendship and the scent of her perfume .
he pushed away from the door toward her , drawn by threads of their old friendship and the scent of her perfume .
not a heavy perfume by any means given the hospital 's fairly strict rules about scented lotions , soaps and colognes .
the scent of the salty outdoor air clung to him , teasing her nose .
the crisp scent of him - night air and ocean breeze - drew nearer , stronger , until she flattened her hand against the cool windowpane to steady herself .
the scent of him mingled with leather and new car smell .
right now , his dream mixed with the recycled plane oxygen blending the scent of lilah with some kind of pine air freshener ... taking him back to that night at the hospital fundraiser nearly three months ago ... . lighted pine trees decorating the sprawling hospital conference room , carlos stirred his sparkling water , refusing anything stronger until the fundraiser finished .
unable to resist , she soaked in the heat of his breath against her neck , inhaled the peppermint scent of his toothpaste .
she eyed him over the top of her mug , inhaling steaming scents of cinnamon as a log shifted in the fireplace , launching a shower of sparks .
he rested his cheek against the top of her head and inhaled the scent of her shampoo , lightly floral and so different from the antiseptic world they usually inhabited together .
` ` i remember the scent of bacon in the air along with the gruff tone in your voice and the way you hauled on your clothes for work . ''
with the scent of her still on his skin bringing back memories of their night together , it was all he could do to keep from charging after her and taking her up on her enticing offer ... .
the sweet and bready scent of breakfast drifted up the stairs and this time she inhaled deeply , unreservedly soaking in this simple moment of domesticity from her royal lover .
the scent of fresh - washed man and the food he 'd prepared for her filled her as tangibly as he would soon fill her body .
the scent of them together blended with the sweet stickiness of the raspberries and sugary fruit juice .
the scent of raspberries still clung to her skin even after her hurried shower .
scents from the orange trees drifted in through the open windows along with the feel of the ever - present warm ocean breeze .
the scent of her filled him every time he inhaled , which he wanted to do over and over again because nothing , absolutely nothing rivaled her .
but her body carried reminders of their impetuous lovemaking , from the tender muscles of her legs after their near acrobatics on his office desk to the scent of chlorine in her hair from his hot tub on the deck of his mountainside home .
the crisp fabric still carried his scent , stirring her all over again with languid memories of making love until the blend of them together made a sensual perfume .
the crisp fabric still carried his scent , stirring her all over again with languid memories of making love until the blend of them together made a sensual perfume .
the scent of frying bacon hung in the air as he tended the stove , a second pan in place with batter in a measuring cup .
the scent of roses from their bath filled the room , a much sweeter scent than those chlorine - tinted recollections .
the scent of roses from their bath filled the room , a much sweeter scent than those chlorine - tinted recollections .
it was like he was still staring at her across that kitchen with the scent of frying bacon in the air and his cold , cold eyes warning her what they shared had n't meant all that much to him .
the scent of knotty pine pervaded the chapel .
the flowery scent saturated the steam along with the perfume of her shampoo .
the flowery scent saturated the steam along with the perfume of her shampoo .
she 'd told him once she 'd gotten out of the practice of wearing perfume as a nurse because scents disturbed some patients .
the sound of clanking silverware echoed down the hallway , the scent of coffee teasing her nose .
hillary poured coffee from the silver carafe , the java scent steaming up all the stronger with reminders of breakfasts with conrad .
jayne 's ocean - fresh scent gave him only a second 's warning before she took his face in her hands and kissed him .
because , god , this was what she 'd wanted since the second she 'd sensed him walk up behind her in the casino , drawn by the intoxicating warmth and bay rum scent of him .
the light scent of her shampoo teased his nose .
he pressed his forehead into her shoulder and drew in the pure , clean scent of her .
the lingering scent of his aftershave mixed with the musk of perspiration on his skin .
the antibacterial scent saturated each breath she took , the familiarity of the environment wrapping her in comfort .
she pulled her hair free of the neckline , stirring memories of washing her , feeling her , breathing in the scent of her .
how in the hell was she supposed to sleep in here tonight with the memories of a few hours ago still so fresh in her mind , the scent of their lovemaking still clinging to the sheets ?
she inched a step away to put a little distance between herself and the tempting scent of his aftershave .
the smell of paper , ink and leather mixed with the familiar praline scent of celia .
he turned the lock - a lock he could have picked thanks to some skills he 'd acquired along the way - and pushed open the door to an airy and light space with sheer frills , an antique upright piano and a lemony , clean scent .
the scent of those purple and pink flowers filled the air , while the music of the fountain filled the silence .
silence echoed after her , the scent of lavender wafting up from the sheets she 'd given him .
she yanked on her clothes and jammed her feet into sandals while the scent of hazelnut drifted into the bedroom from her kitchen .
gingerly , she climbed inside the helicopter , the scent of leather and oil saturating the air as she settled in place .
her skin chilled in spite of the warm summer breeze , carrying the scent of flowers tossed by fans .
malcolm sat in the wingback chair beside her - before rowan could claim the seat - and continued to strum the guitar idly , playing improvised riffs and breathing in the praline - sweet scent of her .
the scent of her soap , her light fragrance , teased him , and he dragged in a deep breath to take it in .
pressing his face to her stomach , he inhaled more of her floral scent .
with each steadying inhale of her sweet , floral scent , he knew .
the scent carried on the air , and she could n't even enjoy it because her stomach was in knots over this confrontation she should have seen coming .
her hand glided over his chest as she dipped to kiss him , a hint of rose - petal perfume still clinging to her skin with reminders of how they 'd made love in the spa for hours .
the scent of carolina jasmine carried on the breeze .
the bared lines of her throat evoked memories of her jasmine scent .
she tipped her face up to his , the jasmine scent of her swirling all around him .
she whispered , the scent of fruit juice on her breath , dampening her lips .
her head fell to rest on his shoulder as she inhaled the scent of sea air tinged with the musk of his sweat .
a single flower , something different , like a sprig of jasmine because the scent reminds me of you . ''
lucy ann hugged her son close for a second , breathing in the baby - powder - fresh scent of him before securing eli into his car seat .
she teased , all the while too aware of the freshly showered scent of him .
the scent of strawberries still clung to the sheets even though they 'd showered together , making love in the large stone spa before coming back to bed .
even the scent of dried herbs and flowers that emanated from the linens immersed her in a fantasy world .
her mind filled with the sensation of him , the scents of them together .
her sighs and purrs filled the cubicle , the jasmine scent of her riding the steam .
elliot pushed past the emergency personnel and ... heaven only knew who else because she could n't bring herself to look at anyone except elliot walking toward her , the scent of smoke tingling in her nose as the sea breeze blew in .
she could n't think of anything but the man beside her , the warmth of him , the sound of his heartbeat , the scent of his aftershave and perspiration .
the scent of carolina jasmine reminded him of lucy ann .
she smoothed a hand along eli 's back , soaking in more comfort from his baby - powder - fresh scent .
the breeze carried lucy ann 's voice along with her jasmine scent .
a whiff of his aftershave drifted across the steel desk , sending her back to the morning she 'd hugged a hotel pillow to inhale the scent of him .
inside , she inhaled the scent of fresh paint , undoubtedly soon to be replaced with a more exotic aroma .
he leaned to kiss the nape of her neck , taking his time to absorb the scent of her .
brooke sagged to sit beside her , the verdant scents from the tropical flowers not strong enough to override the acrid air of betrayal .
he leaned in to sniff her neck , catch a hint of her perfume .
a whiff of her perfume caught on the breeze to tempt him again .
she would always associate the sweet scent of the greenery on the porch , the crash of the island waves with this moment , her senses all on high alert .
fresh flowers by the bed wafted sweet scents and an idea his way .
the flowery scent of her hair teased his nose as she snuggled against him .
the warm night and scent of the ocean beckoned .
the sweet sweep of her tongue teased his senses along with the scent of the flower in her hair .
she spritzed perfume on her arms and neck and down the front of her top - well , you just never knew - gave her gold bangle bracelets an affectionate jingle , grabbed her tiny purse , and headed for the door .
they strode in silence through the brown 's elegant lobby , then holt held the door for faith , inhaling deeply of her sweet perfume as she passed through .
unfortunately , the fray was n't quite what he expected it to be , and he was already surrounded by the spicy scent of sandalwood before he realized he 'd been set up .
when he did , his scent surrounded her , warm and earthy and masculine , reminding her of so many things she wished she could forget .
holt closed his eyes and inhaled deeply of the snowy evening , the scent of the cold air assaulting him with too many memories for his brain to process , too many emotions for his heart to hold .
but all he could recall was a husky - sexy - voice , and the soft scent of gardenias , and a pair of beautiful sea - green eyes , all of which had seemed oddly familiar somehow .
as he bent over her , he inhaled the faint scent of gardenias again , as if it had followed him out of his memories .
as he 'd stuffed them into his back pocket that night , his gaze lit on a bottle of perfume on her dresser .
he was assailed by a soft , floral scent that did nothing to dispel the sixteen - year - old memories still dancing in his head , and the flutter of her fingers as she wrapped the length of silk around itself jacked his pulse rate higher .
close enough for her to smell the faint scent of something cool and spicy that clung to him .
close enough that she could again feel his heat and inhale the savory scent of him .
but all that did was diminish to a hairbreadth the space between their bodies , bringing them close enough that she more keenly felt his heat and more fully enjoyed his scent .
she smelled incredible , a heavy , heady , intoxicating scent that seemed both perfectly suitable and entirely inappropriate for her .
she recalled every sigh , every scent , every seductive sensation .
his heat surrounded her , his scent enveloped her , and she wanted nothing more than to join herself with him , lose herself in him forever .
adam got the impression of dangerous curves and not much else , and if he closed his eyes , he could almost smell the elusive , erotic scent that must surely surround her .
the scent of him surrounded her , his heat mingled with her own , and his nearness set her heart to racing like a thoroughbred .
when he did , schuyler was treated to the scent of the tightly bundled mrs . caroline beecham .
the scent he had transferred to her in his nearness , the scent that clung to her still .
the scent he had transferred to her in his nearness , the scent that clung to her still .
she needed to fill her nose and lungs with the pungent scent of autumn , needed to feel the kiss of the brisk wind on her face , needed to remind herself that there was more to a day 's passing than the little dramas that took place inside ashling .
as he passed her , leo inhaled deeply , enjoying again that singular scent of hers , the one that just opened up so many possibilities .
inhaling deeply , she grew intoxicated by the dark , masculine scent of him , grew dizzy with the sensation of his bare hand opening over her bare belly .
he recalled the scent of her , the sound of her , the heat of her , and just like that , he started to get hard .
she inhaled a deep breath and savored the scent of him , a mix of heat and musk and man .
the mingling scents of lysol , cigarette smoke , and cooked cabbage warred for possession of the air , but there was something surprisingly appealing about the smell .
and she had hardly paid any attention to the scant spicy scent of him that teased her nose , or the way the lamplight in the room somehow made his arresting pale blue eyes even paler and more arresting .
as had happened then , the air around them grew warmer , and the clean , spicy scent of him assailed her .
her scent enveloped him , something flowery and sweet and utterly appropriate for her .
the garment fairly swallowed her , but it was redolent with both his scent and his warmth , and she was helpless not to pull it more closely around herself .
for a long time after waking , he 'd only lain silently beside her , holding her , listening to her soft respiration , inhaling her scent .
her skin was warm and fragrant from her recent shower , and the soft scent grew both stronger and more delicate as he slowly spread open the fabric of the garment .
as the wind blew past him and against her , it brought his scent , too , the spicy , smoky one she recalled too well .
he stepped aside to let her enter , and as kendall pushed past him , she tried not to notice how the fragrance of the coffee mingled with a scent that was distinctly matthias , something spicy and woodsy whose source she 'd never been able to identify .
every time she inhaled , she filled her lungs with the scent of him and her mouth with the taste of him .
he was acutely aware of her - the light , flowery scent that clung to her skin , the startlingly brilliant blue of her eyes , the thick mass of dark - brown hair cascading past her shoulders .
he bent his head and drew in a breath , turning his head to whisper in her ear , ` ` and dreaming that subtle scent of pure woman . ''
she breathed in his warm male scent , felt the gentle scrape against her skin of the evening shadow covering his jaw .
she was close enough that he could breathe in the soft , flowery scent of her .
the sweet lavender scent of her seduced his senses .
he was aroused , and when he came down beside her , she breathed in his musky male scent .
she picked up his masculine scent , one she recognized from four years ago and one which predictably awakened her senses .
his skin gave off the scent of fresh air salty water and sunscreen - and healthy male sweat .
` ` these raw - silk photo albums just came in last week- ` ` the woman 's voice , with just a hint of huskiness , washed over him , along with the faint scent of a flowery blend .
he bent his head again , and she waited for the already familiar scent and flavor of him .
the faint scent of roses hung in the air .
his hard , lean body pushed against her , and she picked up the scent of ivory soap that clung to his skin .
she 'd never worn that perfume again .
the scent of roses and other blooms hung around them in the warm , humid air .
it was funny what a train wreck looked like from one end of a church aisle , with yards of ivory satin on display and the mingled scents of lilies and roses in the june air .
then he made the mistake of picking up the light scent of lavender that he 'd associated with her ever since their first night together .
she tasted the champagne on his lips , and inhaled the male scent of him .
sawyer 's lips were soft but firm , and in the next instant , tamara became aware that he tasted sweet but heady and carried the warm scent of man .
he tasted of wine from their meal , and the scent of some expensive and finely - milled english sandalwood soap clung to his skin .
she picked up the faint scent of sandalwood soap underneath that of freshly polished leather .
she opened her mouth , but he swallowed her response with his , breathing in the scent of jasmine that lingered lightly on her skin .
and he satisfied her , tirelessly , until a sheen of sweat covered his skin , and his unadulterated male scent filled her nostrils .
she breathed in his musky male scent and sensed the leashed power in him .
he smelled of a mixture of lotion , soap and light , crisp shampoo and his scent was deliciously intoxicating .
my senses were overwhelmed with his scent and i wanted to dig my fingers into his skin and devour him .
i was so consumed by his scent and his charisma that i almost forgot that he had not come alone to this event and once i remembered that i stepped away from him .
as soon as i got home i jumped in the shower and changed into my perfect outfit , made sure my hair and makeup were perfect and quickly spritzed myself with my favorite perfume .
steam rose from the filled bath , and the scent of roses drifted to her nose .
rachel inhaled his sweet , musky scent as he ran his tongue along her lips .
rachel leaned against him , inhaling his all too familiar scent .
as he moved near her , the scent of her shampoo drifted around him , making him lose track of what he 'd just been thinking about .
with that , she pulled away and stepped past him , and he found himself alone , enveloped by her scent .
the familiarity of his voice stimulated every cell in her body while his scent swirled around her , draining the strength in her knees even more , and she was grateful to be sitting .
leaning in even closer , ari breathed in his masculine scent and felt her heart race , the sound of her blood rushing through her veins echoing in her head .
he spent the next several moments running his fingers through the silken strands of her hair as he leaned down and inhaled her floral scent .
once you slept with a man like rafe , his scent washed through you , never left your consciousness .
by the time she 'd climbed from the shower , her skin was red and his bathroom was filled with her scent .
you 're always just as eager , '' he reminded her as he crushed her smooth body against him , allowing her scent to engulf him and inhaling it deeply .
she 'd inhaled the sweet scent of jasmine as she grabbed his latest note .
she did n't know what , but before she could open her eyes , she could smell the sweet scent of flowers .
when she entered the bathroom , more flowers awaited her , along with burning candles , their scent flavoring the air .
as he looked over at her pillow and inhaled her sweet scent , he knew he would n't get any sleep .
well , here goes nothing , she thought as she opened the door and made her way back to the living room after dousing herself in her favorite perfume .
he tried tuning out the whistling men , the feel of the stripper grinding against him , and the smell of her sweet perfume .
` ` first off , i knew it was you as soon as i smelled your perfume .
sinking deep down into the water , ari closed her eyes and inhaled the subtle scent of mango oil .
lia 's scent invaded his senses , and the noise from the club faded away as blood rushed through his veins .
she ran her fingernails across the damp skin of his back , breathed in his spicy scent , and felt her heart beat strongly against his .
she now had costly french perfumes , but she chose this , knowing that the scent enveloping her would ring a little bell in his brain , starting a chain of reactions that would lead him to ravish her the instant they returned to their suite .
soft music was filtering out to them , and rafe pulled ari into his arms , inhaling her unique scent as she leaned her head against his chest and the two began a slow , reverent dance .
chapter thirty - two ari inhaled deeply , reveling in the evocative scents of her mother 's flower shop .
several bottles of bubble bath sat clustered in a basket on the corner of the tub , and ari 's hardest decision in that moment , was which amazing scent to use .
he knew which scents were her favorites , knew that she preferred a luxurious bath to a diamond necklace , and most importantly , that she was in a shell , just waiting for someone to free her .
` ` mmm , i think i like this dance , too , '' she whispered as he moved his head down and inhaled her sweet scent .
` ` so beautiful , '' he said reverently before bending forward and swiping his tongue along her heat , her intoxicating scent seeping into his central nervous system and sending him into overdrive .
` ` we sure had a lot in common on christmas eve , '' he said , leaning toward her , taking in her sweet scent and instantly flooded with desire for her .
after getting rid of her tiny shorts and tinier panties , he spread her legs and licked her inner thighs , growling in his appreciation of her hot scent before he moved upward and ran his tongue along her sensitive folds .
within seconds , she forgot all about her morning breath , and she was lost in the intoxicating scent of his masculinity .
when his phone rang , he was more than grateful to take the call instead of sitting there inhaling her scent with thoughts of pulling her across his lap .
his scent surrounded her as his hands landed on the edge of the sink , a fragrance so masculine that it was intoxicating her .
she wrapped her arms around his neck , still held in thrall by the scent of him , the feel of his muscular body pressed against hers .
the heat of his body and the scent of his arousal surrounded her , and all she wanted was to melt against him and ... bong .
her scent enveloped him , and her lips tasted like sweet coffee and sin .
he was touching her , tasting her , breathing in her scent , and it was hot as hell .
inhaling his intoxicating scent , she smiled as she realized it included a hint of baby powder , which she found incredibly appealing .
lara 's breath caught as she inhaled the masculine scent of him .
she inhaled , and his masculine scent enveloped her senses .
her arms went around his neck instinctively , and his masculine , musky scent captivated her , surrounded her until she could n't think of anything except him .
he kissed her lightly on the temple and breathed in her intoxicating scent .
her arms snaked around his neck and she inhaled the scent of him , drowning in her love for him .
he caught a whiff of her perfume and had to hold himself back from burying his face in the hollow of her throat .
` ` annie , '' he stood close , inhaling the scent of soap and shampoo .