` ` because it 's creepy as hell , '' i reply , exasperated , tucking my long , ash blonde hair behind my ears .
someone knocked on the door and in came a familiar - looking boy with ash blond hair and violet eyes .
tucking several strands of ash blond hair behind her ear , lauren rested her chin on her hands and leaned forward .
i thought we might have dinner at ash .
` ` yeah about that , i meant to ask earlier ash but got sidetracked ; what the heck happened to you anyway ? ''
` ` then according to the oracles and ash , desiderius can never be killed . ''
he looked back at ash .
then she looked ash up and down , opened his coat and sighed in concern .
the bartender returned with ash 's red beans and rice .
suddenly , it dawned on him that he had never once seen ash eat food .
oh yeah , these were two of the most dangerous creatures ash had ever known .
they headed for the building with ash pulling up the rear .
he turned his head to see ash being mobbed by a group of daimons .
he had also noticed how strangely ash was behaving ; the man was much weirder than normal .
he answered it to find ash on the other end .
there was only one person besides ash who had the strength and powers to fight a god and possibly escape him .
he had truly messed up and ash had a right to vent .
a tic beat in his jaw as ash glanced away .
he started to argue , then realized ash was right .
` ` i did n't know ash liked babies . ''
he asked ash .
one corner of ash 's mouth turned up wryly .
` ` does anyone other than me think that ash is being just a little too vague about all this ? ''
talon answered for ash .
she asked ash .
sunshine saw the fury and resignation on ash 's face .
styxx moved to stand behind ash who tensed noticeably .
he did n't know what secrets ash hid , but they must be hideous to affect him like this .
for fifteen hundred years , he had never known ash to be anything but caring and decent .
he tightened his grip on ash 's throat .
who knew ash had this kind of power ?
it was an honor ash would gladly have ceded .
panting and weak from her possession , ash leaned back against her and watched as a thin trail of blood ran down his chest ... < br/ > prologue new orleans the day after mardi gras zarek leaned back in his seat as the helicopter took off .
it was something ash had never been able to tolerate with ease , and it was something she knew he hated .
it should be peaceful here and yet for all his serene composure ash was agitated .
no wonder ash took such pity on zarek .
he dialed ash 's number and pressed send .
it was what ash expected of her .
shocked , zarek did n't move as ash approached him .
he did n't know how ash had known the apollite 's name or how he 'd killed thanatos so easily .
damn ash for giving her the order not to speak to him .
i ' m going to go out on a limb here and say ash is the only one of us capable of just looking at him and making him go ' poof . ' ''
he met ash 's gaze with fired determination .
he scoffed at ash 's cynicism .
it was nice to know the news stunned ash as much as it had stunned him .
he did n't bother to ask ash how he knew about either event .
he did n't know what stunned him most , their presence or the sight of the infant ash had strapped into a baby harness , facing his chest .
the baby leaned its head back to look up at ash .
` ` i do n't want to hear it from you , o great ash .
as he walked off , he saw talon move to stand beside ash .
stryker roared with anger , then attacked ash .
stryker shot a god - bolt at ash who took it without flinching .
he looked up and the empathetic pain ash felt from urian made him take a step back .
i trust ash , at least most of the time . ''
vane stood there in silence as he thought over what ash had said .
maybe ash was right .
kyrian asked ash .
she paused by ash 's side .
vane staggered and would have fallen had ash not caught him .
worried about vane , bride stood back while ash helped him into the bed .
vane collapsed as soon as ash released him .
` ` this is ash parthenopaeus .
selena stood on her tiptoes and pulled ash down so that she could hug him .
but then ash would never forgive her if she did that to one of his men .
except for that ash parthenopaeus who is remarkably well - mannered .
` ` do you think we should call ash and tell him what happened ? ''
he looked less than pleased as he narrowed those baby blues on ash .
no one argued with ash for long .
i know that ash 's presence in the kitchen hurt you , but i do n't know why , and i felt your fury flare the minute you uncovered kyrian 's face . ''
i really do feel better with kassim and ash here . ''
which leaves kassim , who has been told by ash that if he , amanda , or marissa leave kyrian 's house before dawn , he 'll be toast . ''
everyone else from liza on down is out of here until ash gives the thumbs - up to return . ''
he 's a friend of ash and simi 's , too . ''
kyrian 's face went pale as his gaze focused on ash 's body .
when he started to lift ash up , kyrian shoved him back .
putting that out of her mind , she ran her hand over ash 's hair .
` ` kassim , '' he said , shaking her hand before they both followed the men into ash 's room .
once they had ash safely tucked into the bed , kyrian curled his lip at tabitha .
he drew up short as he caught sight of ash 's true form while the dark - hunter stood before the gilded dais that contained two gold thrones that were carved into the shape of dragons .
not even ash 's pet pterygsauri would come out to be with their master in this mood .
she started to fight until she glanced up to see ash looking less than pleased .
` ` are you going to ask ash for valerius 's soul back ? ''
` ` rissa want her mommy and daddy , akri , '' marissa said as she locked her tiny arms around ash 's neck and squeezed him tight .
as they entered the foyer , they found ash waiting for them .
was that a play on ash 's being a daimon ?
` ` well , yeah , but then i called ash myself and he corroborated it . ''
` ` i put him in the guest suite that you said ash uses whenever he visits . ''
` ` so did you teach ash how to be vague or did he teach it to you ? ''
` ` and i ' ve decided that if you and ash want to play this ... whatever , game - scenario thing that you seem to run every few centuries where you kill some of us off , then you can do it without my help .
` ` you know , ash as a daimon made a lot of sense .
` ` right , and what did ash tell you the night you met him ? ''
i forgot that part myself , but that is the spiel ash gives every dark - hunter when he first meets them .
he moved to stand to ash 's side .
` ` ca n't you call on ash 's powers to heal her ? ''
xirena was so confused that ash actually felt sorry for her .
his face stoic , ash stiffened as his back burned .
` ` yeah , and two years ago i thought ash was a friend of mine .
she asked ash as they headed for phoenix 's car .
i guess it comes down to what ash would say .
he was even better at keeping secrets than ash was .
but ash was forbidden to see his own future , or the future of anyone he cared about .
gone was the good friend who used to tease and laugh with him and in his place was an enemy ash knew was plotting his death even while he faced him .
he shoved ash again .
letting go , nick stepped back and smoothed ash 's lapels .
they 'd made the pact centuries ago , after she 'd flambeed a dark - hunter for one erroneous comment , that she would never again go after a dark - hunter without ash 's approval .
` ` you ever- '' he did n't get a chance to finish his threat before ash picked him up and tossed him wide .
but no one other than ash had seen her there .
` ` yes , but while i know i can hold my own against most creatures , ash is one i know for a fact can hand me my ass in a box therefore , i try to stay on his good side as much as possible . ''
he wanted to make sure he understood exactly what ash was saying .
but sin could understand what had put a burr up ash 's saddle .
it tried to run at ash , but it could n't .
the demon straightened before he leaned against ash to whisper in his ear .
kat stood to his right and ash to his left .
danger leaned against ash 's back to whisper up in his ear .
and it made ash want to put his brother through the wall behind him .
she answered it to find ash there with that deep , mesmerizing voice .
because he 'd been a terrified child and ash had wanted to comfort him .
it held the image of ash 's mother on one side and her sun symbol on the other .
tory watched as ash walked out of the room to take his call .
chapter 4 ash did his best to get tory out of his mind , but it was impossible .
tory glanced up as she heard the deepening of ash 's voice .
chapter 5 ash was still in bed , not quite awake , but no longer sleeping when his phone rang .
she closed the door to find ash smirking at her .
hanging up , she looked at ash who sat as still as a statue .
` ` thank you for all your help , ash .
chapter 7 ash paused as he entered the house to find the three women lined up and ... singing to ... dear gods , anything but this .
she looked up at ash and wished that she could see the eyes he kept hidden from the world .
chapter 8 ash knocked on tory 's front door .
tory picked up the pizza remains as she remembered ash telling her that he had no family either .
gods , how he wanted a piece of this woman ... tory could n't breathe as ash stood so near her , she could feel his body heat .
she was glad to meet someone ash knew really well .
the fact that ash had closed himself off entirely from the subject said it all .
she was almost to it when toby grabbed the ball and ash put him up on his shoulders .
` ` okay boys , tell ash thank you , but it 's time for us to go and let the next team have the court . ''
` ` aw , mom , '' zack whined as ash set him on his feet .
without thinking , tory put her hands on ash 's h*ps and leaned against his back .
in that instant , ash saw everything about him and the organization he served .
chapter 10 ash sank to his knees in the middle of the er as the pain from his injuries and an overwhelming , unbelievable wave of grief and anger assailed him .
he clapped his hand on ash 's shoulder .
wanting to be alone , ash walked through the palace even though he could teleport .
` ` see this is what happens , '' kim said to pam before she looked back at ash .
she looked to ash who appeared to be watching her .
tory looked over at ash who was standing back with that stoicism he wore like a force field to keep the rest of the world away .
she put her hand over the one ash had resting on her railing and gave a light squeeze .
` ` i ' m not that blind , but i do n't think of ash that way .
she turned back to ash who made sure his ass was covered .
chapter 12 ash had just stepped back into tory 's room when his phone rang again .
the man ran up onto the back of ash 's car .
the fact he was human made ash extremely curious since only the most powerful of their breed could do that .
and as soon as dev saw him , he reached to the small remote on his belt to cue the song ` ` sweet home alabama '' to play inside the bar , alerting the rest of the inhuman inhabitants that ash was about to enter the building .
tory looked down to see a thick gold band on ash 's thumb .
` ` the band 's guitarist jammed two fingers right before they were supposed to play so they begged ash to cover for him . ''
tory barely heard him as ash approached her slowly and for the first time she saw hesitancy in his powerful gait .
and given ash 's height , think of it more like pole vaulting . ''
tory yelped at the pleasant pain that was followed by his hands delving even deeper inside her as ash moved his mouth to kiss her at the base of her spine .
can i get the normal , brooding ash back ? ''
theo had just moved his bishop to take down ash 's queen when the old man grabbed at his chest and started groaning .
but i think akri likes ash best cause that 's what he tells most people when he meets them nowadays . ''
she thought ash only elicited that kind of anger from her .
` ` what do you mean the heifer goddess is hurting ash ?
knowing ash as well as she did , she knew satara would n't have gotten that tidbit from him .
unsure of what caused it , tory looked to her right to find ash standing outside the bathroom with one arm braced against the wall .
now she fully understood what ash had endured as a human being .
all except stryker who glared at the blond man beside ash with an expression that was best defined as pained hatred .
tory frowned at ash 's words .
tory hid a smile as she finally understood exactly what ash 's job was and why he described himself as a wrangler .
give in to me , ash .
she had n't seen or heard from ash in days and the fact that he 'd left her in sole possession of his prized backpack made her wonder if something bad had n't happened to him .
throwing his head back , ash bellowed from the weight of guilt and pain that assaulted him .
` ` good - bye , artemis , and for your own sake , should you ever find someone who loves you the way ash once did , take better care of him . ''
tory never grew tired of hearing the memories of ash 's past .
i know some of you were there in nashville to witness the debacle of my extreme humiliation ... '' she narrowed her gaze at ash who had the good grace and sense to look sheepish and contrite , ` ` but as you know , my team , a couple of weeks ago , excavated a large section of the underwater ruins we believed to be atlantis . ''
her heart hammering , she looked at ash whose face was now pale .
as they left , simi punched ash in the arm .
tory frowned as ash turned around and walked backwards while smiling at her .
the floor under her feet lit up like a 1970s disco as ash twirled her under his arm .
her friend pam , as the maid of honor , was paired with ash 's best man ... savitar .
the center stone was flanked by smaller white diamonds in a very antique and unique setting - tory had decided to go with the more traditional ancient custom of having a single wedding ring with a stone - just as they would have done in ash 's lifetime .
of course that was probably more from the shock value of ash getting married than anything else .
savitar averted his gaze , affirming ash 's suspicion .
` ` jericho and delphine , meet ash parthenopaeus and his wife , soteria .
at least until ash spoke again .
jericho could n't have been more stunned had ash stood up and hit him with the guitar .
` ` it really makes you wonder how ash manages to handle the dark - hunters , does n't it ? ''
and i think i know how ash handles his crew . ''
there was nothing more to be done to help them and ash hated that most of all .
apparently there 's been a rash on demon slayings lately and ash thinks it 's a harbinger for us , saying we 're screwed . ''
but that makes ash think it was done as a warning to us and not to scare the humans .
` ` i assume he hates ash for being the dark - hunter leader .
'cause that was just her luck and ash 's sick sense of humor .
but what concerned ash most was that nick whispered in a language ash did n't know .
he actually blushed before he returned to glaring at ash .
dev had never thought he 'd ever meet someone who could make savitar or ash appear normal , but thorn ...
ignoring the question , ash picked up the paper .
` ` it 's what ash told me to do when i talked to him before we went questing for you .
sam was stunned ash let anyone talk to him like that .
he could n't imagine anyone threatening ash .
nick curled his lip at the mention of ash 's name , but he did n't say anything about him .
she paused at ash 's question .
he did a double take on ash 's short black hair as a sick feeling went through him .
except for ash who reached out to lower ren 's arm .
gone was the fun - loving boy who used to tease ash .
while ash was considered a final fate god , he was n't the only one .
not until he saw ash grab one of the gate guardians and head - slam his ass into the wall .
it might have worked had ash been a couple of feet shorter .
however , given ash 's lengthy past condemnations of wanton bloodshed , ren wanted to make double sure that they were on the same page .
ren gaped at ash 's abilities .
dante asked , stunned by ash 's confession .
just like ash had promised him a year ago when he told him to come to atlanta , it had been a remarkable weekend that would stay with him forever .
she moved to stand before ash .
` ` hi , '' he said , half - expecting to see ash with her .
now you know why ash keeps so many secrets from everyone .
five ash vines .
` ` i seek ash vines .
if we get separated , we meet at ash springs .
` ` actually , i think the biggest problem is that ash wants to dislike you . ''
` ` no argument there , but that ash guy barely glanced at you all night and kept his eyes glued on cross . ''
i do n't mean to be impolite , but i so prefer the simple name ash that often i do n't answer to the other . ''
then gradually he realized ash was standing beside him , and looking down at him .
in instinctive fear and revulsion , yuri lay still , not moving , eyes fixed forward on the wool of ash 's long coat .
his breath came in snorts , but none of this repelled ash , who had always loved samuel .
and ash is not an idiot . ''
i mean , you 're saying that ash and samuel are only five minutes away from this hotel . ''
you want to trust ash that he has told us the truth ? ''
poor soul , he is crazy , thought ash , truly .
these witches , their eyes , thought ash desperately .
she made a dazzle in ash 's vision , glinting slightly in the dark car .
when ash and his prisoner emerged from the pub , gordon looked resentful and desperate .
he caught up with ash at the head of the stairway and disappeared out of michael 's sight .
she drew ash closer .
what went on in ash 's mind ?
he glared at ash , accusingly .
something changed again in ash 's face .
` ` get on with it , please , gordon , '' said michael , throwing a pointed glance at ash .
to see the mild face of ash disfigured with rage was a terrible thing to behold .
rowan 's eyes were searching ash 's face .
she was giving ash permission to kill him .
it was ash who made the swift move to close the gap between himself and the man .
slowly ash nodded .
i love ash the way i loved aaron .
no one knows if what ash has said is true , that she will die soon . ''
everything that surrounds ash reflects his personality .
will you tell the others for me , ash and rowan ? ''
we hire those who are unobtrusive , ash thought , and then they ca n't comfort us ; what we tolerate can not save us .
but then i think of ash , and that is something to contemplate rather than all the sad things . ''
the purple on your right are dogwoods and ash .
` ` now that i can see , i ca n't help but wonder , what would the spirit of an ash or a wild hickory of the forests i grew up in look like .
he was a small , nervous man , with thinning ash blond hair and wide - spaced hazel eyes .
tall maple and ash trees lined the sidewalks , and manicured lawns framed the massive houses set back from the road .
she was wearing khaki trousers and a cardigan , her ash blond hair cut in a feathery sort of bob .
i ' m five foot seven and i have ash blonde hair and hazel eyes .
still , i threw open my door , folded out of my car and clicked on my high - heeled sandals across the street ( i had n't changed , for a reason that would hopefully work for me ) , up ren 's brick paved front walk and to his ash green front door .
all ash was aware of was the clicking of his boot against the floor as he progressed toward the beauty .
though he loved his brother more than his own life , it seemed ash was always left with nothing while his brother was given everything .
not counting the elderly man who stood directly in front of ash , the rest of the men could n't be over the age of one and twenty !
` ` i think he 's serious , '' said the young guard standing closest to the elderly man , his eyes widening as if trying to take in ash 's form .
he bent over to pick it up , giving ash full view of what the men were so keen on protecting .
` ` before , '' the elderly man answered as ash opened his mouth .
pierce cursed as he examined the scars on ash 's back .
would explain why he felt the need to drive ash mad .
curses exploded out of his mouth as ash pulled her flush against his body , his grip on her arm tightening to a near pain .
a wave of thankfulness for the subject change washed over ash .
sofia jolted from the chair and scrambled to her feet just as ash knocked and let himself in .
a loud clamoring jolted ash out of bed , promptly depositing him onto the cold hard floor .
she had n't slept very well , considering she 'd shared the bed with ash .
` ` i do look forward to more stories of ash 's ... heroic tendencies . ''
` ` deep in thought , i 'd say ... '' pierce trotted his horse up alongside ash .
the royal guard for the princess rode behind them , though a few were riding in ash 's carriage .
` ` ten years ... '' pierce clicked his tongue , urging his horse forward so that he was a pace ahead of ash .
so why did it bother ash as much as it did ?
dominique glanced at the men then back at ash , his eyes pleading .
dominique stood and slapped ash on the shoulder .
and ash was still standing there - feeling like a fool .
-the grimm reaper in hindsight , moving furniture was probably an idea brought on by too much whiskey and the warm buzz of lust currently shooting through ash 's system .
the valet whose name ash still could n't recall , held open the black dinner jacket .
he 'll be too distracted by that simple motion to think of anything else but- '' a sort of alarm went off in ash 's head , warning him to stop talking , but he always did charge toward danger willingly .
for ash had experienced one thing that she never would .
why was it so important that she gain ash 's approval ?
so the valet had dressed ash up like a peacock .
i imagine , in ash 's head , it 's a whimpering yes followed by a shout and then complete and utter fear . ''
the princess 's safety ... '' and her innocence , thought ash .
saving the princess 's honor ... '' his voice trailed off as he jerked away from ash 's grip .
pierce 's dark chuckle had ash almost running after him , tumbling down the stairs , and pulling his pistol .
she said nothing while ash blew out both candles and blanketed the room in moonlight .
which left ash damned uncomfortable .
about her and ash ?
-the grimm reaper ash tried desperately to act normal during the afternoon outing at hyde park , if normal consisted of an abhorrent amount of indecent thoughts about pressing sofia against the nearest tree and claiming her as his .
it was on the verge of ash 's tongue to blurt out an excuse , but only because he wanted sofia to himself - all to himself - and that was n't fair .
was it not bad enough that ash could barely restrain himself from taking the girl 's virginity ?
the carriage ride was too short , just like ash 's grasp on reality , for he desperately wanted to live in a fairytale world where he could simply kidnap the princess and live happily ever after .
the announcement jolted ash out of his daze .
she peered around ash .
that was what ash was afraid of , for she was pure - only barely , and that was because he could n't find it within himself to take her virginity .
she should be happy ; she was going to marry ash , after all .
the man that he had buried so long ago - she had pulled free of his chains , only to have ash lock him back up again .
she imagined a world where there was no evil , a world where peter was n't touching her intimately ... a world where only she and ash existed .
` ` i think ... '' the surgeon reached for a pair of forceps and leaned over ash 's body , his face nearly touching ash 's skin .
the doctor let out a soft chuckle and finished sewing ash 's wound while sofia pulled a chair to his bedside .
dominique pointed his finger at ash 's face .
he looked up at ash , who seemed to have aged over the years .
` ` yes , and because ash has taken responsibility for ... what must be done .
after all , they had just discovered not but two days ago what ash had been doing for the past nine years , and it had n't been taking up the arts of painting or poetry .
she had ash blond hair that was braided in a crown around her face .
and , of course , the land was well populated with a number of ancient ash and oak and dogwood trees .
` ` but the seer ... '' she reached down to grasp ash 's chin , jerking his head back to meet her lethal gaze .
nat and ash come to stand by nik and tina .
it takes true friends to do what tina and nik are doing for nat and ash .
they 're nat and ash 's babies .
i ca n't hear what 's being said from here , but from the sly smile on max 's face as he speaks and the way the others start laughing , i can tell he 's being a smartass and clearly has a death - wish for winding ash up the way he is .
i ' ve seen what ash can do when he 's pushed .
but ash is too busy focusing on the prior remark .
not to mention , she probably would ' ve told ash .
she turns in her seat to look at me in the back seat while ash drives .
i shove them in my pockets and walk past ash through the open door .
just as we enter the center , ash opens his mouth .
i nudge ash with my shoulder .
i turn to find him smiling up at ash like a fool .
what had nat and ash done now ?
so i guess it should n't have shocked me that ash would give me a bogus rent figure .
at that moment , ash walks out of the bathroom , wiping his hands on a rag .
oh my godfather , ash .
wearing tennis shoes , jeans and a dark shirt , allie slipped through the tall white ash and silver maple trees that lined the back of joe 's yard and approached the screened - in porch .
` ` hello , william , '' he said , greeting the ash mountain alpha and then letting his gaze roam out to the rest of them , standing there watching us .
the ash mountain alpha asked .
the ash meadow alpha , the alpha from flint creek , shay - none of them would have let a female live on the edges of their territories .
` ` the ash mountain alpha votes in favor of this proposal . ''
i lit it up and looked over at ash .
` ` at least you have ash to take your mind off of her . ''
i did n't want sky to have to hear her calling her names , which ash was famous for .
i ai n't sayin ' i want to be with ash , but i want to be a part of its life .
as if i did n't resent ash for not being there for my sister , i hated her even more for ruining my life .
i just did n't want to give ash any more reasons to want to destroy his life .
did he decide to stay with ash ?
we 'd been so happy before all this ash drama had begun .
i was worried about sky and hoping ash got her shit and got out of my life .
he was n't yelling , so i assumed he was not talking to ash .
i went outside and found him and ash on the beach .
that 's what i heard him telling ash at the hospital , '' sky added .
i waited until i got home to meet up with ash .
i ' m going to tell them that i slept with ash that night .
i need to make this right , ash .
i left before ash could give me her two - cents .
` ` is it because of what she was asking ash ?
mom 's spendin ' the night with ash and the kids , just in case she needs help . ''
i miss ash and the kids .
i stepped onto one of the ash gray cobblestone paths that led down to the lower quads , where the student dorms and other smal er outbuildings dotted the landscape .
since i did n't have anything to do or anywhere to be for a while , i decided to wander along one of the ash gray cobblestone paths that ran parallel to the wall and see where it took me .
airplane rides with beautiful ocean views ash scattering over the atlantic flight school in august i had watched the tiny hall aviation planes skim low over the grass beside the runway and snag banners that unfurled behind them in the air , many times longer than the planes themselves .
a note written in one of the margins noted that the best stakes were made of ash , juniper , buckthorn , whitethorn , or hawthorn , with hawthorn being the wood of choice for most hunters .
the younger britlingen was less statuesque than batanya , and while batanya looked like a striking hawk with dark curls , clovache was lighter altogether , with feathery ash - brown hair that needed a good stylist and big green eyes with high , arched brows .
i 'll just call ash up and tell her she has to summon me the h - e - double - hockey - sticks out of here . ` `
` ` i 'll tell ash you send her love , ' k ?
` ` lady ash and two pups survived .
he needed to talk about it and ash needed the distraction from her own life .
the ash blond color with natural - looking highlights on top and lowlights underneath is a hard set - up to get perfect , but i ' ve done it .
her style and perfectly coiffed ash blond hair and tip - tilted crystal blue eyes were still very attractive .
it lay in the center of a small grove of white ash and hemlock , and was shielded on the east by a jagged outcropping of lichen - covered rock .
after checking to make sure no one else was watching , saul squeezed through the gap and ploughed through deep snow under the line of bare ash trees .
ash you can do it , just look at this thing on the top and shoot using it .
you may do the honours , ash .
acacia and eucalyptus predominated among the trees ; yet there were ash and oak and even pine and fir and hemlock .
the woman , who seemed to be in her early thirties , with overly processed ash blonde hair styled into a fluffy bob regarded her coolly .
it had been dyed ash blond and styled in a fashionable bob that stopped just above her chin .
the ash forest : one of the defense forests planted to defend babylonia from possible vampire invasion from the land of arges .
cleaned and thoroughly showered , vann strolled along the side beach , a pleasant breeze ruffling his ash blonde hair .
blood stood out starkly in his ash blonde hair .
they marched for another day , stopping that night to camp in the sparsely populated woodlands of oak and ash .
pale skin , ash brown hair , bustling green eyes , were the features of the man very close to him .
he wove along the road between ash and elm , through the city centre where the great shale platform bides its time , and past the disfigured pacific red cedar .
the chert - filled sandstone met the ocean abruptly where the spruce and ash crowded small patches of foxglove , and the boto slipped around the corner .
well , you did , said ash and nodded her head .
i m always hungry , mumbled ash .
he looked up and saw that ash was looking toward the far end of the parking lot .
you re sweating , said ash .
asked ash , taking a big drink of the perfectly made sweet tea .
and he did ; ash was now trained with two types of blade and a crossbow ; the short blade was his favourite , but carnat said that ash was better off using the crossbow for now .
so , ash asked , curious , what are you ?
a tugging thought came into ash 's head .
carnat looked back at ash and nodded to him .
chapter 37 ash 3 the nights were dark , and no stars could be seen .
it took ash a moment to realise that carnat was asking about his fear .
chapter 49 ash 4 it was the day of ash 's second fight .
neat ash trees grew in uniform rows along both sides of the street .
once you learn it , you ca nt go back ; you wo nt want to go back ash rested his chin on the arch of his interlocked hands , looking at his son .
chases family , the dunnabels , owned the dunnabel armory to which ash and hazel had dedicated their lives .
for information address lazlo ferran at : lazloferran @ gmail.com acknowledgments thanks to ash and pedro .
he brushed his hair back from his forehead , leaving a fresh smear and now making her think of penitents on ash wednesday .
he tried to look away from the ash tree which had caught his eye .
` ` the ash is a noble tree , and full of power , '' roland remarked from behind him , but eddie barely heard .
for one thing , he had n't seen another ash - tree since the day he had cut this particular piece of wood .
a well - worn path led up a slope of oak , ash , and beech .
chapter eleven i sat on the love seat while anna ash made coffee .
they walked along the hedge .. shaded lane for a hundred yards until they reached the ash tree .
it was dawn , and he could just make out details of the countryside around him : almost leafless oak , and ash , and beech trees , readily identifiable by the shapes of their trunks .
he rolled clumsily and pushed and squirmed backward , using the strength of his arms , until he was sitting with his back to the trunk of a tall ash .
they plunged under the heart tree and around the cold pool , through the blackberry bushes , under a tangle of oaks and ash and hawthorn scrub , to the far side of the wood ... and there it was , the shadow he 'd glimpsed without seeing , the slanting tree pointing at the rooftops .
he remembered their godswood ; the tall sentinels armored in their grey - green needles , the great oaks , the hawthorn and ash and soldier pines , and at the center the heart tree standing like some pale giant frozen in time .
trees clung to its lower slopes , pines and hawthorn and ash , but higher up the ground was bare , the ridgeline stark against the cloudy sky .
they sheltered in a small grove of oak and ash beside a sluggish stream .
so many stars , he thought as he trudged up the slope through pines and firs and ash .
and above the soldier pines and oaks and ash and sentinels stood the wall , the ice pale and glimmering beneath the dust and dirt that pocked its surface .
elsewhere skeletal elm and ash and scrub oaks choked the ground like weeds .
they dangled under ash and alder , beech and birch , larch and elm , hoary old willows and stately chestnut trees .
his left was hidden beneath a fall of ash blond hair .
the drunkard was an ash tree , twisted sideways by centuries of wind .
the sound of the waves washing against a rocky shore was in her blood , but there were no waves at deepwood motte ... only the trees , the endless trees , soldier pines and sentinels , beech and ash and ancient oaks , chestnut trees and ironwoods and firs .
these ships are made of rope and pitch and canvas , of qohorik pine and teak from sothoros , old oak from great norvos , yew and ash and spruce .
before your mama ash does nt finish .
ashs mom allows her son to be housed and raised by myra and indirectly by mrs . drake while ash lives within the hatem manor for three long years like a pseudo - son to nice spanish spinster myra and an annoying new step - brother to drake .
drake and ash likes to think each other as real brothers only without the shared blood molecules since ash would do anything for the hatem family tree that includes steal , cheat , lie.and other sinful acts .
drake and ash likes to think each other as real brothers only without the shared blood molecules since ash would do anything for the hatem family tree that includes steal , cheat , lie.and other sinful acts .
she smiles sweetly with a toothy grin since myra has guessed correctly the foreign word without her eardrums hearing the proper spanish pronunciation because ash has practiced this particular greeting since 2007 .
there are two lavabos as ash would say and between the lavabos , slightly more towards drakes bed frame there s a set of secretly disguised doors that appear part of the yellow plastered wall with a big hidden secret space of 20 feet long by 15 feet comprising a girly walk - in closet with numerous built - in vertical and horizontal shelves .
drake walks between ash and josh who stand at two corners of the small pub table , folding his naked biceps arms over clean t - shirt , lecturing quickly in deep baritone .
back to business ash and josh look at each other , smiling goofy then simultaneously name .
then , he and ash hoot like a pair of mating woodlands spotted brown owls as josh claps both his hands for attention .
ex , ash sings the first latin word of the chant in tenor trumpet .
josh stops his immediate task then neck snaps his skull at ash , complimenting awesomely .
josh is regally posed like a concrete lion on the left of drake while ash kneecaps like a gargoyle statue on the right of drake then drakes slaps his hands on top of his folded legs and stares at the first candle .
josh violently shakes the tiny box of read wooden fire matches next to his smiling lips as ash giggles like a girl at the silly hollywood pic .
josh smart - asses then grins as he and ash snigger like a pair of slick weasels .
looks good on a college application ash remarks , business - like , nodding his skull in agreement .
you are correct and articulate as always , ash .
i entered the tiny park with its towering ash trees and walls covered with late roses and felt my jangling nerves settle slightly .
she looked at her list and found quickly a white oak leaf , soft maple that was nt as colorful as the sugar maples and an ash leaf .
on tv , the ash news anchor concluding on the six oclock news disturbs my thoughts .
he was dressed in robes of an ash grey with a black trimming and he wore a chain of office around his neck .
his sharp , dark eyesthe same shade of ash brown as his hairlooked into mine for the first time , and i froze .
you have an amazing sense of humour , ash .
you can call me ash .
he was telling him or her about ash being at the club and saying that they needed to push harder for the negotiation with the mesen .
i m sure preston and ash know about it .
we have to hurrypreston and ash can not be a part of what were doing .
dhelia leaves with aunt morgan to arrange for ash and aidans trip next week , so gram moves back to her chair to hold paps hand while dru reads .
i tilt the cake towards ash and aidan .
she turns toward the kitchen , but ash interjects rather abruptly .
ash looks at gramwinksthen asks her to hold out her palm .
both ash and aidan hang their heads as she rubs their backs .
when i m around ash , i think about magicians for some reason .
with his eyes now full of tears , he looks across the room at ash and aidan with such pride .
i try to link - in with ash to see if i can conjure a card .
i m sure we were all just glad that ash would be able to secure a noble place in concord society .
after class , it was ash who had initiated things .
she lacked the natural confidence and smoothness ash possessed .
his father had died when ash was only six .
or to make ash less tolerant of her and not let her get away with so much ?
because what had frightened itzy most about her relationship with ash was that she could easily imagine him turning into myra , and itzy into stephen , and there was just no way she could allow that to happen .
she had nt even known ash liked that sort of music .
where ash was gentle and sincere , seth was playful and arrogant .
it sounded like the sort of thing ash might have on dvd .
this was ash being protective over her , just as he always had done .
it was strange how she was the one in the desperate situation , and yet it was ash who came out sounding like he needed her .
and you re just too strong for someone like ash .
even when she was with ash , he never pried .
when itzy answered , she found ash standing on her doorstep .
hiya , she greeted ash .
she rushed past oz and stood beside ash , planting a cautious kiss on his cheek .
she dared to check their reactions and found ash was looking at her , again , as if he d never known her before .
i dart short distances , carefully angling my body behind grasses , bushes , and scattered clusters of young larch , ash , and aspen that aim to add to the effectiveness of the electric barrier .
when ash blinked , the man disappeared again .
oh ash , stop being so dramatic , she laughed .
the man had stepped out of the pages of a horror novel and ash knew that if he caught them , terrible things would happen .
when the doctor saw that ash was awake , he came over to him , shined a light into his eyes , and glanced at the monitors .
she wanted to comfort ash , who was wearing the look of a lost and very frightened little boy .
her parents were talking to the doctor while ash stared blankly at a wall .
he looked as though he knew ash was in pain , and as though that pain brought him joy .
this did nt seem like the ash she knew .
she blushed at the sight of ash looking her over with his baby blue eyes .
it took ash a moment to realize that she was talking about finlay .
he was nothing like ash imagined .
he was faster than anyone ash had ever seen , regardless of race .
chapter three ash the faint sound of horrible singing is what prompted ash to open his eyes .
one of the guards , whom ash recognized as a keeper a few years below himself moved to open one of the large doors .
a teasing voice caused ash to straighten up and look over at the open door .
they would gripe about ash sneaking around and breaking his oath .
the redheaded official slowly turned to look at ash and he started to circle him while staring at him dead on .
something about this official scared ash .
once again ash inhaled that familiar smell of fruity smoke and sweat .
she bit back her irritation at the girl and turned her attention back to ash , who was walking away from them .
he glanced over at ash and glared at him accusingly , you have brought them here .
the last thing ash wanted to do was have to deal with her counterpart .
her voice trailed off but strangely ash knew what she was thinking .
she cried , stepping back from ash so his arm fell off her shoulder .
leon pulled her close , making ash feel a bit more uncomfortable , again .
annalise pulling away from leon to turn and address ash , she was disappointed to see that he was already inside of the house .
she knew that there would never be anything between her and ash .
she was still angry , so angry she wanted to step back from him , but if she and ash were to get anything accomplished , she needed to be at her best and healed .
it was then that ash realized he had probably been sitting there for minutes not moving .
she needed a good kissing , and ash was certain he was the person for the job .
she started to walk along the sand ; so ash kept up .
she was lost in a trance , a dream inside her head that ash could nt see .
chapter seven annalise just as the bright sun was rising , annalise found herself standing on the secluded beach , occasionally casting her eyes back on ash to make sure he was safe and then up at the beautiful shining stars before they had gone .
tapping the gold quickly , she felt herself and ash being teleported to another level of the world .
knowing that he had been deeply kissing the mortal when they arrived and his intentions with her , as well as annalises own insecurities with the subject brought out feelings in her that she certainly did not want ash to see .
she certainly did not want ash to see her as insecure , even though she was .
it was then that ash noticed what arie had dressed her in .
thank you ash .
arie threw a small gun at ash , which he promptly caught with one hand .
however , she did nt want to lose herself in the process ; that is what was making ash be protective of her , and she found that she enjoyed that .
he must have recognized ash as a keeper , probably unaware he was not currently active .
it means that ash here is part seraph now .
feeling the guilt yet ash ?
he turned around to look at ash .
jaron brought his blade up as ash made that last comment .
this time ash was ready and grabbed his hand firmly once again trying to knock the blade from his grip .
an eye for an eye , ash deserves to die .
arie suddenly understood what was going on , she wrapped her arms around ash and held him tightly .
seeing finlay so clean made ash long for the same .
she glanced over at ash , who was walking towards her once again , and tried not to run out the door .
she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see ash giving her a worried look .
annalise finished walking down the ladder and felt ash grab her waist and help her down off the last step .
nothing much was said by either she or ash for the first hour or so as they walked .
her words paused as she heard ash cry out .
annalise jumped up and ran over to where they were to see ash holding his arm .
annalise left some space between her and ash , still unsure of how to act now that they were alone .
it was difficult enough being around ash when she did care for him , and not being sure if things could ever work between them .
he knew she was afraid of his answer , and frankly ash did nt want to give one to her .
she was seeing the warrior inside of him now , not the cocky , fun ash .
arie stepped beside ash and pulled her gun out .
well annas wings are smaller than mine , and ash you weigh twice as much as arie , finlay pointed out , will you be satisfied if i carry you and leon carried arie ?
there was no way that ash was going to put his arms around leon , no matter what the situation .
it made ash want to run his blade through her just to shut her up .
he then glanced back and forth between her and ash as if they were the most interesting thing around .
this made ash pause and turn to look at the seraph .
she looked over at ash , do you hear that ?
they would take turns pointing and laughing at ash , making comments about him and the ladies .
leon asked and pointed over to where ash sat .
leon sighed and looked at the wall behind ash .
leon bent down to look ash in the eyes .
the sound of annalises sweet voice from behind him made ash turn around .
one of the girls jumped toward ash , but he sidestepped the attack and let her hit the ground .
unless , leons plan had been to make ash look weak all along .
she followed behind him quickly , eyes looking back to make sure ash was in tow .
it is just thati spoke with ash about the bond .
she let out a cry and could see ash tense up to come after her .
her fear of losing ash fed every drop of her affinity and fight .
she had also agreed with ash when he said the bond was her fear .
once she was safely on the ground ash stood up , his eyes blazing with anger .
the sound of movement from the room behind them made ash tense up .
she could feel ash focusing with her , his hands moving along her arms to stretch out as hers did , their emotions mingled strongly once again as he held onto her .
it was ash who was manipulating her affinity to make it his own and moving it over to engulf the fallen creature .
so ash told finlay .
what crimes has ash committed ?
he looked intrigued to see a seraph defending ash .
sune held out his hand and ash gripped it firmly .
if something happens and ash can not fulfill his obligation , finlay will be forced to bring the child instead .
no wonder you have so many messed up intimacy issues , she told ash .
the small voice made ash snap out of his thoughts and look up into the eyes of the small seraph standing across from him .
she had already made up her mind and ash was helpless to change it .
the names not important ash , why the hell are you telling me this ?
skylar stalked toward ash and grabbed her by the back of her blonde head before she smashed her face into the nearest tree trunk .
miranda started to wave at ash only to realize how childish it looked .
what about ash , is he a contender , or is he more a passing crush ?
miranda created a little distance between her and ash .
she stood more upright and faced ash .
she wondered about the singing too , did she go and see ash ?
is nt ash the coolest name in the world ?
no , i did nt kiss ash .
where is the ash coralia told me about ?
i think ill check on ash and khan , she said , heading for the corridor .
red squirrels and rabbits scampered excitedly away from us , beneath the alders , birches and blowing ash trees .
there are none like ash and khan .
his ash brown hair was disheveled and he stumbled as he tried to speak clearly .
the ghost could nt see him , not behind all of deynas ash blonde hair .
to these carefully selected branches , he added white birch , representing what the lady knows , taking care to remember , too , the beneficial associations of elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
to these great timbers , he added carefully chosen woods such as birch , elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
yes , i m out of a job in 2 weeks time ash abi replied , stifling a tear .
a row of large shrubs , lining the property cornering ash street , blocked his view of the pitre lane houses .
they watched for a few minutes from the cover of the large flowering shrubs at the corner of ash and pitre .
chapter 25 daniel made u - turn on ash to avoid driving by the white bungalow .
as she broke through the ash , elm and oak trees into the clearing she saw nick kneeling beside a distressed roe deer fawn , which was lying on the ground .
his shoulder length ash blond hair gleamed dully under the pale moonlight drifting in slivers through the clouds that marched across the sky .
that - was an eye - opener and a tipping point for a lot of people , she said at last , starting forward through the cordon of ash trees that lined the roadway and keeping her voice low .
his ash blond hair was now longer than mine , a fact i wanted to argue with janelle about since frankly i thought my new cut made me look like a bit of a dyke , but he thought it was cool .
if adam , even with his reporters flair for words , had described her , he would have had to describe her as being of medium build , medium height , with no distinguishing characteristics other than her ash blonde hair that was cut short in a style that definitely did not flatter her .
in her minds eye , the diminutive five foot one and seven stone claudia could see her almost six foot tall athletic friend her ash blond hair cropped stylishly short for that extra bit of streamlined efficiency in her triathlon - filled weekends .
majestic evergreens , ash and oaks rose abruptly at the dividing line , with lots of snow patches on the ground where the sun touched only weakly .
she decided to wear her ash blond hair pulled back with a banana clip , and her make - up was simple and light .
her hair was ash blonde and professionally styled , like something you d see nichole kidman sporting at the oscars .
it was largely overgrown and followed the tall beech , oak and ash trees .
her hair dyed ash blonde and twisted into a fashionably careless bun , she laid the oxonian accent on extra thick , a power play aimed at his working class subconscious .
cole always loved how the huge , old , ash trees loomed over the street , growing together and forming a massive green arch .
chapter ten even the old ash tree 's trunk , shone in a golden glow .
miss nicky gady had an angelic face and ash blond hair .
monday , april 4 , 2022 in the mountains of western maryland , beneath the overhanging limbs of dense groves of adler , ash , beech and hackberry , there winds a narrow , disused , rough old road upon which slowly moves a procession of black suvs with many tiny prickly antennas , darkened windows and obscure official federal license plates .
her ash blonde hair was uncharacteristically messy , and her lithe figure for once faked lethargy .
maybe ash needs help .
acknowledgments thanks to ash , derek , ellen , gary , janet and lorna .
there was a gravel circle with a stunted ash tree planted at its center .
it is for men to be oak and ash . '' )
it was of the palest ash blonde and shone almost silver under the electric light .
she had the wildest possible urchin cut in ash blonde , a pert nose , a wide laughing mouth and a black ribbon round her throat .
instead , pieces of pine , ash , and oak were fused together .
its security fence surrounded one hundred and twenty - five acres sheltered by a thick growth of oak , hickory , aspen , poplar , and ash .
oak , beech , chestnut , ash .
he had a destination in mind : the beretta , now nestled under a nearby ash tree .
she reached into her bag for a fresh roll and flicked open the back of the camera , sean noticing that her ash blond hair had darkened at the temples and bangs .
i ' m having dinner with mom and ash .
tuesdays were my dinner with mom and ash .
i wondered if i should tell ash about it .
mom and ash both cocked an eyebrow at me and blushing slightly , i murmured , ` ` i missed lunch . ''
mom and ash shifted their gazes to me accordingly .
we waved to mom and ash as they took off together and then we piled spike into teren 's car and planned to part ways .
i had ash hide the dress for me at her place , which was my old place .
the steeply angled staircase was a little uncomfortable for ash , so much so that mom told me that she sometimes slept on the couch in the living room .
staring at the door below me , i felt my mom and ash stumble from their room to enter the hallway with me .
both mom and ash jumped , but teren , nika and i only looked down .
my mom and ash wanted to head out too , but i made them stay behind .
it 's either her or that guy ash at the club .
and when she said it , something flashed in ash 's face -- something there and gone before she could really analyze it .
she took another step toward ash , who was still smiling .
she got the shovel and started down the road west.as she walked she found that she was able to put ash out of her mind completely .
whatever she felt about ash , she was n't afraid of him .
all three girls looked at ash with narrowed eyes .
she asked ash , who was coming slowly downstairs .
the sisters and ash were waiting at burdock farm .
markfollowed , ricocheting off ash who was just comingaround the comer himself .
` ` if you 'd go away soon , it would be easier , '' shesaid , moving away from ash .
the corner of ash 's mouth jerked .
she met ash 's eyes and saw something that startled her .
ash bent and picked up a broken - off yew branch lying at the footof a twisted tree .
` ` claudine always said this would happen , '' shesaid grimly as ash pulled her back farther , ` ` only i think she meant it would happen with me in it . ''
iwas alreadyweak from what ash and i did - and now i ca n't move at all .
i had to defend myself , i had to save ash .
when theywere outside in the twilight ash shut the door be hind them .
she laughed and so did ash .
not a bat ; i did n't have an ash tree in the garden , and i 'd probably need some of the inner bark .
i shouted , lurching up to stare into the canopy of the nearby ash tree .
they 're in the garden right now , making rings around the ash tree and singing about cold steel . ''
the black ash wood was polished to a sheen and carved with elaborate inscriptions .
it was a boy with ash blond hair , even lighter than phil 's .
` ` there 's something i forgot my cousin ash is supposed to show up thisweek .
she turned and saw a boy with ash blond hair .
butshe did n't want to be alone with ash , either .
poppy was onlyuseful to ash as long as ash thought he could playwith her .
an odd smile was playing around ash 's lips .
i thought i was just yelling at ash .
oak and ash .
` ` do you think this is an oak or an ash ? ''
` ` last summer you let ash and his sisters get away with running out on the enclave .
'cause aside from the money thing you seem really normal and ash ... really not . ''
nick grabbed the door handle and held on for his life as ash pulled into traffic at supersonic speed .
last thing he needed to do was distract ash while he was driving at warp speed .
he looked over at ash , who was driving through the dark night with his sunglasses still in place .
what was ash trying to protect himself from ?
` ` met a friend of his named ash parthen - something i ca n't pronounce . ''
though that did n't make sense if ash could mind - wipe everyone .
` ` be careful with my baby , ash .
he did at least give ash time to get out of sight before he opened the car door and headed over to the scene .
he started to tell ash about that , but something inside told him to keep it quiet .
there was a lot of hidden pain in ash 's tone .
nick got in and buckled his seat belt while ash started the car .
i think we now know who killed those other teenagers that you and ash saw . ''
most adults did do that , but he knew kyrian and ash would believe him .
an evil grin spread across ash 's face .
` ` no offense , but i think i 'd rather have ash do it , too .
his breathing labored , ash clenched his teeth , then seemed to get ahold of himself .
he blinked at the sound of ash 's voice .
for the last two weeks while his mother fought the principal and nick waited for trial , ash , in an effort to cheer him up , was allowing him to drive to and from work .
once she agreed with ash , it seemed to take him forever to get out of the hospital and headed back home .
there was something about ash so trustworthy that nick almost told him everything .
was ash serious or joking again ?
it was something ash said about him .
times like this , he 'd give anything to have kyrian 's or ash 's abilities .
the cop paused next to ash , who , courtesy of his black biker boots , was almost seven feet tall .
nick tried to imagine the emotions ash was talking about , but really he could n't .
whatever he did , he did n't want to push ash over the edge .
he wrapped his arms around ash and hugged him .
he and ash could become bitter enemies .
his mom did n't speak until after ash was gone , then she turned on him with a look that made him want to hold a crucifix up in front of his face to banish the evil coming toward him .
it took him a second to find ash , who was a little ways down by a set of parked cars .
so the short ash and simi were acheron 's grandkids in this world .
sadness darkened ash 's eyes as he moved away from the bed .
leaning forward , ash appeared to be holding something back .
we have to find ash and make sure he 's all right . ''
that only seemed to confuse ash more .
awkward with the sudden intensity of ash 's thinking , nick debated the sanity of interrupting him .
chapter 12 one second , they were in ash 's study , and in the next , they were in the middle of a massive and impressive war zone .
rather , it sent both him and ash reeling .
and that new look ash cast in his direction told him that he was the prime subject of their conversation .
savitar challenged ash .
ignoring them , nick glanced around the yard to where savitar and ash were still unconscious .
i swear by oak and ash and rowan and thorn that we did not come here intending harm .
chapter four i-45 stretched before me , a flat ribbon of asphalt bordered on both sides by short trees , mesquite , ash , and oak .
an invisible wind blew his ash - blond hair , and those smoky green eyes were glowing emerald .
ferus is in the ash grove now , and nathan thinks our liaison is more entertaining than the customers . ''
ash trees grow abundantly on fagaras ... she will send her army west to fool her enemies , but she and a small contingent of her closest companions will secretly go north . ''
that spelled one thing to ash - marco was n't growling low ; this was an angry growl from one werewolf to another .
chapter 5 ` ` we 'll be in range of ash in two days , '' i heard larevik inform garde over dinner .
` ` there is n't a single ash or rowan tree within miles of gatlin .
the wood here is shaved pine or ash , soft and nearly white , and the counters are spotless white marble .
we walk outside the potting shed , into a warm pink dusk , and i see ty standing over next to the tire swing that hangs from an old ash tree .
he reminded me of ash , who was n't here , who had left me alone in this court of monsters .
were my feelings for ash real , or some sort of fabricated glamour ?
i needed ash 's help to rescue my brother from the iron king . ''
` ` it 's master ash , or your highness to you , half - breed .
i thought ash cared for me , if only a little .
i could have told her that ash hated me and she did n't have to threaten to get me to stay away .
for a moment , i imagined ash 's gray eyes were narrowed in fury , but then he drew close and looked the same as he had the night before - cold , distant , slightly bored .
` ` you seemed to have a lot to say about our dearest boy ash , here .
` ` you do not know the enmity between ash and rowan , how deep the rivalry goes .
he has never forgiven ash for ariella 's death . ''
who was responsible for the death of ash 's love .
rowan 's eyebrows shot up as ash pointed his blade at him , a cold mist writhing along its edge .
` ` you never saw what a good thing you had , '' he continued , sitting up as ash backed away a step .
i turned and found ash watching me , his eyes dull and bleak .
sweetfinger leered at us as ash helped me out of the boat .
claws flashing , it lunged at ash , who was waiting for it .
no way was i telling puck about my feelings for ash .
puck blinked at my expression and turned as ash walked in .
i tried meeting ash 's gaze , to show him this was n't what he thought , but he was studiously ignoring me .
i also had n't forgiven him for nearly killing ash the last time we 'd met .
i did n't mention that i wished ash was here .
` ` i mean , it 's not like i ' m cheating on ash or anything , '' i reasoned , retrieving the crumpled ball of paper and climbing back onto the bed .
i imagined myself in a field of white flowers , watching a ghostly ash and ariella dance together in the moonlight , together at last .
did ash ... do this ?
i glanced at her sharply , about to tell her that we would save ash and i did n't like what she was implying , but puck beat me to it .
` ` i 'd say ash needs a healer , princess . ''
it did n't kneel for me , however , and i had to scramble onto its back the hard way , settling behind ash and wrapping my arms around his waist .
i glanced down at ash , but his eyes were closed and he was n't looking at me .
we passed ash 's room , the door tightly closed , and continued without pausing .
the next time i glanced in ash 's direction , he was n't alone .
i wrenched my gaze from ash and the girls , swallowing hard .
` ` hello , prince , '' he purred , regarding ash through half - lidded eyes .
she jerked , throwing up her hands as ash launched himself off the edge of the railing and leaped at her , sword raised high .
i looked at ash , and he gave me a faint smile .
anyone else would n't have seen it , but i knew ash .
she smiled and looked at ash again .
thanks to my little ash clone , the summer court was in chaos , scrambling over each other looking for him , but our escape was n't entirely without problems .
` ` oh , yeah , that would go over well- '' but my voice was lost as ash leaned up and kissed me , cutting off any protest .
i did n't know what ash had gone through on his voyage to the end of the world to earn his soul .
it was part of a deal i 'd made with ash in exchange for getting my brother home safely .
i wish to hear how ash is getting along in the poisoned realm . ''
what does ash think of all this ? ''
he sighed dreamily and looked at ash .
this is part of my duty , ash .
i looked up at ash , and he offered a faint smile , taking my hands .
they howled as ash stalked forward , his face hard .
and if ash decides to pursue ... '' for the first time , a worried look crossed his face .
` ` well , well , '' puck announced , smirking as he and ash approached side - by - side .
puck shot a look at ash , his green eyes solemn .
the rest of us scrambled after him , and i did n't dare to look back to see how close ash was .
keirran 's outburst made ash pause .
you know ash chases after him because it 's expected .
and then she met ash , formally , on monday .
there was no mistaking the fact that ash hated me .
` ` and i also think you ruined ash 's favorite shirt , too . ''
` ` she went to the game with ash , but i doubt she will stay long . ''
` ` the night you were attacked , just now , and when you decided ash needed to wear spaghetti . ''
there were the thompson twins and ash , huddled together .
when i turned around , i saw ash standing outside her class .
a deep , unforgiving scowl had settled on ash 's and andrew 's faces , but the fact i was here overshadowed any reason why daemon could be playing guard dog .
andrew 's scowl matched ash 's perfectly .
there were n't many their age , but i doubted ash in all her supremeness would be smiling at a human boy .
i cared - i cared that he 'd been upstairs with ash doing things that ... i could n't even wrap my brain around without wanting to do physical damage .
` ` you were kissing me a few days ago and now you were having fun with ash ?
you have no idea what was going on between ash and me .
` ` nothing happened between ash and me last night .
` ` things are complicated between ash and me .
part of me actually felt bad for ash .
daemon really went out to dinner with ash and the others ?
it would be like old times - when daemon and ash were together .
daemon was friends with them , including ash .
i did n't go out with ash on a date .
` ` but i ' ve never seen it like that before , '' he continued , slowly climbing to his feet with ash 's and dee 's help .
a rarity was to see ash show any emotion other than bitchiness .
lesa grasped the back of ash 's seat , face pale .
if i lied and said yes , i 'd scar dee for life and if i told the truth , i was sure ash would go into a detailed synopsis of their past sexual activities .
before me were the gates , and beyond those was the hill with its row upon row of markers marching upward to the summit , which was hidden behind the boughs of mature oak and ash and poplar .
` ` everyone needs to feel comfortable and welcome here , spence , '' spencer 's mother answered quietly , pushing a lock of ash blond hair behind her ear .
red berries ... could it have been a mountain ash ?
i ' m going to google the whole thing this afternoon - raven , sapphire , tower , mountain ash tree .
and aunt maddy kept on talking about that eagle , the sapphire , the mountain ash , and the clock in the tower . ''
oh yes , mountain ash tree , sapphire , raven ... . well , of course you can interpret that in all sorts of different ways , but with this mysterious stuff , everything can always mean anything , which means nothing is certain .
but unlike elle 's light ash blond , she was more summery in coloring , with a coppery tinge to her golden hair .
a black lab lifted his leg on an ash tree .
home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all growing greener in the north country !
and it 's ... home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all a growing greener in the north country !
a circle around an old copse of ash trees where the energy levels were always high .
this was a beautiful , old wood , all massive oak and ash trees finding footing among great slabs of cracked stone .
in the library , i 'd looked online for a stronger ward against faeries than the iron , and found one that i 'd written down on my hand , on the base of my pinky finger : thorn , ash , oak , red .
to prove that brigid was no longer a useful member of the thornking - ash environ , the grounds people had let the lawn between brigid and the other academic buildings get autumn crunchy and allowed the boxwoods and ivy to take over the dull , yellow - brick exterior .
everyone bowed their heads , and then wara heard the soft rumble of them all chanting together : allaahu akbar allaahu akbar ashhadu allah ilaaha illa - lah ashhadu allah ilaaha illa - lah ash hadu anna muhamadar rasuulullah ash hadu anna muhamadar rasuulullah wara 's pulse surged , knowing what she was listening to .
his head bounced and ducked like a dervish in ecstasy as he avoided the low limbs of oak , ash , horse chestnut , willow , maple , river birch and pecan trees .
elm , beech , ash , linden and others towered above .
with the uniquely californian mix of aleppo pines and sycamore trees and ash trees and red gum eucalyptus planted throughout the grounds no amount of wind would ever take away all the shade in the aging community .
he had cut a young ash tree , about two inches in diameter .
she located the sound in the giant ash tree in the middle of the grass lawn .
the beehive where she had learned the waggle dance was invisible behind the lime green leaves of the huge ash tree as she climbed the fence hailey knew she might never see her mother or her brother again .
so i would like to give you this ; it was fashioned from the heart of a white ash tree and blessed in the pool of tears itself .
they made themselves comfortable beneath a large elm , a huge tree that towered above the smaller ash and hawthorn that made up the coppice , and leaning heavily against the massive trunk jack stretched and yawned .
she was about five - six with unusually thick ash blond hair hanging to her shoulders and wearing a different uniform than the other waitresses .
paul picked his way past moss covered boulders , parting the creepers that hung from ash and hazel saplings till he heard the telltale , gentle gurgle of moving water .
they passed the ring of standing stones and entered the forest on a narrow trail which wound haphazardly around the mighty trunks of oak , ash , elm and beech trees , the ground at their feet soft with fallen leaf - mould and the air alive with the chatter of birdsong .
her ash blonde hair was ill - kempt , her dress a prairie - style number that covered her up to the neck .
he looked back and saw a towering inferno a dozen paces away where the coach had ended its course against an ash tree .
do not think about mother the first mural depicted the universe as a giant ash tree , yggdrasil , and its nine realms : asgard , alvheim , vanaheim , midgard , muspelheim , svartalvheim , nivlheim , jotunheim , and helheim .
her light ash brown hair was pulled up in a braided up - do .
he moved to sit in the shade of the gnarled ash that the monks had planted when the monastery was built and waited .
i guess he was expecting the same attention ash was now giving his buddy .
asi has been hanging out with ash a lot because of evan and i seeing each other .
i want to go wait outside for ash to come back .
i really just need to get to class , ash .
i m going to take ash back to her place to change before tonight .
perhaps some of us will survive as foretold , feeding on the dew of the ash tree .
incense cones and candles were lit and encircled chaeli on the floor ; she was soon surrounded by runes made of an ash wood tree .
bale dismounted and walked slowly towards her and ash .
nova tried to wrap her arms around ash , wanting her father to stop .
he was always near her and ash being gone weighed heavily in her stomach .
with her terror gripping onto ash , she pulled back hard to get him to move .
still laying her head on ash , she closed her eyes and loosened her hold onto the large book at her side .
after a few steps ash stumbled .
she did nt see ash grab the boys costume .
he was trying to keep a good distance between him and ash .
fredrick let out a yelp as ash got too close to him again with his sniffing nose .
the sudden noise set ash on edge .
nova did her best to calm ash by whispering something to him as she hugged his huge neck .
between chapters , she had taken to putting up her own tent just beside ash .
nova looked at ash , who was still asleep .
she hid behind his neck and peeked out at ash before she made another run .
coming out of her tent , she drew the bag over her shoulder and kneeled down before ash .
they started to walk away and ash whined , noticing they were leaving .
his other eye was fixed on aralus , who sat across from ifferon , resting against a smaller tree , an ash which had lost all its leaves .
she had run away from ash and her father .
anger burned in his face and he limped over to climb onto ash .
in the middle was ash lying flat on his side with her father sitting and leaning against him .
towering ash and oak reached skyward , knurled twisted pillars beneath a swaying roof of green .
there were always men available for hire in ash .
divide and conquer the campsite was located in a clump of hawthorn a mile , or so , west of ash .
in the four corners of the room , potted trees stretched leaves of ash and elm toward a cathedral ceiling covered with sunset purple clouds , a mural where painted night had already fallen at the peak of the tall roof .
he knew every type of raslonian wood to gather ( cedar , oak , black locust , beech , white ash , hickory , pine , and dragon wood ) and the ones to avoid ( stink sap , mirror wood , iron bark , poison ash , and tangle thorn ) .
over that furnace was a clay oven that ash filled as insulation .
she had a helmet on her head with her long ash blond hair tucked into it , and she was carrying a longbow slung over her shoulder and a quiver of arrows on her back .
this is hornroot and rock ash ?
we ve left ash and khan in charge of antony upstairs .
he only kept a hold of the boy as ash stepped in .
there s something else going on ash , i can feel it .
on the days that i taught ash and khan , this room appeared much differently , said ahkmen .
the ones to gather ( black locust , beech , white ash , pine , and dragon wood ) and the ones to avoid ( stink sap , mirror wood , iron - bark , poison ash , and tangle thorn ) .
the ones to gather ( black locust , beech , white ash , pine , and dragon wood ) and the ones to avoid ( stink sap , mirror wood , iron - bark , poison ash , and tangle thorn ) .
when you re ready , she said ash she closed the door leaving kosai to his assignment .
holly and ash will likely be too busy to worry over fresh meat , but they are bringing the red caps to guard them .
the guards whom ash and holly had brought did n't look at home at all .
` ` greetings , ash and holly , goblin warriors .
the sound startled ash .
holly and ash were beautiful children , blond and pale , and except for the eyes would have passed at either sidhe court .
then they picked him up , a man at each shoulder , a man at each leg , carried him at shoulder height , the four men making him an eight - legged horse , and they carried him at the head of a procession to an ash tree on the hill overlooking the bay , where they put a rope around his neck and hung him high in the wind , their tribute to the all - father , the gallows lord .
he had thought finding his way to the farm , to the great silver ash tree , had been hard ; finding his way away from the farm was much harder .
when this is all done with , i guess i 'll sharpen a stick of mistletoe and go down to the ash tree , and ram it through his eye .
a great hunger filled him for those hills , those mountains , thrusting up sharp and imperious , the broad yellowing squares of harvested farmland and the sheep grown fat and woolly for winter ; the thickets of pine and ash in the coverts , standing close around temeraire 's clearing .
` ` the ones most likely to succeed him are holly and ash , and they are my allies , too . ''
beyond that they came again to a belt of trees : tall oaks , for the most part , with here and there an elm tree or an ash .
some recalled the ash : tall straight grey ents with many - fingered hands and long legs ; some the fir ( the tallest ents ) , and others the birch , the rowan , and the linden .
great ilexes of huge girth stood dark and solemn in wide glades with here and there among them hoary ash - trees , and giant oaks just putting out their brown - green buds .
` ` we stand in the middle of four - leaf clovers , rowan , ash , and thorn .
it was rhys who said , ` ` where rowan , ash , and thorn grow close together , the veil between worlds is thinner . ''
he said , ` ` a message from ash and holly : ` ` ' aim your magic better , princess , before you bleed us all to death . ' ''
i 'd fallen to the ground on top of ash 's cloak , though i did n't remember falling .
the sunroom was several degrees warmer and tall , thick mountain ash and elm provided some privacy , but if someone were standing out front , they could see everything going on within the lower part of the cabin due to the floor - to - ceiling windows .
mountain ash and elm were thicker here , their branches hanging over the road like thick , stubby fingers waiting to grab unsuspecting tourists .
` ` this is holly and this is ash .
` ` greetings , holly and ash , one of the first among kurag 's warriors , '' i said .
he was a born politician , was ash .
onilwyn , lord of the ash grove , died as he had lived , surrounded by enemies .
it was too dark to see that ash 's eyes were a solid green like the leaf of the tree he was named after , and holly 's eyes were the scarlet of winter berries .
chapter forty - two ash swung me around so that i faced away from him , one hand on my throat , the other around my waist , pinning my sword to my body .
it was ash who said , ` ` why have you brought us here ? ''
` ` you mean give holly and ash hands of power , '' i said .
chapter forty - four ash mounded the clothes under me so that my lower body was angled higher for him as he lay flat on the ground between my legs .
blinking , gatlin looked around , his brow furrowing ... until his gaze fell on ash lounging on his couch .
the girl 's soul , taken at a time of ash 's choosing , but not before her twenty - fifth birthday - hell had no interest in younger souls ; they were n't tainted enough .
these ignorant men in her life - they could have her in a way ash never could , and not one of them had ever treated her as the treasure she was .
if she 'd known ash 's number , she 'd have him on speed dial by now .
` ` another embarrassing moment you ' ve witnessed , '' she commented , feeling ash move to her side .
she laughed and spied ash standing near the cage .
` ` so what you 're saying is you think i have zero chance of making ash fall madly in love with me in two weeks ? ''
there was no way that shot had missed ash , oh god- she glanced up to the sound of scuffling feet .
the high tribunal was supposedly neutral , like nicolae , but it rarely turned out well for ash 's side .
he 'd be demanding ash do whatever nicolae asked to get their precious acquisition with as little hassle or outside interference as possible .
she 'd hoped she and ash would end up there tonight .
she scurried into the living room and peeked out to see ash standing outside , his head down .
the other demon could very well be bringing out the rack - or worse - now that ash was weak enough that he would n't be able to fight them when they placed him in it .
i want you to know that if ash has to go back to hell , then i go too . ''
after a long , silent moment , he looked back up at ash .
as she 'd seen ash himself do to someone else .
she and ash sat on the bed facing each other .
his master 's yellow eyes burned as they swept hungrily over her figure , and every protective instinct ash possessed screamed in answering rage .
this had n't really gone in the direction ash had planned .
for a long moment , he stared at ash , who did n't dare to relax for fear of some unforeseen attack .
she 'd said she would stay there with ash , and she 'd meant it ... but damn , she was glad she did n't have to .
she held her arm out toward ash and ushered them both inside .
oak , ash , and thorn !
the lumbering man had a neck as thick as a ten - year - grown ash and arms nearly as wide .
the street lined with small , thin - trunked ash trees .
oak , ash , elm and hickory trees dying overnight was bad enough .
ash and elm trees spotted the surrounding fields , yielding swathes of shadow across the bright green grass .
imelda said , stroking his floppy ash blond hair .
and ash , and willow , and what looked like a birch or two ; and , yes , there and there , one , two , he could count five oaks from where he stood , his soaring messenger included .
it was not a dense wood , mainly ash and beech .
a man who calls himself ash says things to him on and off in - between sleep and food .
rested my forehead against the trunk of a spindly ash and willed the beat of my heart to slow .
she looked up at her fellow receptionist , a slim girl with ash blonde hair flowing over her shoulders .
this is the largest of the university gardens and i loved sitting under the ash trees there .
she said , her long ash blonde hair tied back by a maroon ribbon looking every inch as her mas used to .
the ash tree was some ten feet to the south of the ledge and almost thirty feet above where rob stood , therefore it was necessary to secure the top of the ladder so that it could be hauled up to where soladair had tied himself to the short , sturdy trunk .
the street was an endless series of ash and maple trees arched over the street , and all were at peak color .
to the west was a great valley , and then , rising far away , great jagged mountain fastnesses , rising peak on peak , the sheer rock studded with mountain ash and thorn , whose roots clung in cracks and crevices and crannies of the stone .
the ground sloped upward to the foot of ngranek , thinly covered with scrub oaks and ash trees , and strewn with bits of rock , lava , and ancient cinder .
in the clear sunshine of morning carter began the long ascent , taking her zebra as far as that useful beast could go , but tying it to a stunted ash tree when the floor of the thin wood became too steep .
as i sat in the morning sun , thinking about nothing in particulara single newly formed leaf fell from an ash tree overhead .
now , a tall forest of evergreens and oak and ash surround the house .
due to the large percentage of single - family units and the age of the community , it was well - treed , with large maples , oaks , sycamore , and ash .
laura penov on fifth and ash is the only one i trust .
` ` see he has written ` ` p '' ashlesh , is he having a one more name before ash '' ? i asked to make the things light .
he looked over at ash and raised his eyebrow .
poor little ash is terrified of a garage sale .
the man looked at ash and dexter .
dexter smiled as he and ash started forward .
she pointed to a large ash that towered far above the house .
in every war movie ash had ever seen , sergeants seemed to always hate being called sir .
he even made ash feel smart some times .
made ash feel a bit stupider after all .
the corporal leaned on the m60 and looked down out of the truck at ash , we got a mission ?
if this is what the plague did to you , it was even worse than what ash had imagined before .
the mob of zombies had split , with one group heading for ash and his squad , and the other going for the people in the truck .
he reminded ash of a pitbull getting ready to charge .
sarge returned to scratching his chin and studying the doctor as ash left the tent .
lieutenant arseneau jumped down out of the passengers seat of the lead truck and walked over to ash , who was extremely curious and nervous about what the change of plans meant for them all .
the captain frowned and looked ash straight in the eye .
the captain looked over at ash .
there was just enough light for ash to make out the catwalk that ran around the perimeter wall , just below the windows .
as far as ash could tell , the captain was just making busy work for them to keep their minds off of all the shit that was coming down around their ears , he was grateful for it too .
the pavement had dried , by the time ash took his first step from the barracks ahead of his two squads .
at the very edge of the little park ash arrayed his people in a wide and shallow v formation , with the point facing away from the group of zombies and himself positioned at the very tip of that point .
he had a few other strange ones as well and ash thought it might be an interesting fact .
he was wild and reckless and ash did nt like taking him on patrol .
both times martin tried to convince ash that they could assault the zombies and kick some major ass .
in less than five minutes ash got his battered patrol in line and on the move .
the whole situation left ash feeling powerless .
keep your head down ash nodded along .
the captain was still treating ash rather coolly and he had nt been allowed to lead any more patrols , which was fine with him , he had nt been meant for command , even of a platoon .
neither ash nor cervantes was sad to see him go .
with the captain being crazy , there was nt much chance that he would ever forgive ash for that .
taking ash aback as he stalked along behind them .
he smiled , showing ebony rotting teeth , and stroked her ash blond hair .
ahead of her an ash tree had fallen with its final twenty feet jutting over the drop like the prow of a ship , and trisha grabbed it with both arms and hugged it , her scraped and bloody cheek jammed against the smooth trunk , each breath whistling into her with a shriek and emerging in a terrified sob .
she reshouldered her pack ( this time putting it on over the poncho ) and walked carefully toward the bluff and the fallen ash tree .
it had started in the park , bending ash trees into a pagoda , then moved on to the supermarket , where he arranged an entire aisle of pet food into the likeness of a border collie , using the variously coloured tins , sacks of kitty litter and bone - meal as pixels before being asked , politely , to leave .
toward a pylon , a mile hence , radiating messages in a language unrecognizable to anyone in a vegetable state , pulses intangible to a closed mind , one with no doors , only shutters , electromagnetic voices across a vista of ash , beech and oak , silent words the love apple interpreted as kind but which might as easily be cruel , like a girls smile .
no , not all of you , we ve got some ash trees over there clemmie got in europe .
they re called rock bands now dad , wishbone ash , mott the hoople , deep purple ... that sort of thing .
britney hey ash , this is the winners circle , i believe the pity party is on the other side of the room .
nona , cheri and i went to alexandria senior high , otherwise known as ash .
his sisters family hired ash to do some work for them yesterday . ''
there are crowds outside the jailhouse now and the only thing between them and ash are a few deputies and a key . ''
said ash like a young girl .
i slept that night with an old shirt rolled beneath my head , beneath a tall ash tree that made me feel comforted in some small way .
the trail wound down past the first of the oaks and then past a clump of prickly ash and into the lush dark of the woods themselves .
he would reach out to find the trees and caress their bark and remember ash and locust , birch and oak , elm and poplar and sweet maple .
well , i kindsh of sweatedsh ash muchsh ash everybodshy .
he ran a short way down the narrow street , then cut through a fallen metal fence and a stand of leaning ash trees , the morning breeze in their upper branches like the actions of invisible flying squirrels .
he put his shoes on , ran from the house to the leaning ash trees , burst into sunlight .
he threaded dangerously between ash and oak , beech and alder , crunched through picnics and sent flying bottles of warm lemonade , coke and cider , throats erupting in his wake , spittle and foam casting surf on the humid air , suspended for hours like toy clouds or wool snagged on fishing lines , the thunder of voices slow to materialize , fast to decompose as he broke from the storm his passage stirred and sped over the bowling green , nearly tripping .
scherzo walked as if going to work at the incinerator plant , slipping clumsily through the metal fence , between the leaning ash trees , discovering concrete and tarmac where once had undulated school fields and teenagers drunk .
compound three or four - storied building alongside creosoted - fences before the graffiti - walled enclosed - ditch between poplar and ash - growing pastures , unharvested - fields .
jay is so dedicated to leola that he , and i , on summer leave from my job teaching gifted elementary students , relocated from our little house in lansing , michigan , with its well - worn ash floors and backyard japanese maple whose leaves , just then , are a thrilling scarlet .
and the mountain ash to the left of an outcropping of granite ledge had already lost its showy , spring flowers in favor of a thick crop of orangey - red fruit clusters .
prickly ash bark , sarsaparilla , oat seed , shizandra berry , ashwaganda and maca root ... . before leaving the community college parking lot , sage fished about in the glove compartment of her toyota .
vanessa sees a harsh land clutched in the icy remains of a slow - melting winter she thinks she must see it with very different eyes than the older woman 's that 's unavoidable they are both wondering how they 're going to get along and are both highly conscious of the fact that it has only been a few hours now since they put the older woman 's husband in the ground and now here they are just met and possessing all that worry of being too close vanessa knows it well enough knows a life cramped in subway cars and elevators with those whom she would rather avoid but never mind they must simply bear each other after all they have a job to do and here they are now turning up the long drive going slowly past the curtain of the proud black ash trees that stand in a line between the road and the house of joanna and dc glaser who is now deceased and buried back in his native ithaca under the shade of a beloved oak like something out of poetry or a sentimental novel .
the peacocks returned to their serpentine companions who were wrapping themselves around an ash tree and lifting themselves as high as they could to get a better view of the palace grounds and the stiffly marching soldiers .
* * * at the side of the farmhouse , standing in the shade of a fifty year old modesto ash , dale buck peered toward the edge of the flat area beyond the fenced field around the chicken coops .
sunlight streamed through the cottonwood and ash trees between the yard and the train siding beyond .
golden sunlight just tipped the tops of the elm and ash trees that overhung stone street , and down the block i heard jake biccam pounding metal - on - metal outside his shop next to the community garden .
it was drawn in every line of her lean body , from the ash blonde hair shed ruthlessly hauled into a french twist to the go to hell heels on her long legs .
the campground appeared quiet , although the campsites were so secluded in the pines , ash and maples , it was hard to tell .
the clearing was shaded by a canopy of maples , ash and a few majestic shagbark hickory , and fringed by viburnum and western snowberry .
with her ash blonde hair and perfect pixie face , she looked like she could grace a magazine cover .
there are many trees there , deciduous mostly : maple , elm , ash and hickory ; a lot of them planted by mourners as everlasting tributes to their departed .
should one of us go check if she s ash yet ?
fifty feet up , a mountain ash clung , a green splash against the white rock .
meg and ash 's rooms are down the hall .
jess joked as she playfully slapped ash on the shoulder and broke our gaze at one another .
i was n't sure what his deal was ( , ) but i did n't need to spend any more time thinking about ash or his dubious expressions and intentions .
it 's just not like ash to get all territorial and shit ... .
` ` look , i ' m not one of ash 's hookups and never will be , so you do n't need to worry about that .
and the best part was i did n't think about ash one time while we were outside .
i could n't wait to hear ash play and sing , but at the same time i was scared shitless of the feelings it would evoke in me .
i had successfully kept myself from even glancing ash 's way for the entire time i had sung and played ; however , i could n't leave well enough alone .
jess and ash decided to return home as well since it was a little past one o'clock .
i was n't sure how long i had been standing there studying his room when i realized ash was watching me .
i had n't been kissed many times in my life , but i knew instantly that nothing would ever compare to this first kiss that i shared with ash .
i truly believed that ash thought he was doing the best thing for me because he sincerely wanted me to be happy .
chapter 7 when i finally left ash 's room , i found evie in the living room curled up on the couch , engrossed in her e - reader .
everything seemed to be going great up until the point you and ash decided to make the jam session a contest on whose song choice lyrics could piss the other off more . ''
i tried to lighten the conversation , ` ` i may be a little desperate and over - eager but i ' m at least going to require a good dinner before i spread my legs for someone and i would prefer that he had n't been with someone else in the previous 24 hours , neither of which ash fulfilled . ''
` ` when i first met ash at the house last night , i had this crazy reaction to him , like the kind of thing we read about - my body got overheated , i had goose bumps all over , my stomach clenched , you know .
` ` i did n't think about ash at all when i was hanging out with dylan , until we came inside and ash starts that shit with the songs .
jess asked looking up at ash .
i knew they were going to be hanging out with us a lot ... and she 's so good ash , she really does n't need to deal with your shit . ''
i was surprised to say the least to learn ash was a physics major and a philosophy minor .
` ` i do n't think that ash is the right guy for you , at least not right now .
it was actually starting to piss me off and combined with platonic , friend - only saturday nights/ sunday mornings i spent with ash my sexual frustration was building to an inevitable explosion .
i did n't quite understand why i was freaking out so bad seeing ash with another girl .
i could n't help but look back at ash just as i disappeared with mason , and just as i had hoped , he eyes were still on us .
` ` okay , the story is i met ash right after i moved here a few months ago .
i did n't dare look in ash 's direction , i would not allow him to ruin this for me .
sweet dreams ash ( 8:35 a.m. ) just making sure u made it home safe ash ( 10:07 a.m. ) let me know u r ok ash ( 10:52 a.m. ) scarlett , i ' m getting worried .
a sound out in the main living area startled me , so before i had time to mentally address the other messages and let ash know that i was fine and that he could call off the search - and - rescue mission , i went to investigate .
she continued , ` ` i mean seriously , ash acts like a jealous , possessive neanderthal around you and mason dedicated a f**king mini - concert to you in front of a bar full of people not two hours after y' all met .
the magnetic draw that i felt towards ash was never more prominent than when we played guitar and sang together in his room , and i cherished those moments that we spent together like no others .
i was exhausted and told ash as much .
` ` dare i ask why when i last saw you , you were leaving here on a date with dylan and then this morning as i ' m getting some water , i see ash leaving your bedroom looking like he just woke up ? ''
i did n't dare look at ash during my exit , i turned off any emotion i felt for him .
it 's the same way you and ash look at each other . ''
i did n't even bother to argue or defend my and ash 's relationship because it would ' ve been no use .
i contemplated whether or not i should message ash ; i had never initiated a texting conversation with him mainly for the same reasons i did n't want to do the same to mason .
i was n't sure about ash but to me the whole situation felt rather bizarre ... almost like a date .
and meg , i reminded myself , but she sure was n't interested in getting in ash 's pants .
i was n't sure how long i had been lost in my own thoughts , but i finally noticed ash just staring at me with a boyish grin on his face .
he always told me that ash was the biggest f**king tool ever for not pursuing a relationship with me , but that he owed him a thank you because it allowed us time to spend together .
moments later ash and meg were both on my bed , both holding and rocking me as they tried to calm me down .
i opened ash 's door to find a topless blonde straddling his nak*d body on his bed .
when i had fled ash 's house , meg had called jess who had called evie 's parents who had called my parents .
on top of those worried about my mental state due to the death of my best friend and me walking in on ash hav**g s*x , was mason calling wondering why i had left without saying anything .
i had not texted nor talked to either ash or mason since i had left .
however , i knew they were both there , i saw ash 's car when i pulled in and mason 's bike was parked up by the door .
i was saving it for ... '' his voice trailed off for a moment and he looked towards ash 's table .
i knew that ash cared about me , but he did n't love me .
` ` i am far from being over evie 's death or the feeling of abandonment that ash left me with .
i owed it to him to give our relationship everything i could , and i hoped that by forgiving ash , i could finally move on .
i actually had no idea where it was , i did n't remember seeing it after calling ash for help .
i felt ash move the arm rest between us and move closer to me .
and any friend of ash 's , is a friend of ours . ''
i do n't know what happened , i have n't talked to her , but ash called to let me know that he had her .
talking about playing guitar made me miss it and made me miss playing with ash .
` ` thank you so much for everything ash .
mina had told me that he had come looking for her but that ash had called her saying he was taking her away ...
` ` the night after i left your apartment , i freaked out and ash picked me up . ''
he stood there next to me and quietly watched ash setting up his amp and chair as well .
i was n't sure if it really was such a good idea , seeing how emotional i was with mason 's disappearance and the reemergence of the feelings i had for ash that i thought i had so carefully locked away .
we both chuckled as we got out of the car and waited for ash to join us .
my heart was pounding out of my chest ; i had fantasized what it would be like to be with ash every night i had slept in his bed from the day i met him .
jess and meg had both gone to their parents ' homes so we used ash 's house as the place for the festivities .
i did n't even bother to stop and think about ash and his family in the other room .
i then called ash and max to let them know that i had landed safely and was headed to the hotel .
i just was n't sure how ash was going to feel about it ...
feeling and hearing my orgasm sent ash over the edge right behind me .
i restarted it so that i could really focus on the lyrics , and i could n't help but think how relevant it was to mine and ash 's situation , except i should ' ve been singing the guy 's part .
i was so lost in thought that i did n't even hear ash get up and join me in the kitchen .
it 's probably the disappearing bacon , '' i said cheerfully , swatting at ash 's hand as he stole himself a second piece and one for max too .
i know i need to leave him alone ... for the sake of mine and ash 's relationship , but i want to know that he 's okay and getting help , ya know ? ''
it 's obvious that you still have feelings for him , but i do n't want to see you throw away anything that you and ash have built for something that can never be . ''
i had n't checked my phone the entire time i was there , and i was sure that ash had most likely tried to contact me at some point .
i ' m with ash , and he makes me happy .
talk to ash , see what he says ... shit , maybe he 's secure enough in y' all 's relationship that he 'll be okay with it .
thankfully , max silently slipped out of the room in the middle of ash 's rant .
i ' ve always felt like it was just something to do as a hobby , but after talking with ash this weekend he helped me realize that if i really love it , which i do , that i should pursue it .
before heading back to ash 's room , i got a coke out of the refrigerator and as i walked by the kitchen table , an envelope with my name in the pile of mail caught my eye .
i looked up at ash on the bed , who was trying desperately not to laugh , and then down at myself , sprawled out nak*d on the floor except my panties that were half on .
scarlett the day after my and ash 's argument , and subsequent make up , we spent quite a bit of time talking about and planning for our upcoming move .
as she walked away , both ash and max asked in unison , ` ` who is that ? ''
she told me tonight she and her boyfriend , ash , are moving to california in a few months . ''
we still continued to text occasionally , and the times she was there without ash we would sit and talk about everything , much like we did during her center visits .
that evening ash came up behind me as i sat madly entering posts on my laptop .
who the hell is ash ?
i can tell she is n't in the mood for me to stick around , so after a quick goodbye , i shake ash awake , and we head out .
she had ash blonde , wispy hair she spent a fortune on having cut so it did n't look so wispy .
i looked up to see a waitress standing there , tray under her arm , white t - shirt , jeans , ash blonde hair in a ponytail , pretty mountain fresh face , no makeup .
the woman had a tie - dyed kerchief shielding some but not all of her frizzy ash blonde hair .
i saw tonia 's gleaming black locks , sunny 's shorn , frizzy , ash blonde hair .
anne 's mother 's hair , in contrast to anne 's dark curly locks , was a dark ash blonde shade styled in an attractive layered cut that framed her face .
she lifts my chin and plants the softest kiss on my lipseven though ash does nt do soft .
the pathways are lined with ash , black and red maple trees .
he sat down on the fluffy comforter and brushed strands of her ash brown hair away from her face .
` ` it 's boring here , '' i grumbled under my breath , making ash shake her head in frustration .
i noticed ash watching him with absolute tunnel vision .
jaymondian and ash are , however , the exception to the rule .
i knew ash and i favored , but we did n't look a lot a like .
suddenly we were joined by ash who somersaulted down from a building above .
when arianna and ash meet , the passion is real , though the rest may not be .
i had briefly wondered if ash or the kavanagh family was ellen 's secret client , but if that were the case , ash would n't have approached me now .
` ` yeah , i know she is , '' he said in response to something ash said .
something ash said had made reece furious .
she gets along well with ash .
when he started for the door , she yelled , ` ` you have a conference call with ash and dylan in an hour . ''
his pursuit of mia had ash laughing his ass off every time they talked .
when they were n't working , they were with their women , and it meant that ash did n't see them except at the office and on the occasions they all got together outside of work .
chapter two ash sat in his office , door closed , brooding over the report in front of him .
his guy had n't spotted her with anyone other than the man ash assumed was her dom .
not that ash had anything against people doing whatever the f**k they wanted , but in his world , submission was n't a game .
did n't know if she 'd even respond to what ash would give her .
no way ash was sharing what was on his mind .
the surprise was still evident in the man 's face but he hurried immediately to the wall to take down the painting that had first caught ash 's attention .
he was n't that worried about the long term , because while josie had no clue of ash 's intentions - yet - he very much intended that the long term would include him .
jace asked as ash started out of the car .
jace leaned forward before ash could close the door .
chapter four ash sat in his office the day after gabe 's wedding and studied the small box containing the jewelry that josie had pawned .
the marriage had barely lasted two years and ash 's mother blamed that squarely on brittany .
the desolation in her voice hit ash deep .
tears filled her eyes as she stared earnestly back at ash .
the fervency in her voice made ash smile as he patiently waited for the hugfest to be over .
chapter six ash checked his watch as he stood in the lobby of the bentley hotel , one of the many hotels owned by hcm .
at a quarter to eight , ash straightened , realization slowly creeping in that she was n't coming .
chapter seven there was no faking ash 's surprise .
but the thought of being with ash , of belonging to him in the sense he was talking about , scared her .
jace took a seat across from ash and pinned him with an inquisitive stare .
the heavy amusement in jace 's voice just made ash grumpy .
but according to the man ash had assigned to keep tabs on josie , she had n't been out of her apartment at all for several days .
at one point she leaned toward him so only he would hear and said , ` ` thank you , ash .
she knew she owed ash a response .
her mistake had been mentioning ash at all , not that she 'd called him by name , but she 'd told michael that he could n't give her the things another man had promised her .
startled , she glanced up to see ash standing there .
in ash 's apartment .
there was no doubt that ash radiated seriousness today .
and ash was an intense guy .
she could n't imagine as possessive as ash had been with her so far that he 'd want her to have sex with another man while he watched or participated .
jace asked , not even giving ash time to sit down .
she knew all about provocative poses and ash would appreciate one of those surely .
her skin tingled , anticipation licking over her body as she imagined what ash would choose to do when he got home .
she was worked up just thinking about ash 's arrival .
chapter sixteen ash was nearly undone by the sight of josie on her knees , her mouth around his dick , just like he 'd imagined so many times since seeing her that first day in the park .
chapter seventeen ash fingered the choker he 'd had designed for josie as he waited for jace to make his appearance in ash 's office .
ash had n't wanted to take any chances that michael would by lying in wait for her or that he 'd make a public scene , which ash knew would appall josie and embarrass her .
i get it , '' jace said as they walked out of ash 's office .
it was a path he took every evening and , luckily for ash , it was well out of sight of the main streets .
chapter eighteen it was the first night all week that ash had been late coming home from work , and it sucked .
when hers and ash 's gazes connected , she felt a jolt at the intensity in those brilliant green eyes .
but she hated her father , so who was she to judge ash ?
not brought him into ash 's apartment .
it feels so good , ash .
chapter twenty when josie saw the restaurant where she and ash were meeting his friends , unease gripped her .
shaking off her momentary hesitation , she settled into ash 's side , his arm wrapped securely around her as they walked in .
and she certainly was n't ashamed to be out with ash , no matter how quickly she 'd fallen into a relationship after she 'd broken things off with michael .
glad ash finally let you out of his apartment long enough to mingle with the rest of us . ''
and according to ash , they were very much captivated .
in that context , perhaps it was n't so unbelievable that she and ash would become serious in such a short time .
did all of ash 's friends share his sexual proclivities ?
she would n't want them prying into her relationship with ash , and she 'd offer them that same consideration .
she wondered if it bothered ash that some unknown person out there owned those paintings of her .
without another word , ash stood and reached for her hand .
she swallowed and glanced up at ash .
she sucked in a deep breath as ash watched her intently , waiting for her response .
` ` it scares me , ash .
that she felt more shamed by the fact she was n't outraged over what ash had done than she was with the fact he 'd exacted revenge on the man who 'd hurt her ?
tonight ash was offering her the most precious gift she could receive .
no fears of ash being arrested for meting out justice to the man who hurt her .
they were directed to the same table where she and ash had eaten that first night , and there was a woman already seated .
she lacked ash 's intense gaze , his expression , the way he carried himself .
josie guessed it was pretty obvious that she and ash were more than just a casual date .
no doubt the papers would be tripping over themselves to report the estrangement between ash and his mother .
would he try to cause trouble for ash once he realized who ash was ?
she chanced a peek up at ash and saw warm approval - and appreciation - glowing in his eyes .
brittany laughed and ash grinned .
fifteen minutes later , ash was guiding josie into the car and they rode off toward the stores ash was taking her to .
` ` you have nothing to be sorry for , britt , '' she said , adopting ash 's pet name for her .
` ` and i need mia 's and bethany 's help because , uhm , obviously ash is expecting something from this night , and i ' m not entirely certain what it is .
but the shoes were more for ash 's benefit .
oh god , this is even more awkward than things were the first time jace and i saw ash together after that night . ''
he had that quiet air about him that told ash he had a lot of money but did n't necessarily go around screaming it .
she looked up to see ash standing there , her shoes dangling from his fingers .
brandon appeared with another bouncer , flanking ash and providing a protective barrier so they were n't jostled by the other club goers .
she frowned a minute and ash looked curiously at her , seeking the source of that frown .
they rang off and ash made a mental note to make sure all was well with his sister the next day .
when they arrived at ash 's apartment building , she got out and thanked the driver .
she 'd never dreamed that ash had been the one to buy all her paintings , but it should n't have surprised her .
no way would she have gone blindly into a relationship with ash with such a huge disparity between them .
did they all know that ash was her benefactor ?
and she 'd been lax with her jewelry design business ever since she 'd moved in with ash .
wait for the people who 'd remove all traces of her presence in ash 's apartment .
she wanted no chance of ash coming home from work while she was still moving out .
one , she did n't have a ride to her apartment and ash 's apartment was n't convenient to public transportation .
the other thing she realized was that she needed to confront ash .
chapter twenty - nine ash leaned his head back against his chair , still holding the phone to his ear as the conference call droned on and on and on .
trust ash to do things his own way .
` ` we would have invited brittany too but we worried it might be a little awkward since she 's ash 's sister , '' mia said in a low voice once they were inside the car .
okay , obviously they did know about her breakup with ash and they were n't just inviting her to lunch as if everything was normal .
i ' m sure whatever the problem is that it 's ash 's fault . ''
` ` i would say i was surprised but that so sounds like something ash would do . ''
men like ash only know one way .
just like ash wants you .
nothing ash had done was unforgiveable .
` ` i ' m going to go home , take a shower and call ash and hope he 's not too pissed to listen to me apologize . ''
now she just had to hope that ash would forgive her and that he really did love her .
they would give her a good idea of ash 's mood and whether it would be a simple matter of apologizing to him .
of course if she and ash reconciled , she would n't have to worry about that because he always made certain she was protected .
had ash given up ?
` ` there 's a message i want you to deliver to gabe hamilton , jace crestwell and ash mcintyre . ''
chapter thirty - one ash sat in on the staff meeting with gabe and their executives , but his mind was anywhere but here in this room .
gabe asked as he dropped down beside ash .
mia moved from gabe 's hold and hugged ash fiercely .
everyone filed out of the door and ash turned back , sending her a look so filled with love that her breath caught in her throat .
i ' ve already told you that ash was with me .
the door opened and ash walked in , abruptly halting when he took in the two police officers .
she sucked in her breath as she stared back at ash .
she could n't face the idea of ash going to jail because of her .
she glanced back up at ash and leaned further into him .
she wanted ash back !
and she had ash to thank .
the police had questioned her and ash , this time with his lawyer present .
they were n't exactly the legitimate businessmen that ash and his partners were .
as a result , the case was still open , but ash was no longer a suspect .
maybe that made her just as murky and gray as ash thought he was himself , but she could n't spare any real remorse over charles 's death .
josie was glad that ash had at least his sister .
celia had overheard shelby talking about a falling out with a girlfriend , but then she had n't even known ash had been seeing anyone .
jason took the seat next to ash , who frowned and reached into his pocket for his phone .
he sighed and turned back toward ash .
her father 's harsh words did n't surprise her , and ash was far too used to being the butt of her parent 's jokes for it to sting too much .
you 're my wife now , ash , and anyone who upsets you has me to deal with . ''
lord hunter sr . was currently ogling the deep cl**vage of a female guest so closely ash was surprised he did n't fall into it nose first .
steven smiled , showing a ash of brilliant white teeth .
a ash of white rushed past luce and straight into miles 's arms .
all those memories , glimpsed in a ash .
he and ash should probably be ducking and running .
it was obvious mia had a very good idea of his and ash 's sexual proclivities when it came to having threesomes with the same woman .
does n't mean ash and i are eager to follow his lead . ''
a man involved in the outrageous proposition ash had just given her ?
amusement glimmered on ash 's lips but jace was still utterly serious .
okay , not that she did n't know he and ash were stratospherically out of her league , but hearing those words , i own the hotel , just reinforced that she should have chosen the cold over temporary warmth .
he seemed way more serious than ash .
she hesitated just inside the door as she saw ash setting out plates of food onto the polished dining table .
what ash means is that we like control .
her gaze skated sideways to where ash stood , nak*d , gorgeous , his erection jutting forward .
her br**sts were crushed against the hard wall of his chest , and she promptly forgot all about ash 's hands , which had so gently caressed and teased her n**ples .
` ` hands and knees , '' jace said , interrupting the brief tenderness between her and ash .
she shivered to her toes and closed her eyes as ash thrust deeper into her mouth .
every time ash spoke , jace went rigid .
her arms folded and ash caught her , going down to a sitting position so her mouth was still solidly around his erection .
she closed her eyes and sucked ash deeper , her mouth tightening .
she asked awkwardly as she handed the glass back to ash .
his jaw was tight and his gaze was fixed on ash as if daring him to pursue the matter .
if she looked even the least bit reluctant , he was going to pull the plug on the whole damn thing , and he did n't care if it pissed ash off or not .
the hell he was going to let ash run this show .
` ` going to work you up , '' he said echoing ash 's statement .
he glanced up , wanting to know it was him she was responding to and was satisfied to see that ash was only now taking position at her br**sts .
he may not like ash being with this woman , but the sight of his friend sucking bethany 's n**ples was erotic as hell .
he glanced up to see ash positioning himself , guiding his c*ck between her ass cheeks .
a look at ash told him that he was inside her .
he did n't know how the hell he was going to move , but he figured he 'd let ash do most of the thrusting .
her mouth moved up and down over his as ash put more force into his thrusts .
jace caught her , wrapping his arms tightly around her , holding her as ash drove into her over and over .
or that he 'd want a woman ash would n't .
he just hoped to hell that ash would understand .
the very last thing he wanted to see was bethany in ash 's arms .
jace blew out his breath and turned around to walk back out of ash 's room .
jace paused and turned to see ash still standing in the living room , a troubled expression on his face .
and she had n't stuck around when it had to be obvious to her that he and ash had money .
had she accepted ash 's offer because it was the only way she had a place to sleep that night ?
` ` besides , if there 's anything you want to know , i ' m sure ash 's background check will provide fodder for gossip between you two . ''
but he was still pissed at ash for trying to warn him off bethany .
maybe he 'd never forgive ash for that even though jace had gone along with it .
which meant that the phone call was absorbing all of ash 's concentration because he had n't so much as acknowledged jace 's presence .
gabe and jace both used to tease ash about being adopted .
it may seem ridiculous , but ash 's family was f**king poison .
jace scowled and ash held up his hands .
something flickered in ash 's eyes and he went silent .
relief simmered in ash 's eyes .
there was a pregnant pause and ash shifted uncomfortably .
her fingers itched to dive into the silky locks , twine them around her hands , just as she 'd done the night he and ash had sex with her .
it was strange that she remembered every aspect of him from that night in stark detail and yet ash kind of blurred in her memory .
as in this is n't someone you and ash hooked up together with ? ''
it pissed him off but he would have to be stupid not to at least consider what ash was saying .
he put the phone down and glanced up at ash , who was listening in confusion .
but she 'd seen his reaction and knew he did n't look forward to her and ash being together any more than she did .
gabe laughed and mia glowered in both jace 's and ash 's directions .
though ash 's family typically only bugged him through new year 's , this year they 'd been persistent even after the holidays and it had only made ash 's mood blacker .
though ash 's family typically only bugged him through new year 's , this year they 'd been persistent even after the holidays and it had only made ash 's mood blacker .
jace watched as ash walked out , his chest heavy .
he did n't miss any part of the threesomes they used to indulge in , but he did miss that connection with ash .
a few moments later , the elevator opened and ash stepped out .
and the look on ash 's face .
that ash was actually suggesting that bethany would need him as a result of whatever the f**k was going on here and now .
he pulled out his cell and punched ash 's number in .
when he glanced toward the entrance , he was hugely relieved to see ash stalking back through the doors .
i ' ve made things right with ash but i have to make them right with you . ''
he walked over , forgetting for the time being that he was there to inform mia , gabe and ash that bethany was awake .
just as i ' m about to warn ash that i ' m going to come again he pulls away from our kiss and chokes out , ` ` come with me , girl .
it might be the fact that i ' ve had two hours of sleep or it might be the fact that ash thinks he broke me , but i ca n't stop laughing .
nik walks ahead and ash turns back to me and mouths lunch time .
when ash bands one arm around my chest and lowers the other to softly stroke my clit , i push myself back even deeper onto him and moan .
i know i should n't have snapped at ash the way i did for something he is n't even aware of , but fuck , the man is infuriating sometimes .
i ' ve officially forgiven ash for whatever the f**k i was pissed at him about .
getting into a rhythm , ash drops his hands to my ass and squeezes .
we both dress in our jammies and for the first time ever , ash does n't wear a shirt .
i gasp and ash chuckles .
chapter twenty - two shit hits the fan sitting up in bed , ash rests his head on my stomach with his arms tightly wrapped around me .
i take a sip of my drink just as ash slides his hand from my knee up my thigh .
no wonder ash threw his phone at a wall .
who knew ash was good at shenanigans ?
ash walks into the lounge room to pick up the single lilac iris stem .
dad looks at ash for a good ten seconds before he takes his hand and pumps it twice before letting go .
* * * when ash and dad emerge from the basement , i exhale the breath i had n't known i was holding .
i look up at ash and take his hand .
ash dips his chin and places both hands on his hips .
he kisses my cheek before taking ash in a full - blown man hug .
looking around , i spot ash leaning in the door frame smiling .
breathing deeply , i look up at ash and tell him quietly , ` ` i love them .
we arrive at the white rabbit and ash parks the car .
ash places his hands on the top of the car , looks down at me with a smirk and mutters , ` ` super happy fun time ? ''
wrapping my arm around ash and leaning into him , i tell sheriff , ` ` have you met my husband , sheriff ? ''
she sighs and looks between me and ash .
tina follows me into the kitchen while nik and ash show tatiana the doggies .
i look down at ash through narrowed eyes but he just shrugs .
her ash blond hair fell straight to just above her jawline , the bangs drooping down to partially obscure one eye .
his attention appeared to be fixed on his daughter , who was cutting branches from one of the mountain ash trees at the side of the clearing .
when there 's damp in the air , the leaves of an oak or an ash will turn , so ye see the underside .
we picked our way through small groves of red - berried mountain ash and larger stands of oak .
now , on the verge of winter , the white glimmer of the rock by the spring was easily visible through the leafless scrim of alder and mountain ash .
i went around the far corner to find jamie digging near a mountain - ash tree that stood by itself in the yard , a short distance from the house .
i 'd seen mountain ash many times before ; the highlanders often planted them near cabins or houses because the clusters of deep orange berries and the pinnate leaves did indeed look like the rowan tree of scotland - a close botanical relative .
mia knew that ash never spent any time with them .
jace had made it clear to mia that ash 's family were , in his words , a**holes , and she 'd left it at that , not that she 'd ever have occasion to meet them .
gabe had witnessed ash 's charm and how it affected women firsthand .
it was n't unusual for jace and ash to have a woman in the offices .
he made a show of checking his watch and then glanced back at ash , who had a possessive arm around the curvy woman .
not that she gave gossip much credence , but apparently the rumor mill was that jace and ash had some major kink of their own going on , and gabe was n't the lone ranger in this company .
when are you and ash going to be back ? ''
in the background , mia heard the soft laughter of a woman and ash 's voice .
she did n't want to imagine him in some illicit threesome with ash and another woman .
as soon as the door closed behind ash , he turned back to mia , his jaw tight .
maybe we should have put you to work for ash .
jace stuck his head out the door , looked down toward gabe 's office and then pushed back in , closing ash 's door behind him .
ash 's family and ash were not on speaking terms .
she hugged ash back , comforted by his obvious affection for her .
it 's been too long , ash .
they got onto the elevator and ash gave her a look of mock horror .
i have to meet jace and ash around nine for drinks . ''
gabe and ash both nodded .
jace braked for the red light and then both he and ash turned to stare at her , deep frowns on their faces .
jace picked up on ash 's question with a frown .
and well , if he and ash were always in bed with the same woman at the same time , she supposed it would make it a little awkward to forge a more traditional relationship .
jace grimaced and fell silent as he and ash exchanged quick , uneasy glances .
she was appalled and humiliated that ash and her brother had burst in unannounced to gabe 's apartment , and seen her bound and nak*d . it was something out of her worst nightmares .
jace sighed and glanced back at ash who looked just as uncomfortable .
how on earth did jace and ash get involved and why the hell did you come home in just a robe ? ''
she did n't have the heart to tell jace she did n't feel up to whatever he and ash had planned .
he and ash both looked like kids at christmas , and their eyes gleamed with unholy glee .
he knew exactly what shade of dusky pink her n**ples were , and that her natural hair color was a pale ash blond .
` ` i know an ash tree , whose outstretched limbs and deep roots pass through all the nine worlds , and yggdrasil is its name . ''
clover ... an ash leaf ? ''
trying to cheer her , murie suggested , ` ` mayhap you could show me where to find the ivy , clover and ash leaves , and we can try them all tomorrow . ''
still , she enjoyed the walk , noting a birch tree here and an ash tree there , and even a clump of wild onions and a small carpet of clover .
determining that her husband needed all the luck he could get , she stopped to pluck a twig from the birch and then an ash - key from the ash tree before spending several moments hunting until she found an even ash leaf .
he recognized clover and ash leaves as well as ash - keys , but had no idea about the branches and twigs strewn throughout .
i think it is , ' even ash i do thee pluck , hoping thus to meet good luck .
chapter seventeen ash - keys and ash leaves were both considered lucky , but the best ash leaf was an even one - which is how murie found herself up an ash tree when she first heard the sound of hoofbeats .
` ` i heard mom talking to dad the other day , saying how you and me would start noticing ash differently real soon .
i like knowing my ash is still there somewhere underneath that perfect facade . ''
i watched as ash walked to her car and slipped inside all dripping wet .
i know the old ash will show up again once you finish mourning . ''
did he really just ask me to take ash out tonight ?
i went ahead and ordered ash 's tea and the cheese dip she loved .
i went ahead and got mine and ash 's drinks but i did n't order for you .
i also took ash as my spirit girl today .
i could n't let her hurt ash .
` ` beau , leave ash 's cousin alone .
there 's no use getting ash all worked up over this . ''
he has to love you , ash .
he deserved the truth but i could n't tell him everything without ash 's consent .
i asked the only ash i 'd ever known .
he was doing better with me and ash but the betrayal was still there .
it was time i started acting as if beau and ash being together did n't bother me .
it 'd been six months since i 'd lost ash to my brother .
` ` better be a damn good reason you 're parked in ash 's drive . ''
my answer obviously confused him because he raised one eyebrow then turned to look at ash as she scooted out behind him on the driver 's side .
me : ca n't do that ash .
i had to take a deep calming breath and i reread his request several times before typing- me : k chapter seven sawyer lana opened the front door the moment i pulled into ash 's driveway .
` ` if that 's ash tell her that she and beau are welcome to join us , '' sawyer piped up .
if ethan made her happy , i was n't sure i could stand in the way just to get ash all worked up .
beau 's expression was anything but pleased and ash looked like she was about to cry .
` ` the last time was when beau and ash were messing around behind my back .
nicole had n't been around much since beau and ash had hooked up .
it had n't bothered me to suggest ash sit in beau 's lap but the idea of him touching her still got to me .
this was my secret moment with ash .
` ` why could n't i have stayed back at the campsite with ash and beau ? ''
listening to talk about beau and ash 's sex life was n't something i was in the mood for .
` ` you need to get anything out of that duffle bag you and ash are sharing ? ''
let me go check on ash and i 'll be right back down . ''
he seemed completely over ash to me .
beau had n't cheated on ash .
when you lost ash ... did you cry ?
did ash remember that not more than three weeks ago right here at rosa lounge , they 'd both declared themselves confirmed bachelors ?